





Nicholas Investment Partners








































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 










LOADING
PREV
NEXT

http://nicpartners.com/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/demo.s1gk-is-100.png
http://nicpartners.com/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/demo.s2gk-is-100.jpg
http://nicpartners.com/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/demo.s3gk-is-100.jpg
http://nicpartners.com/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/demo.s4gk-is-100.jpg





Why choose
Nic Partners


Philosophy
Process
Continuity
Experience





Philosophy
“We believe and our experience has confirmed that investing in successful, growing companies – those that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations – has the potential to result in capital appreciation.” 




Process
“Our process combines bottom-up, traditional, fundamental analysis with proprietary quantitative research.  It continually drives clients’ portfolios towards holdings demonstrating positive change, sustainability and timeliness.” 




Continuity
“Continuity with 12 of our 16 professionals having worked together for an average of over two decades.  Our portfolio managers and internal research analysts have built a broad research network of experienced external analysts and company management contacts worldwide over the last 20+ years.” 




Experience
“Most of the senior members of our firm started working together over 25 years ago at our prior firm where our founders oversaw more than $40 billion in several asset classes for pension funds, endowments, foundations and financial advisors around the world.” 














About UsNicholas Investment Partners, L.P. (“Nicholas”) is 100%, employee-owned and 55% women-owned investment boutique focused on investing in dynamic, less efficient markets such as US small- and mid-cap equities and convertible bonds. Its performance-driven and client-focused culture is centered on building...Read more


 





Our ApproachOur experience has shown us that investing in successful, growing companies—ones that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations—has the potential to result in capital appreciation. The drivers of this positive change could be a new product, competitive advantage, regulatory change or...Read more


 





CapabilitiesWe specialize in dynamically growing small- and mid-cap companies offering different portfolios designed to suit a variety of investor needs.

- Over 30 years of experience investing in dynamic growth companies whose revenues and earnings are catalyzed by positive change and where the resulting acceleration of growth is sustainable and...Read more


 







Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















About Us


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 





















						About Us

Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P. (“Nicholas”) is 100%, employee-owned and 55% women-owned investment boutique focused on investing in dynamic, less efficient markets such as US small- and mid-cap equities and convertible bonds. Its performance-driven and client-focused culture is centered on building lasting and value-added relationships by remaining a small, focused investment firm working with a select group of clients and consultants. 
Nicholas believes, and its principals’ 30+ years of experience has confirmed, that investing in successful, growing companies—ones that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations—has the potential to result in outstanding capital appreciation. The source of positive change can be a new product, competitive advantage, regulatory change or a management change. The investment team determines if the positive change is sustainable by reviewing its long-term earnings potential, financial strength and quality of management. The team also confirms the timeliness of the investment by reviewing the stock’s relative price strength, market sentiment and economic factors impacting the company.
Nicholas believes its edge comes from combining global fundamental equity and credit research with the objectivity and efficiency of quantitative analytics. Nicholas’ investment philosophy and process is well-suited to the more dynamic, less widely followed small- and mid-capitalization market segments where experienced investors can better identify whether positive change is sustainable and investible. 
Nicholas is led by Managing Partner and CIO Catherine Nicholas and has 16 employees averaging 25 years of industry experience. 10 of the firm’s 16 employees, including six of its eight partners, worked together at a prior firm. Nicholas was founded and registered as an investment adviser with the SEC in March 2006, and is headquartered in San Diego County, CA.
 
 
FACTS:
Ownership: 100% Employee Owned; 55% Women-Owned
Assets: $1,432 million
Professionals: 16










Team Links

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance










Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















Approach


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 




















										Our Approach						
Our experience has shown us that investing in successful, growing companies—ones that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations—has the potential to result in capital appreciation. The drivers of this positive change could be a new product, competitive advantage, regulatory change or management change. We determine if the positive change is sustainable by reviewing the investment candidate’s long-term earnings potential, financial strength and quality of management. We confirm the timeliness of the investment by reviewing the security’s relative price strength, market sentiment and economic factors impacting the company.
A Disciplined, Forward-looking Approach to Growth Investing
We use a forward-looking growth strategy to security selection, combining fundamental analysis with the discipline and objectivity of quantitative analytics. Our proprietary model is based upon our philosophy of positive change, supported by sustainability/quality and timeliness measures. Using the latest technology to efficiently examine and narrow a broad universe of securities, plus an external research network developed over the last 25+ years, our portfolio managers and analysts apply their experience to identifying potential holdings meeting our buy criteria.
Security Selection Drives Portfolio Construction
Portfolio construction is determined by the strength and conviction in the company’s investment thesis, irrespective of industry or sector. As active managers, our clients’ portfolios are fully invested with minimal cash. Generally, in order for a new idea to be purchased, an existing holding must be sold. Each holding has to continue to earn its place in the portfolio.
Understanding Sources Of Risk In Relation to Potential Alpha  
To ensure client portfolios are positioned to capture alpha and to manage significant risk exposures, our investment team regularly monitors and evaluates the risk/reward characteristics of each holding and the total portfolio. Our process enables the portfolio managers to better understand the sources of stock specific and factor risk in the portfolio. It also allows the portfolio managers and analysts to confirm their level of conviction in those holdings generating the highest risk.
Commitment to Performance
We are committed to remaining a performance-driven investment firm specializing in active equity and convertibles strategies for a select number of institutional investors and sub-advisory clients. As part of our commitment to deliver value-added performance, we will restrict our asset growth in each capacity-limited product.















Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















Disclaimer


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 





















						Disclaimer

By using this website you are agreeing to the terms below:
Nicholas Investment Partners, LP ("Advisor") is a registered investment adviser located in Rancho Santa Fe, California. Advisor and its representatives are following the current notice filing requirements imposed upon registered investment advisers by those states in which Advisor maintains clients. Advisor may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. For information pertaining to the registration status of Advisor, please contact the SEC or the state securities regulators for those states in which Advisor maintains a notice filing. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training.   A copy of Advisor's current written disclosure statement discussing Advisor's business operations, services, and fees is available from Advisor upon written request. 
Advisor's web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Advisor's web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Advisor's solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Advisor with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. 
Advisor does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Advisor's web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore. Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client's investment portfolio. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Although Nicholas attempts to limit portfolio risk, risk management does not imply low risk. All risk models are inherently limited and subject to changes in economic, political and market conditions, as well as changes in the strategies holdings, among other things, which could affect the risk profile of any portfolio managed by Nicholas. All investments are subject to some degree of market and investment specific risk, among others. The value of investments can go down as well as up, and a loss of principal may occur.  Small- and mid-cap stocks may be subject to a higher degree of risk than larger more established companies’ securities. The liquidity of the markets for these small and mid-cap stocks may adversely affect the value of these investments.  The Advisor may engage in the short sale of securities in some strategies.  A short sale involves a finite opportunity for appreciation, but a theoretically unlimited risk of loss.
Any decisions based on information contained on this website are the sole responsibility of the visitor and by using Nicholas’ website visitors are agreeing to hold Nicholas harmless against any claims of damages arising from any decisions based on information contained on the site.
 















Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















Contact Us


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 





















						Contact Us

Nicholas Investment Partners
P.O. Box 9267Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067(858) 759-4545 Phone(858) 756-6542 FaxInformation Requests: 
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 















Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















Capabilities


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 





















						Capabilities

We specialize in dynamically growing small- and mid-cap companies offering different portfolios designed to suit a variety of investor needs.

- Over 30 years of experience investing in dynamic growth companies whose revenues and earnings are catalyzed by positive change and where the resulting acceleration of growth is sustainable and the investment is timely
- Specialists in small- to mid-cap companies
- Invest in both equities and convertibles
- Edge comes from combining global fundamental equity and credit research with objectivity and efficiency of quantitative tools

 
One team. One Philosophy. Different portfolios designed to suit a variety of investor needs
 
Convertible Arbitrage
An absolute return strategy that typically pairs a long convertible bond position with a corresponding short position on the underlying company’s equity. It uses an actively managed hedge strategy to seek a consistent positive rate of return with lower volatility than equities. In general, it expects to deliver mid-to-high single digit returns in normal market environments, over a market cycle, typically five years.
Invests in US dollar-denominated convertible bonds and preferred stocks. Actively hedges by typically shorting the equity exposure to take advantage of fundamentals and volatility. Convertible Arbitrage portfolios are fully invested and well diversified portfolios with approximately 50–100 securities across a wide range of industries.
Convertibles
A strategy that seeks to maximize total returns while protecting against downside risk. It combines fundamental equity research with traditional credit analysis to identify convertible bonds with an attractive asymmetrical risk/reward profile, those convertible securities that participate in most of the upside and less of the downside performance of the underlying equity.
Invests in US dollar-denominated convertible bonds and preferred stock. Convertible portfolios are fully invested and well-diversified with approximately 50–75 securities across a wide range of industries.
Concentrated US Equity
A focused all-cap strategy that seeks to deliver long-term capital appreciation through high-conviction investing. The strategy seeks to outperform broad-based market benchmarks. The strategy capitalizes on a disciplined and forward-looking investment process to invest in successful, growing companies—those that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations.
Invests in equity securities primarily traded on US exchanges with up to 25% of the portfolio in ADRs and non-US securities listed on US or local exchanges. Concentrated US Equity portfolios are actively managed with 20–50 securities selected across all market capitalizations.
US Growth Equity
Offers investors attractive opportunities to diversify and capture the appreciation potential in one of the best performing segments of US equity markets over the long-term. Mid-cap companies typically enjoy the growth potential of smaller companies with greater global market penetration, more experienced management and stronger financial resources. The strategy capitalizes on a disciplined and forward-looking investment process to invest in successful, growing companies—those that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations.
Invests in equity securities traded on US exchanges generally with market capitalizations in the range of the Russell Midcap Growth Index at the time of purchase. US Growth Equity portfolios are fully invested and well-diversified portfolios with approximately 75–100 holdings on average across a wide range of industries.
US Small Cap
Offers investors attractive opportunities for capital appreciation and diversification within this less-widely-followed market segment. Small-cap companies typically demonstrate higher revenue and earnings growth potential than larger companies. US Small Cap capitalizes on a disciplined and forward-looking investment process to invest in successful, growing companies—those that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations.
Invests in companies listed on US exchanges generally within the market capitalization range of the Russell 2000 Growth Index. US Small Cap portfolios are fully invested and well diversified portfolios with approximately 90–110 holdings on average across a wide range of industries.
Healthcare Opportunities
An actively managed, high-conviction strategy investing in healthcare-related companies that we believe manage change advantageously, have sustainable company fundamentals and are poised to exceed earnings and/or revenue growth expectations.
Invests in companies listed on US exchanges across all market capitalizations. Healthcare Opportunities portfolios are fully invested with industry weights a residual of the stock selection process. It is comprised of approximately 40–75 holdings in healthcare related industries.
Convertibles Plus
A levered strategy that seeks to maximize total returns while protecting against downside risk. It combines fundamental equity research with traditional credit analysis and seeks to identify convertible bonds with an attractive asymmetrical risk/reward profile, those convertible securities that participate in most of the upside and less of the downside performance of the underlying equity.
Invests in US dollar-denominated convertible bonds and preferred stock. Convertible Plus portfolios are fully invested and well-diversified with approximately 50–75 securities across a wide range of industries and are typically leveraged in the range of 1.0–2.5x.















Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	















About Us


































HomeAbout Us

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance

ApproachCapabilitiesContact UsDisclaimer
 





















						About Us

Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P. (“Nicholas”) is 100%, employee-owned and 55% women-owned investment boutique focused on investing in dynamic, less efficient markets such as US small- and mid-cap equities and convertible bonds. Its performance-driven and client-focused culture is centered on building lasting and value-added relationships by remaining a small, focused investment firm working with a select group of clients and consultants. 
Nicholas believes, and its principals’ 30+ years of experience has confirmed, that investing in successful, growing companies—ones that manage change advantageously and are poised to exceed expectations—has the potential to result in outstanding capital appreciation. The source of positive change can be a new product, competitive advantage, regulatory change or a management change. The investment team determines if the positive change is sustainable by reviewing its long-term earnings potential, financial strength and quality of management. The team also confirms the timeliness of the investment by reviewing the stock’s relative price strength, market sentiment and economic factors impacting the company.
Nicholas believes its edge comes from combining global fundamental equity and credit research with the objectivity and efficiency of quantitative analytics. Nicholas’ investment philosophy and process is well-suited to the more dynamic, less widely followed small- and mid-capitalization market segments where experienced investors can better identify whether positive change is sustainable and investible. 
Nicholas is led by Managing Partner and CIO Catherine Nicholas and has 16 employees averaging 25 years of industry experience. 10 of the firm’s 16 employees, including six of its eight partners, worked together at a prior firm. Nicholas was founded and registered as an investment adviser with the SEC in March 2006, and is headquartered in San Diego County, CA.
 
 
FACTS:
Ownership: 100% Employee Owned; 55% Women-Owned
Assets: $1,432 million
Professionals: 16










Team Links

Investment TeamClient ServicesAdministration and Compliance










Disclaimer


		Copyright by Nicholas Investment Partners 2016. All rights reserved.	




﻿

























Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Stake in Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (AMP) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Ameriprise Financial Services Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Shire PLC’s (NASDAQ:SHPG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) Cut to Sell at BidaskClub
ScanSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) Shares Gap Down Following Insider Selling
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (NYSE:VRX) PT Raised to $20.00
Trinseo S.A. (NYSE:TSE) Price Target Raised to $70.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Stake in Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (AMP)
Liberty Capital Management Inc. Has $198,000 Stake in Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI)
Adams Asset Advisors LLC Sells 35,090 Shares of Murphy Oil Corporation (NYSE:MUR)
Leggett & Platt, Incorporated (NYSE:LEG) Shares Bought by Woodstock Corp
5% Stake of Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Maintained by
Man Group Plc
Silicom Ltd (NASDAQ:SILC) Position Maintained by Woodstock Corp
Woodstock Corp Sells 5,890 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:FFIV)
Mitek Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MITK) Lifted to Buy at BidaskClub
Liberty Global PLC (NASDAQ:LILA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages
Analysts Set Fortis Inc. (FTS) PT at $38.00
Nintendo Co. (OTC:NTDOY) Receives $49.50 Consensus PT from Brokerages
Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages


 


Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Stake in Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (AMP)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Nicholas Investment Partners LP acquired a new stake in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:AMP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 30,560 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $3,963,000. 
Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Aristotle Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 2,353,860 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $261,137,000 after buying an additional 46,165 shares during the last quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services during the first quarter valued at approximately $2,230,000. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its position in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services by 12.5% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 6,232 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $837,000 after buying an additional 690 shares during the last quarter. Financial Architects Inc increased its position in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services by 68.1% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,866 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $242,000 after buying an additional 756 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. acquired a new position in shares of Ameriprise Financial Services during the first quarter valued at approximately $202,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.65% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (AMP) traded down 0.33% on Friday, reaching $136.34. The company had a trading volume of 840,531 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $20.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.59 and a beta of 1.84. Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. has a 1-year low of $86.25 and a 1-year high of $137.39. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $128.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $126.11. 


 Get Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. alerts:



Ameriprise Financial Services (NYSE:AMP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The financial services provider reported $2.70 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.52 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $2.91 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.89 billion. Ameriprise Financial Services had a net margin of 11.44% and a return on equity of 24.75%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $2.17 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. will post $10.88 EPS for the current year. 
Ameriprise Financial Services announced that its Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase plan on Monday, April 24th that allows the company to repurchase $2.50 billion in shares. This repurchase authorization allows the financial services provider to repurchase up to 12.3% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are typically a sign that the company’s board believes its shares are undervalued. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Nicholas Investment Partners LP Purchases New Stake in Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (AMP)” was originally reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/nicholas-investment-partners-lp-acquires-shares-of-30560-ameriprise-financial-services-inc-amp-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms recently commented on AMP. BidaskClub upgraded Ameriprise Financial Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Royal Bank Of Canada initiated coverage on Ameriprise Financial Services in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $135.00 price objective on the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $127.00 target price (up previously from $124.00) on shares of Ameriprise Financial Services in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research cut Ameriprise Financial Services from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a $130.00 target price (up previously from $127.00) on shares of Ameriprise Financial Services in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Ameriprise Financial Services presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $134.48.
In related news, EVP Randy Kupper sold 2,987 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $130.24, for a total transaction of $389,026.88. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 30,969 shares in the company, valued at $4,033,402.56. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, VP Kelli A. Hunter sold 943 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $128.80, for a total transaction of $121,458.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 39,919 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,141,567.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. 
About Ameriprise Financial Services
Ameriprise Financial, Inc is a financial services company that offers financial solutions to individual and institutional clients. The Company operates in five segments: Advice & Wealth Management; Asset Management; Annuities; Protection, and Corporate & Other. The Company uses Ameriprise Financial as its enterprise brand, as well as the name of its advisor network and certain of its retail products and services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameriprise Financial Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 































Nicholas Investment Partners : Top Money Managers  

﻿
































Benchmark Co. Raises BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Price Target to $44.00 - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for BioTelemetry Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor BioTelemetry Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

BidaskClub Downgrades CommScope Holding Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:COMM) to Hold
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Bodycote Plc (NASDAQ:BYPLF) to Hold
Columbus McKinnon Corporation (CMCO) Lifted to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Check-Cap Ltd. (NASDAQ:CHEK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
CECO Environmental Corp. (NASDAQ:CECE) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
BidaskClub Downgrades Bloomin’ Brands, Inc. (BLMN) to Hold
Cormark Weighs in on Canadian Pacific Railway Limited’s FY2017 Earnings (CP)
Luxottica Group SpA (NYSE:LUX) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.49
Benchmark Co. Raises BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Price Target to $44.00
Wedbush Comments on Select Comfort Corporation’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SCSS)
FY2017 EPS Estimates for International Business Machines Corporation Raised by Analyst (IBM)
Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) & Lattice Semiconductor Corporation (LSCC) Financial Contrast
Korn/Ferry International (KFY) vs. Towers Watson & Co (TW) Financial Analysis
Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Price Target to $84.00
Praxair, Inc. (PX) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC
Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts
Norbord Inc (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Zayo Group Holdings (ZAYO) versus Allot Communications (ALLT) Critical Comparison




 


Benchmark Co. Raises BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Price Target to $44.00

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 




BioTelemetry, Inc. (NASDAQ:BEAT) had its target price upped by stock analysts at Benchmark Co.  from $38.00 to $44.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday, Marketbeat reports. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the medical research company’s stock. Benchmark Co.’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 25.71% from the stock’s current price.
BEAT has been the subject of several other reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of BioTelemetry from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Dougherty & Co raised their price target on shares of BioTelemetry from $30.00 to $37.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Lake Street Capital  restated a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price target (up from $35.00) on shares of BioTelemetry in a report on Friday, July 14th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. BioTelemetry currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.20.


 Get BioTelemetry Inc. alerts:



Shares of BioTelemetry (NASDAQ:BEAT) traded up 0.14% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $35.05. 56,169 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.00 billion, a PE ratio of 21.89 and a beta of 0.76. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.89. BioTelemetry has a 12 month low of $15.25 and a 12 month high of $35.60. 




BioTelemetry (NASDAQ:BEAT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The medical research company reported $0.16 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $55.88 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $55.11 million. BioTelemetry had a net margin of 22.77% and a return on equity of 19.87%.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  BioTelemetry will post $0.88 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Benchmark Co. Raises BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Price Target to $44.00” was first  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/21/benchmark-co-raises-biotelemetry-inc-beat-price-target-to-44-00.html. 
In related news, Director Robert J. Rubin sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $28.14, for a total transaction of $422,100.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 9.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BEAT. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in  BioTelemetry by 69,017.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,509,112 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $101,587,000 after buying an additional 3,504,035 shares in the last quarter.  Wellington Management Group LLP raised its position in shares of  BioTelemetry by 28.7% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 1,009,507 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $29,225,000 after buying an additional 225,407 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  BioTelemetry by 11.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,674,580 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $48,480,000 after buying an additional 174,844 shares during the period.  Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in shares of  BioTelemetry by 13.4% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,247,045 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $36,102,000 after buying an additional 147,745 shares during the period.  Finally, Driehaus Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of  BioTelemetry by 53.5% in the first quarter. Driehaus Capital Management LLC now owns 244,866 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $7,089,000 after buying an additional 85,386 shares during the period. 79.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
About BioTelemetry
BioTelemetry, Inc (BioTelemetry), formerly CardioNet, Inc, provides cardiac monitoring services, cardiac monitoring device manufacturing, and centralized cardiac core laboratory services. The Company operates in three segments: patient services, product and research services. The patient services business segment’s principal focus is on the diagnosis and monitoring of cardiac arrhythmias or heart rhythm disorders, through its core Mobile Cardiac Outpatient Telemetry(MCOT), event and Holter services in a healthcare setting.







Receive News & Ratings for BioTelemetry Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BioTelemetry Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































﻿





























NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) PT Lowered to $16.00 at Maxim Group - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NIC Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NIC Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 2,588 Shares of QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP)
NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) PT Lowered to $16.00 at Maxim Group
Duluth Holdings Inc. (DLTH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at DA Davidson
Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Cobra Electronics Corp (COBR) Stock Price
Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $8.87 Million Stake in Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR)
Hays plc (HAS) Downgraded by BNP Paribas to “Neutral”
YRC Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:YRCW) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub
Trust Co. of Vermont Has $255,000 Position in Loews Corporation (L)
ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Position Increased by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V.
Prudential Financial Inc. Has $1.91 Million Position in Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD)
ENSCO PLC (NYSE:ESV) Position Decreased by Gotham Asset Management LLC
Upland Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:UPLD) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Roth Capital
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Acquires 5,170 Shares of Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO)
ANSYS, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANSS) Position Increased by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB
Lithia Motors, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $2.34 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (NYSE:LAD)
Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (NYSE:PEB) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.40 Per Share
CBRE Clarion Global Real Estate Incm Fd (NYSE:IGR) Announces $0.05 Jul 17 Dividend
First Analysis Weighs in on PRA Group, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:PRAA)
BG Staffing Inc (NASDAQ:BGSF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research







NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) PT Lowered to $16.00 at Maxim Group


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) had its target price decreased by Maxim Group from $21.00 to $16.00 in a research report released on Friday morning. Maxim Group currently has a hold rating on the software maker’s stock. 
“Texas has released its Request for Offer (RFO) for Texas.gov, where EGOV is the vendor and this contract generated 20% of 2016 revenue or about $63 million.”,” Maxim Group’s analyst wrote.


 Get NIC Inc. alerts:



Several other equities analysts have also commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered NIC from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Monday, July 3rd. BidaskClub lowered NIC from a sell rating to a strong sell rating in a report on Friday, June 30th. DA Davidson initiated coverage on NIC in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. They issued a neutral rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Imperial Capital raised NIC from an in-line rating to an outperform rating and set a $23.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, July 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the company. NIC presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $20.00.





Shares of NIC (NASDAQ:EGOV) opened at 16.35 on Friday. NIC has a 52-week low of $15.85 and a 52-week high of $25.90. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $19.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.17. The firm has a market cap of $1.08 billion, a PE ratio of 19.12 and a beta of 0.45. 
NIC (NASDAQ:EGOV) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The software maker reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $83.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $81.99 million. NIC had a return on equity of 39.07% and a net margin of 17.64%. NIC’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.19 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  NIC will post $0.73 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/nic-inc-nasdaqegov-pt-lowered-to-16-00-at-maxim-group.html. 
In other NIC news, COO Robert W. Knapp sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.38, for a total value of $509,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 197,531 shares in the company, valued at $4,025,681.78. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own  4.10% of the company’s stock. 
A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in EGOV. Copeland Capital Management LLC increased its position in  NIC by 7.1% in the second quarter. Copeland Capital Management LLC now owns 554,804 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $10,514,000 after buying an additional 36,967 shares in the last quarter.  Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC increased its position in  NIC by 3.7% in the second quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,700,988 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $32,234,000 after buying an additional 60,970 shares in the last quarter.  US Bancorp DE increased its position in  NIC by 20.5% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 17,334 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $329,000 after buying an additional 2,943 shares in the last quarter.  Legato Capital Management LLC bought a new position in  NIC during the second quarter valued at about $1,212,000.  Finally, BTIM Corp. increased its position in  NIC by 20.2% in the second quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 1,111,666 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $21,066,000 after buying an additional 187,062 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  92.20% of the company’s stock. 
NIC Company Profile
NIC Inc is a provider of digital government services that help governments use technology to provide services to businesses and citizens. The Company operates through Outsourced Portals segment. The Company offers its services through two channels: primary outsourced portal businesses, and software and services businesses.







Receive News & Ratings for NIC Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NIC Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:34 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, banks or thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, trusts, estates, charitable organizations, corporations, business entities, wrap accounts and private investment vehicles. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It invests in the public equity of the United States. The firm also invests in hedging markets. It invests in small-cap companies and in growth stocks of mid-cap and all-cap companies. The firm also invests is convertibles securities and uses convertible arbitrage. It employs fundamental and quantitative an...
Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, banks or thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, trusts, estates, charitable organizations, corporations, business entities, wrap accounts and private investment vehicles. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It invests in the public equity of the United States. The firm also invests in hedging markets. It invests in small-cap companies and in growth stocks of mid-cap and all-cap companies. The firm also invests is convertibles securities and uses convertible arbitrage. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research to make its investments. Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P. was founded in 2006, and is based in Rancho Santa Fe, California.
Detailed Description


6451 EL Sicomero StreetRancho Santa Fe, CA 92067United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 858-759-4545

Fax: 858-756-6542

www.nicpartners.com







Key Executives for Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P.




Mr. Christopher Paul  Siriani


      	Partner, President, Chief Operations Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Ms. Catherine Charlotte Somhegyi Nicholas


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Arthur Edward Nicholas


      	Co-Founder, Senior Partner, and Adviser
      








Ms. Laura Stanley DeMarco


      	Partner, Head of Sales and Client Service
      








Ms. Lisa Wheatley


      	Partner and Senior Research Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nicholas Investment Partners, L.P., please visit www.nicpartners.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


















































NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) Upgraded at Imperial Capital - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















NIC Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NIC Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE:ALLY) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold					

Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation’s (BMTC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods					

Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC (ERM) Given “Buy” Rating at Peel Hunt					

Barclays PLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP)					

Beazley PLC’s (LON:BEZ) Reduce Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt					

Republic First Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FRBK) PT Set at $9.00 by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods					

Kosmos Energy Ltd. (NYSE:KOS) Given a $8.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC					

Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) a $10.00 Price Target					

Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ:PODD) Earns “Hold” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Given a $95.00 Price Target at Stephens					

Maxim Group Analysts Give Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:BCLI) a $8.00 Price Target					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) PT Set at $5.00 by Maxim Group					

Northland Securities Reiterates “$7.00” Price Target for Bazaarvoice, Inc. (BV)					

Qualys, Inc. (NASDAQ:QLYS) Given a $48.00 Price Target at Northland Securities					

Synchrony Financial’s (SYF) Hold Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) PT Set at $180.00 by Cowen and Company					

Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (MBII) Given a $1.00 Price Target by Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts					

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGI) PT Set at $13.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies					

Wells Fargo & Company Reiterates “$19.00” Price Target for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD)					

Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE:KMI) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc.					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) Upgraded at Imperial Capital					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Imperial Capital upgraded shares of NIC Inc. (NASDAQ:EGOV) from an in-line rating to an outperform rating in a report published on Monday, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They currently have $23.00 target price on the software maker’s stock.
EGOV has been the subject of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of NIC from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Monday, July 3rd. BidaskClub downgraded shares of NIC from a sell rating to a strong sell rating in a report on Friday, June 30th. Finally, DA Davidson started coverage on shares of NIC in a report on Wednesday, June 28th. They issued a neutral rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. NIC currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $22.29.
Shares of NIC (EGOV) opened at 18.05 on Monday. NIC has a 1-year low of $18.00 and a 1-year high of $25.90. The company’s 50-day moving average is $19.42 and its 200 day moving average is $21.17. The stock has a market cap of $1.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.11 and a beta of 0.45. 




NIC (NASDAQ:EGOV) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The software maker reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.03. NIC had a net margin of 17.64% and a return on equity of 39.07%. The firm had revenue of $83.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $81.99 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.19 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 6.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  NIC will post $0.73 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: This piece was originally  reported by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/nic-inc-nasdaqegov-upgraded-at-imperial-capital/1454151.html. 
In other news, COO Robert W. Knapp sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.38, for a total value of $509,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 197,531 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,025,681.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  4.10% of the company’s stock. 
Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in shares of  NIC by 20.5% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 17,334 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $329,000 after buying an additional 2,943 shares in the last quarter.  Legato Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NIC during the second quarter worth about $1,212,000.  BTIM Corp. boosted its position in shares of  NIC by 20.2% in the second quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 1,111,666 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $21,066,000 after buying an additional 187,062 shares in the last quarter.  Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of  NIC by 3.2% in the second quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 613,973 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $11,635,000 after buying an additional 18,850 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in shares of  NIC by 79.4% in the second quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 12,292 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $232,000 after buying an additional 5,442 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  92.19% of the company’s stock. 
NIC Company Profile
NIC Inc is a provider of digital government services that help governments use technology to provide services to businesses and citizens. The Company operates through Outsourced Portals segment. The Company offers its services through two channels: primary outsourced portal businesses, and software and services businesses.



Receive News & Ratings for NIC Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NIC Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































﻿
































Cann Reaffirms Hold Rating for Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Exelixis Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Exelixis Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Contrasting NextEra Energy (NEE) & Azure Power Global (AZRE)
Analyzing Heico Corporation (HEI) & LMI Aerospace (LMIA)
Sibanye Gold Limited (SBGL) and Franco-Nevada Corporation (NYSE:FNV) Head to Head Comparison
DragonWave Inc (DRWI) Downgraded by Desjardins
Brokerages Set MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Target Price at $30.30
Capital Senior Living Corporation (NYSE:CSU) Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) Downgraded to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley
Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (NASDAQ:CLNE) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Enbridge Energy, L.P. (NYSE:EEP) Upgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Big Yellow Group plc (BYG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt
Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Upgraded to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Banc of California, Inc. (BANC) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Sell
My Marijuana Canada Inc (MYM) Director Ian Ramage Sells 20,000 Shares
Canadian Natural Resources Limited (NYSE:CNQ) Upgraded by Morgan Stanley to “Overweight”
Insider Buying: Versabank (VB) Director Purchases C$10,890.00 in Stock
Clifton Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:CSBK) Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Neill Abrams Acquires 54 Shares of Ocado Group PLC (OCDO) Stock
Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:COO) Given New $265.00 Price Target at Piper Jaffray Companies
Amphenol Corporation (APH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Newfield Exploration Company (NYSE:NFX) Reduced by Analyst




 


Cann Reaffirms Hold Rating for Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL)

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by Cann in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. 
The analysts wrote, “Exelixis, Inc. announced today a settlement of the company’s dispute with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, concerning the parties’ collaboration for the development and commercialization of Cotellic (cobimetinib). As part of the settlement, effective July 1, 2017, the companies have amended the existing Collaboration Agreement to revise the revenue and cost-sharing arrangements for the collaboration. The Amendment resolves the companies’ dispute pursuant to the arbitration demand filed on June 3, 2016.””


 Get Exelixis Inc. alerts:



A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on EXEL. Needham & Company LLC initiated coverage on Exelixis in a research report on Friday, March 31st. They set a “buy” rating and a $28.00 price objective for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Exelixis in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Zacks Investment Research lowered Exelixis from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. TheStreet raised Exelixis from a “d” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, William Blair  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Exelixis in a research report on Friday, June 16th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.95.




Shares of Exelixis (EXEL) traded up 1.53% on Thursday, hitting $27.16. The company had a trading volume of 1,369,507 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $22.81 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.94 billion, a PE ratio of 1293.33 and a beta of 1.88. Exelixis has a 52 week low of $8.47 and a 52 week high of $27.63. 
Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The biotechnology company reported $0.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.06. Exelixis had a return on equity of 126.82% and a net margin of 1.37%. The firm had revenue of $80.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $65.23 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.27) EPS. The business’s revenue was up 425.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts forecast that  Exelixis will post $0.18 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/cann-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-exelixis-inc-nasdaqexel.html. 
In other news, CMO Gisela Schwab sold 89,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.01, for a total value of $2,068,829.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Patrick J. Haley sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.46, for a total value of $92,300.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 709,647 shares of company stock worth $15,673,068. Company insiders own  5.10% of the company’s stock. 
Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in EXEL. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in  Exelixis by 33,678.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 19,155,466 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $415,099,000 after buying an additional 19,098,757 shares during the period.  Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. increased its position in  Exelixis by 237.5% in the first quarter. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. now owns 5,041,260 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $109,244,000 after buying an additional 3,547,665 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in  Exelixis by 12.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 23,735,071 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $514,339,000 after buying an additional 2,696,877 shares during the period.  Norges Bank purchased a new position in  Exelixis during the fourth quarter worth about $36,882,000.  Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in  Exelixis by 167.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,460,194 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $31,642,000 after buying an additional 913,454 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  80.82% of the company’s stock. 
About Exelixis
Exelixis, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines to manage care and outcomes for people with cancer. The Company’s cabozantinib product is an inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases, including MET, AXL, and VEGF receptors.







Receive News & Ratings for Exelixis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelixis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














 




Merrill Edge: Low Pricing. Plain and Simple.



































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees























Menu





Sign In


 




Why Merrill Edge


Investing your way


Overview
Online Investing & Trading
Guided Investing
Invest with an Advisor




Investment choices


Investment choices overview 
Stocks
ETFs
Mutual Funds
Fixed Income & Bonds
Options
Managed Portfolios
Merrill Edge Guided Investing
Merrill Edge Select® Portfolios




General Investing


Online Brokerage Account




Retirement


Retirement overview
Retirement planning
Starting out
Building wealth
Nearing retirement
In retirement
Retirement accounts
Rollover IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Compare IRAs




Saving for college


Saving for college overview
College planning
Before college 
Nearing college 
During college & beyond 
College savings plans
529 college savings plan
Custodial account (UGMA/UTMA)
Compare college savings plans




Small business solutions


Small business overview
Self-employed retirement plans
Individual 401(k)
SEP IRA
Compare self-employed plans
Employer retirement plans
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Compare employer plans




Life events


Life priorities


Investor education


Tools and calculators


Pricing & special offers


Open an account


Contact us





Get up to


when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge investment account or IRA.
Learn more
 
Open an account
Or call us 24/7 at 866.460.1282






Low pricing. Plain and simple.

Per online equity and ETF trade


Low pricing. Plain and simple.
Pay just $6.95 per online equity and ETF trade. No investment or trade minimums.
+Other fees may apply



Open a Merrill Edge® account in just minutes
Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone


Enjoy all the benefits of Merrill Edge®



Simple flat rate pricing
Get simple flat-rate pricing of $6.95 per online stock and ETF trade with no balance or trade minimums. Or learn how to qualify for thirty $0* online stock and ETF trades per month with Preferred Rewards1.
+Other fees may apply.


Investment & banking on one page
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts with one login.


Full range of investment offerings
Select from thousands of mutual funds, ETFs, stocks, bonds and other investments.




Research and tools
Make informed investment decisions with access to independent research, the insights of Merrill Lynch and easy-to-use tools.


Access anytime, anywhere
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts—online, on your mobile device and at thousands of Bank of America ATMs.


Get up to $600
Open and fund a Merrill Edge account and get up to $600.2






Get up to $600 when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge retirement account.2

Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone






4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.











4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.







*Sales are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.
Privacy & Security | Advertising practices
Advertising Practices

1 Eligibility: Commissions are only waived for online stock and ETF trades conducted via an individual or jointly owned online investing and trading personal CMA or IRA account.

Qualify for 30 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

$25,000 or more in combined balances in your Bank of America deposit accounts through 09/30/2017
$25,000 or more in combined cash balances in your Merrill Edge online investing and trading personal CMA and/or IRA accounts through 09/30/2017
Preferred Rewards Platinum client

Qualify for 100 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

Preferred Rewards Platinum Honors clients
U.S. Trust Client

			For details about commissions, transaction fees and any other fees that may apply visit merrilledge.com/pricing. Certain account types are not eligible. Other restrictions may apply. Relationship requirements and pricing are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. For full details about ways to qualify for $0 trades, call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343) or visit merrilledge.com/$0detail.
2 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
			
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
			
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.

If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.
			
			This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.
			
			Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
			
			ARGLWQ9M
		





Connect with us:





Connect with us:





		Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
		
		Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
		
		Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
		
		Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
		
Investment Products:


Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



		MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
		
		©
		 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
	














































I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





BD78F429 (SCB*******802)





    











 




Merrill Edge: Low Pricing. Plain and Simple.



































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees























Menu





Sign In


 




Why Merrill Edge


Investing your way


Overview
Online Investing & Trading
Guided Investing
Invest with an Advisor




Investment choices


Investment choices overview 
Stocks
ETFs
Mutual Funds
Fixed Income & Bonds
Options
Managed Portfolios
Merrill Edge Guided Investing
Merrill Edge Select® Portfolios




General Investing


Online Brokerage Account




Retirement


Retirement overview
Retirement planning
Starting out
Building wealth
Nearing retirement
In retirement
Retirement accounts
Rollover IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Compare IRAs




Saving for college


Saving for college overview
College planning
Before college 
Nearing college 
During college & beyond 
College savings plans
529 college savings plan
Custodial account (UGMA/UTMA)
Compare college savings plans




Small business solutions


Small business overview
Self-employed retirement plans
Individual 401(k)
SEP IRA
Compare self-employed plans
Employer retirement plans
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Compare employer plans




Life events


Life priorities


Investor education


Tools and calculators


Pricing & special offers


Open an account


Contact us





Get up to


when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge investment account or IRA.
Learn more
 
Open an account
Or call us 24/7 at 866.460.1282






Low pricing. Plain and simple.

Per online equity and ETF trade


Low pricing. Plain and simple.
Pay just $6.95 per online equity and ETF trade. No investment or trade minimums.
+Other fees may apply



Open a Merrill Edge® account in just minutes
Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone


Enjoy all the benefits of Merrill Edge®



Simple flat rate pricing
Get simple flat-rate pricing of $6.95 per online stock and ETF trade with no balance or trade minimums. Or learn how to qualify for thirty $0* online stock and ETF trades per month with Preferred Rewards1.
+Other fees may apply.


Investment & banking on one page
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts with one login.


Full range of investment offerings
Select from thousands of mutual funds, ETFs, stocks, bonds and other investments.




Research and tools
Make informed investment decisions with access to independent research, the insights of Merrill Lynch and easy-to-use tools.


Access anytime, anywhere
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts—online, on your mobile device and at thousands of Bank of America ATMs.


Get up to $600
Open and fund a Merrill Edge account and get up to $600.2






Get up to $600 when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge retirement account.2

Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone






4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.











4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.







*Sales are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.
Privacy & Security | Advertising practices
Advertising Practices

1 Eligibility: Commissions are only waived for online stock and ETF trades conducted via an individual or jointly owned online investing and trading personal CMA or IRA account.

Qualify for 30 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

$25,000 or more in combined balances in your Bank of America deposit accounts through 09/30/2017
$25,000 or more in combined cash balances in your Merrill Edge online investing and trading personal CMA and/or IRA accounts through 09/30/2017
Preferred Rewards Platinum client

Qualify for 100 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

Preferred Rewards Platinum Honors clients
U.S. Trust Client

			For details about commissions, transaction fees and any other fees that may apply visit merrilledge.com/pricing. Certain account types are not eligible. Other restrictions may apply. Relationship requirements and pricing are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. For full details about ways to qualify for $0 trades, call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343) or visit merrilledge.com/$0detail.
2 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
			
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
			
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.

If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.
			
			This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.
			
			Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
			
			ARGLWQ9M
		





Connect with us:





Connect with us:





		Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
		
		Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
		
		Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
		
		Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
		
Investment Products:


Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



		MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
		
		©
		 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
	














































I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





BD78F429 (SCB*******802)





    











Open a 529 College Savings Plan today with Merrill Edge.


































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees























Menu





Sign In


 




Why Merrill Edge


Investing your way


Overview
Online Investing & Trading
Guided Investing
Invest with an Advisor




Investment choices


Investment choices overview 
Stocks
ETFs
Mutual Funds
Fixed Income & Bonds
Options
Managed Portfolios
Merrill Edge Guided Investing
Merrill Edge Select® Portfolios




General Investing


Online Brokerage Account




Retirement


Retirement overview
Retirement planning
Starting out
Building wealth
Nearing retirement
In retirement
Retirement accounts
Rollover IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Compare IRAs




Saving for college


Saving for college overview
College planning
Before college 
Nearing college 
During college & beyond 
College savings plans
529 college savings plan
Custodial account (UGMA/UTMA)
Compare college savings plans




Small business solutions


Small business overview
Self-employed retirement plans
Individual 401(k)
SEP IRA
Compare self-employed plans
Employer retirement plans
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Compare employer plans




Life events


Life priorities


Investor education


Tools and calculators


Pricing & special offers


Open an account


Contact us





Get up to


when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge investment account or IRA.
Learn more
 
Open an account
Or call us 24/7 at 866.460.1282





It's never too early to start planning for a college education


Open a NextGen College Investing 529 Plan through Merrill Edge® today.
Get started

Get started




Or call to apply by phone


You'll also enjoy benefits like these:



Tax advantages
Any earnings generated will be federal (and possibly state) income-tax-free as long as withdrawals are used for qualified higher education expenses.1 Certain states may offer tax or other benefits for investing in their Section 529 plans.2 


No annual account fee
There is no annual account fee, and you can make contributions and withdrawals without age limits. Plus no income limits on contributions.




Wide range of investment offerings
The NextGen Direct 529 Plan offers a range of savings and investment choices.


Investing and banking on one page
Get help navigating a volatile market with personal, one-on-one guidance available when you need it.





Use our College Planning Calculator
Get a personalized report that gives you a closer look at how to pay for college. It summarizes your total projected education costs and even helps you estimate the monthly savings needed to meet your goals.
			
Start now


Start now





Privacy & Security | Advertising practices
Advertising Practices

Please remember there's always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities. 
			
			Before you invest in a Section 529 plan, request the plan's official statement from your Financial Solutions Advisor and read it carefully. The official statement contains more complete information, including investment objectives, charges, expenses and risks of investing in the 529 plan, which you should consider carefully before investing. You should also consider whether your home state or your beneficiary's home state offers any state tax or other benefits that are only available for investments in such state's 529 plan. Section 529 plans are not guaranteed by any state or federal agency.

1 To be eligible for favorable tax treatment afforded to any earnings portion of withdrawals from Section 529 accounts, such withdrawals must be used for "qualified higher education expenses," as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. Any earnings withdrawn that are not used for such expenses are subject to federal income tax and may be subject to a 10% additional federal tax, as well as applicable state and local income taxes. 
			
2 Section 529 plans are established by various states and are offered to residents of all states. Depending on the laws of the customer's home state, favorable tax treatment for investing in a Section 529 plan may be limited to investments made in a Section 529 plan offered by the customer's home state. Neither Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated nor any of its subsidiaries are tax or legal advisors. We suggest you consult your personal tax or legal advisor before making tax or legal-related investment decisions. 
			
			AR6LNQV9-EXP090617
		





Connect with us:





Connect with us:





		Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
		
		Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
		
		Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
		
		Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
		
Investment Products:


Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



		MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
		
		©
		 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
	









































I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





BD78F429 (SCB*******802)





    






































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees




















Invest with Merrill Edge® and get up to


300
$0 online stock and ETF trades for 90 days1

+
$

600
when you open andfund a new account1


+ Other fees may apply. See fee details

 

Open a Merrill Edge®online investing accountin just minutes





Get the resources you want with Merrill Edge:
 






Research and tools

Make informed investment decisions with access to independent research, the insights of Merrill Lynch and easy-to-use tools.




Pre-evaluated lists

Choose investments using streamlined lists of stocks, ETFs and mutual funds evaluated by Merrill Lynch research and analytics teams.2






Full range ofinvestments

Choose from a wide range of stocks, bonds, ETFs and well-known mutual funds.




View investing andbanking on one page

See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts with one login. And, you can move money between these accounts in real time.3




Trade and save with:



300 commission-freeonline equity and ETF trades






Simple, straightforward pricing
Unlimited $6.95 trades — get our flat rate on online stock and ETF trades

$0 online trades - Learn how to qualify for thirty $0 online stock and ETF trades with Preferred Rewards4
+ Other fees may apply





 








 




Click "Enroll and open" on this page to open your account.
Call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.



 




Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.


You'll receive your cash bonus within two weeks after the 90-day qualifying period


*Sales are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.






























1 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.

If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.

This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.
2 Research provided by BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research.
3 Certain banking and brokerage accounts may be ineligible for real-time money movement, including but not limited to transfers to/from bank IRAs (CD, Money Market), 529s, SafeBalance Banking®, Credit Cards and transfers from IRAs, Loans (HELOC, LOC, Mortgage) and accounts held in the military bank. Accounts eligible for real-time transfers will be displayed online in the to/from drop down menu on the transfer screen.
4 Eligibility: Commissions are only waived for online stock and ETF trades conducted via an individual or jointly owned online investing and trading personal CMA or IRA account.
Qualify for 30 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

$25,000 or more in combined balances in your Bank of America deposit accounts through 09/30/2017
$25,000 or more in combined cash balances in your Merrill Edge online investing and trading personal CMA and/or IRA accounts through 09/30/2017
Preferred Rewards Platinum client

Qualify for 100 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

Preferred Rewards Platinum Honors clients
U.S. Trust Client


For details about commissions, transaction fees and any other fees that may apply visit merrilledge.com/pricing. Certain account types are not eligible. Other restrictions may apply. Relationship requirements and pricing are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. For full details about ways to qualify for $0 trades, call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343) or visit merrilledge.com/$0detail.

ARDKXLW3













I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





BD78F429 (SCB*******802)





    












































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees



















 

 





 
Check out the wide array of mutual funds and all the resources Merrill Edge has to offer:

 





Full range ofinvestment offerings

Merrill Edge offers a wide array of well-known, no load and load waived mutual funds.1
Other fees and expenses may apply.*




One-on-one guidance

Get one-on-one guidance when you need help.






Pre-evaluated lists

Choose investments using streamlined lists of stocks, ETFs and mutual funds evaluated by Merrill Lynch research and analytics teams.2




Easy-to-use screeners

Merrill Edge also provides easy-to-use screeners to help you find ETFs and well-known mutual funds that help meet your needs.



 




 
An outstanding customer service experienceMerrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience"  for the Live Phone channel.3



 
Barron's 2016 Best Online Brokers SurveyMerrill Edge was named one of the best online brokers for Long Term Investors receiving 4 out of 5 stars — 4 years in a row (2013, 2014, 2015, 2016).4












 




Click "Enroll and open" on this page to open your account.
Call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.



 




Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.


You'll receive your cash bonus within two weeks after the 90-day qualifying period
































*Other fees may apply. Sell trades are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.
1 When you purchase No Load, No Transaction Fee funds (NTF) or Load Waived funds, you will not pay loads, transaction fees or commissions. For No Load, Transaction Fee funds (TF) you will be charged a transaction fee of $19.95 per online purchase, sale or exchange or $29.95 if representative assisted. A Merrill Edge short-term redemption fee of $39.95 is charged on redemptions or exchanges of NTF funds that are held less than 90 days. There are costs associated with owning a mutual fund, such as annual operating fees and expenses. For more information about investing in mutual funds at Merrill Lynch, please read the Mutual Fund Investing at Merrill Lynch pamphlet or consult our glossary.
2 Research provided by BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research.
3 J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
4 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2016 Best Online Broker Survey, March 19, 2016. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/51875.html. Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.
5 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.


If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.

This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.

AR884Y53













I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





BD78F429 (SCB*******802)





    








LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 

















Advice, Products and Services - Wealth Management | Raymond James








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor




















Wealth Management
Advice, Products & Services






Wealth Management

What Are You Planning For?


Growing My Wealth




Preserving My Wealth




Planning for Retirement




Providing for Family




Managing My Estate




Growing My Business






Advice, Products & Services


Working with a Raymond James Advisor




Investment Solutions


Asset Management Services


How We're Different




Managed Accounts


What's a Managed Account?




Separately Managed Accounts






The Role of Your Advisor




Freedom


How We're Different




The Freedom ETF Account




The Freedom Mutual Fund Account




The Freedom Retirement Account




The Freedom UMA Account






Raymond James Consulting Services


How We're Different




Four Step Process






Passport


How We're Different




What Else You Should Know About Fee-Based Accounts








Fixed Income


Fixed Income Advantage


Bond Portfolio Evaluation & Reporting






Fixed Income Strategies


Cost of Waiting




Estate Planning with Bonds




Laddering Maturities




Premium Bonds




Bond Swaps




Bonds vs. Bond Funds




A Guide to Understanding Floating-Rate Securities






Bond Basics


Duration & Convexity




Callable Bonds


Make-Whole Calls






Types of Income


Step-Ups








Municipal Bonds


Important Resources for Municipal Bond Investors




Current Municipal Bond Market Considerations


A Primer on the Sale Process




Pension Obligation Funding Overview






Municipal Bond Risks: Lack of Disclosure May Affect Liquidity




Investing in New Issue Bonds




New Issue Calendar




Build America Bonds






Taxable Bonds


U.S. Treasury Securities




TIPS - Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities




Government-Sponsored Enterprise Debt Securities




Brokered Certificates of Deposits (CDs)




Corporate Bonds




Foreign Currency Bonds




Preferred Securities




MBS and CMOs






Fixed Income Offering Disclosure Documentation Information


Syndicate Official Statements




Preliminary Offering Documents




Final Offering Documents






Pricing Factors


Bond Prices and Valuations




Risks of Bond Investing








Research Areas


Equity Research


Research Team




Individual Company Research Reports




Specialty Reports




How to Read Our Equity Research Reports




Analysts’ Best Picks® Record






International Research




Mutual Fund Research


Mutual Fund Company Reports






Closed-End Fund Research




Asset Management Research






Mutual Funds




Closed-End Funds




Unit Investment Trusts




Convertible Securities




Options




Restricted Securities






Financial & Retirement Planning


Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)


IRA Alternatives




The Simple IRA




Understanding Required Minimum Distributions






Retirement Planning Calculator




Owners-Only 401(k)




Qualified Retirement Plans




Simplified Employee Pension Plans




College Planning




Retirement Plan Advisory Council


About Us


The RPAC Advantage




What to Expect






Our Services




Standard of Care


Mission Statement






Advisor Locator








Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services


Raymond James Trust


Solutions & Services




Questions About Trusts




Working with Attorneys & COIs




Raymond James Charitable








Banking & Lending Services


Raymond James Bank




Cash Management


Capital Access




Cash Sweeps


Raymond James Bank Deposit Program




Raymond James Bank Deposit Program - Affiliated Banks


Participating Banks






Raymond James Trust Sweep Program




Client Interest Program




JPMorgan Money Market Funds




Raymond James Bank with Check Writing




Raymond James International Bank Deposit Program (non-FDIC)






Raymond James Debit Card




Raymond James Credit Card






Margin


Margin Disclosure Statement








Insurance Solutions


Selecting the Right Life Insurance




Long-Term Care Protection




Variable Annuities and Your Retirement




Raymond James Insurance Group






Institutional Services




Private Wealth Services






Why a Raymond James Advisor


Who Our Advisors Serve




Working with a Raymond James Advisor


How to Choose a Financial Advisor






About Raymond James




Client Resources


Cost Basis Reporting




Tax Reporting


H&R Block® Users




TaxAct® Users




TurboTax® Users




Tax Info (Export to Excel)






A Guide to Your Statement


A Guide To Your Raymond James Trade Confirmation






Investor Access Tour


Investor Access Tutorial




Investor Access Mobile






Your Rights & Responsibilities




Client Account Fees & Charges




Market Numbers


Stock & Equity Quote Look-Up




Deposit Rates




Lending Rates






eSignature Resources




Glossary of Terms








Market Commentary & Insights


Economic Commentary


Monthly Economic Outlook




Monthly Economic Calendar






Investment Strategy




Bond Market Commentary & Analysis


Weekly Bond Market Commentary




Fixed Income Market Commentary
















Wealth Management Advice, Products & Services


Sophisticated solutions for a complex world.


Through your Raymond James advisor, you have access to the world-class products and services needed to address even the most complex financial needs. And objective, unbiased advice means recommendations are always in your best interests.

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Your advisor is there for you, your goals, your family and your future. So whatever you are planning for, he or she will be at your side every step of the way to help you navigate a path to the future you envision.
Learn More

Investment Solutions
Your advisor is free to make unbiased recommendations from a broad range of investment products backed by industry-leading research and due diligence. Because choice plays a critical role in planning, both in terms of diversification and as strategies change along with your lifestyle and needs.
Learn More

Financial Retirement & Planning
The best-laid plans are built together, based on your goals, in deep collaboration with your advisor, with a long-term focus on your future. And they are continually monitored and adjusted over time, along with changes in your life and markets.
Learn More

Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Through Raymond James Trust, your advisor can draw from an array of tax, trust and estate planning resources and expertise. So you can create a lasting legacy by passing down not just assets, but the values you hold close.
Learn More

Banking & Lending Services
A complete plan looks at both sides of the ledger. Through Raymond James Bank your advisor has access to a complete suite of banking and lending services to help address all aspects of your financial life.
Learn More

Insurance Solutions
Protecting yourself from the unexpected plays a crucial role in a complete financial plan. We offer a wide array of insurance solutions to help offer reassurance for you, your family and your business.
Learn More

Institutional Services
Our full-service investment banking capabilities provide the deep industry expertise and experience to help take your business to the next level.
Learn More

Private Wealth Services
Raymond James offers a variety of services specifically tailored to the needs of our advisors’ most uniquely successful clients.
Learn More
 

























Commentary & Insights




                                    Lifestyle
                                             &vert; 
July 11, 2017                                
Should you consider a pet trust?
The name may evoke stories of heirs and heiresses setting aside enormous sums for their pets, but these trusts aren’t just for millionaires.
Read More





                                    Goal Planning
                                             &vert; 
June 27, 2017                                
Set new goals in summer
With several financial deadlines behind you, take time this summer to review your progress, set new goals and tie up loose ends. 
Read More





                                    Retirement
                                             &vert; 
July 7, 2017                                
Are you ready for an encore career?
More and more Americans are going back to work or volunteering after retirement. 
Read More



View All














Find an Advisor


Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.



Enter City, ST or Zip Code






Enter Last Name










 



















Find An Advisor | Raymond James








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor















Find an Advisor 






Search by Location 
Search by Advisor Last Name








Enter City, ST or Zip Code 
Please enter a valid location




Within 25 miles
Within 50 miles
Within 75 miles
Within 100 miles



Find An Advisor










Enter Advisor Last Name 
Please enter a valid last name



Find An Advisor























Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP®, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and federally registered CFP (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board's initial and ongoing certification requirements.


Investment Management Consultants Association is the owner of the certification mark "CIMA®," the service marks "Certified Investment Management AnalystSM," "Investment Management Consultants AssocationSM," and "IMCA®." Use of CIMA® or Certified Investment Management AnalystSM signifies that the user has successfully completed IMCA's initial and ongoing credentialing requirements for investment management consultants.


Investment Management Consultants Assocation ® (IMCA ®) is the owner of the certification marks "CPWA ®" and "Certified Private Wealth Advisor ®". Use of the CPWA ® or Certified Private Wealth Advisor ® signifies that the user has successfully completed IMCA's initial and ongoing credentialing requirements for wealth advisors.





 



















Find An Advisor | Raymond James








































Find an Advisor
Connect with a Raymond James advisor or office near you.




Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor






What Are You Planning For?

Growing My Wealth
Preserving My Wealth
Planning for Retirement
Providing for Family
Managing My Estate
Growing My Business



Advice, Products & Services

Working with a Raymond James Advisor
Investment Solutions
Financial & Retirement Planning
Estate, Charitable Giving & Trust Services
Banking & Lending Services
Insurance Solutions
Institutional Services
Private Wealth Services



Why a Raymond James Advisor

Who Our Advisors Serve
Working with a Raymond James Advisor
About Raymond James
Client Resources



Market Commentary & Insights

Economic Commentary
Investment Strategy
Bond Market Commentary & Analysis





Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management









Raymond James Accolades
The strength of Raymond James is reflected in both these ongoing accomplishments and in the consistent recognition we receive from our industry and our peers.
Grow With Us





Investment Banking

Industries of Focus
Capabilities & Coverage Areas
Transaction History
News & Insights
Leadership Team



Public Finance

Specialty Areas
Capabilities
Locations
Industry Insight
News



Equity Capital Markets

Equity Research
Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Corporate Access
Corporate & Executive Services
Equity-Linked Securities
Conferences & Events



Fixed Income Capital Markets

eFolio®
Institutional Sales
Trading
Research & Strategies



Depository Institution Services

Fixed Income Capital Markets
Investment Banking
Equity Sales, Trading & Syndicate
Equity Research
Wealth Management & Trust
Tax Credit Funds
Raymond James Bank



Additional Institutional Services

Eagle Asset Management
Institutional Consulting Services
Merchant Banking
Raymond James Bank
Tax Credit Funds
Wealth Management Services for Depositories





Corporations & Institutions
Together we take a strategic approach to capital markets, backed by the strength of full-service offerings and broad and deep industry expertise.
Explore Corporations & Institutions









Contact an AdvisorChoice® Consultant
 Have a confidential conversation with our recruiters about what your business would look like as an advisor at Raymond James.
Ready To Learn More?





Partner with Us


Affiliation Options

Traditional Employee
Alex. Brown
Independent Employee
Independent Advisor
Independent RIA
Bank & Credit Union Advisors
Custody & Clearing
New Advisors
Hybrid RIA



Resources & Support

Technology
Products
Services
Diversity & Networks



Practice Insights


In the News

Press Releases



Contact Us

Talk to a Recruiter
Join Raymond James





Advisor Opportunities
Our advisors are viewed as clients of the firm, which means we provide world-class resources and support to help run their business on their terms.
Explore Advisor Opportunities









About Raymond James
No matter the business, we believe if we do what’s right for clients, we’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own. It’s that simple.
Learn More





About Us

Values, Mission & Pledge
Company History
Leadership Team
Social Responsibility
Accolades
Subsidiaries
Art Collection
Raymond James Stadium®
By the Numbers



Careers

Why Raymond James
Advisor Opportunities
Experienced Professionals
Students & Recent Grads
Diversity & Inclusion
Getting Hired
Department Descriptions
All Access - Careers Blog



Investors

Calendar of Events
Financial Reports
Earnings
RJF Stock Information
Analysts Covering RJF
Corporate Governance
Shareholders' Meeting
Presentations & Webcasts



News & Media

Press Releases
Media Kit
TV & Radio Capabilities
Financial Highlights
Investment & Economic Experts



Contact Us

Map & Directions
Client Assistance with Investor Access
Shareholders' and Other Interested Parties for Our Board of Directors
All Other Inquiries





Careers at Raymond James
Our associates are more than the heart and soul of our firm – they’re the key to its continued success.
Take Your Next Step











Investor Access
Discover the ease and convenience of having online access to your Raymond James accounts.

Contact Us / FAQ 
Privacy / Security
Client Resources



Broad Scope, Deep Coverage 
Raymond James’ equity research is a cornerstone of the organization.  Raymond James and its affiliates in Canada and Europe employ more than 70 research analysts who cover nearly 1,300 companies in nine highly focused industries.


eFolio®
The only truly interactive portfolio management system for financial institutions, eFolio allows you to interact with your portfolio online -- sorting, strategies, inventories, research, swaps and more.


Commission Management



Client Login

Questions?
Call us:
24 x 7 global phone support


Email us:
support@intralinks.com







Investor Access
Equity Research
eFolio
Commission Management
Tax Credit Funds





Enter Your Login ID



Enter Your Password




Enroll In Investor Access 


Remember Login ID




Forgot 
Login ID						or 
						 
Password? 
|

Login Help



 Login
Login
Login
Login












Enter Search Terms












Wealth Management
Your Raymond James advisor will help you prepare for life’s major financial milestones and every moment in between.
Explore Wealth Management 





Enter City, ST or Zip Code



Enter Last Name

Find An Advisor















Find an Advisor 






Search by Location 
Search by Advisor Last Name








Enter City, ST or Zip Code 
Please enter a valid location




Within 25 miles
Within 50 miles
Within 75 miles
Within 100 miles



Find An Advisor










Enter Advisor Last Name 
Please enter a valid last name



Find An Advisor























Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP®, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and federally registered CFP (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board's initial and ongoing certification requirements.


Investment Management Consultants Association is the owner of the certification mark "CIMA®," the service marks "Certified Investment Management AnalystSM," "Investment Management Consultants AssocationSM," and "IMCA®." Use of CIMA® or Certified Investment Management AnalystSM signifies that the user has successfully completed IMCA's initial and ongoing credentialing requirements for investment management consultants.


Investment Management Consultants Assocation ® (IMCA ®) is the owner of the certification marks "CPWA ®" and "Certified Private Wealth Advisor ®". Use of the CPWA ® or Certified Private Wealth Advisor ® signifies that the user has successfully completed IMCA's initial and ongoing credentialing requirements for wealth advisors.





 







