

	GREEN WORLD PATH Trademark of Nielsen, Raymond. Serial Number: 85884020 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Chemical Products
GREEN WORLD PATH










 
Get FREE email alerts













GREEN WORLD PATH  Trademark Information
 Nielsen, Raymond
Fertilizers
Herbicides, insecticides, pesticides and fungicides for home, garden and lawn use and for professional use




Perfect for these industries

Chemical Products
Pharmaceutical Products





Words that describe this mark
fertilizers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the GREEN WORLD PATH trademark by Nielsen, Raymond 
                                in Brooksville, FL, 34601.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this GREEN WORLD PATH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Nielsen, Raymond of the GREEN WORLD PATH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the GREEN WORLD PATH trademark.
                           






On Friday, March 22, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        GREEN WORLD PATH by 
                        Nielsen, Raymond, Brooksville, FL  34601.
                        The USPTO has given the GREEN WORLD PATH 
                        trademark serial  number of  85884020.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for GREEN WORLD PATH is 
                        
                        
                                            NIELSEN, RAYMOND of 
                                            NIELSEN, RAYMOND,  1665 DONTO WAY, BROOKSVILLE, FL 34601-3036 
                                .
                            The GREEN WORLD PATH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Chemical Products
                                , 
                                    Pharmaceutical Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for GREEN WORLD PATH 
                            is Fertilizers. 
                            





Word mark:
 GREEN WORLD PATH


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

2/27/2014






  Serial Number:  
85884020


  Filing Date:  
3/22/2013


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Fertilizers


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Nielsen, RaymondBrooksville, FL  34601
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


NIELSEN, RAYMOND
NIELSEN, RAYMOND
1665 DONTO WAY
BROOKSVILLE, FL 34601-3036






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (001) - Chemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry; unprocessed artificial resins; unprocessed plastics; manures; fire extinguishing compositions; tempering and soldering preparations; chemical substances for preserving foodstuffs; tanning substances; adhesives used in industry. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/10/2007


First Use In Commerce: 
6/2/2007




Primary Class: 
 Class (005) - Pharmaceutical and veterinary preparations; sanitary preparations for medical purposes; dietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babies; plasters, materials for dressings; material for stopping teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides. 


First Use Anywhere: 
5/10/2007


First Use In Commerce: 
6/2/2007





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your GREEN WORLD PATH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/27/2014
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



NIELSEN, RAYMOND


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of GREEN WORLD PATH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search greenworldpath on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for GREEN WORLD PATH 




GREEN WORLD PATH is providing Fertilizers.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















	Equipment Movers by Raymond Products






























Sitemap
News
Resources
Contact Us






















                                            Items: 0 | 
                                            View Cart








1-800-328-5443









Home





About Us



Products



Catalog



FAQ'S



Industries Served



Shipping/Policies



Why Raymond Products








History





Made in the USA













Dollies & Caddies





Caster Brakes





Pipe Racks





Table & Chair Moving Equipment





Desk Moving Equipment





Panel & Sheet Moving Equipment





Platform Trucks





V-Shaped Book Carts





Forearm Forklift Moving Straps





Tables & Chairs





Bike Racks





New Products - Moving Equipment





Replacement Casters and Parts













Download PDF





Sign Up For E-Catalog













Schools and Universities





Churches





Moving Companies





Hotels





Convention Centers





Industrial and Commercial





Offices


















Home → Home
                




Search:  





Product Categories


Dollies & Caddies
Caster Brakes
Pipe Racks
Table & Chair Moving Equipment
Desk Moving Equipment
Panel & Sheet Moving Equipment
Platform Trucks
V-Shaped Book Carts
Forearm Forklift Moving Straps
Tables & Chairs
Bike Racks
New Products - Moving Equipment
Replacement Casters and Parts

































WELCOME TO
RAYMOND PRODUCTS MOVING EQUIPMENT
Based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Raymond Products has been manufacturing specialty material handling equipment and Moving Equipment for over 50 years. Our emphasis on quality and service assures you of a product that will serve your needs for many years.
You will find our specialty moving equipment including Raymond dollies in most major corporations, institutions and schools across the country. Whether you need to move a desk, file cabinet or hundreds of chairs and tables, we have the product to make your job easier. For the moving industry, our panel movers have become a standard.
Always demand Raymond "Quality" Moving Equipment Products. Accept no substitutes!!!








Table & Chair Moving Equipment








Round Folding Table Movers


Hanging Folding Chair Storage Trucks


Hanging Folding Chair & Table Storage Truck


Folding/Stacked Chair Dollies & Totes


Table Toters










Desk Moving Equipment








Desk Lifts


Desk Lift Attachments


File Dollies


Student Desk & Chair Movers










Panel & Sheet Moving Equipment








Waterfall/Cross-Braced Panel/Sheet Movers


Panel Movers with Extra Tall Uprights


Heavy Duty Panel/Sheet Movers


Optional Brake Kits
















Tables & Chairs








Folding Chairs


Stack Chairs


Ultra-Lite Banquet Tables


Folding Tables










All Purpose Dollies & Caddies










 









              Industries Served
            







Schools & Universities
Churches
Hotels
Conference Centers








New Products - Moving Equipment







Folding Chair Dolly
HD Narrow - P/S Mover- 2 Fixed, 2 Swivel 5" Phenolic
HD Narrow - P/S Mover-All Swivel 5" Phenolic
HD Narrow - P/S Mover-2 Fixed, 2 Swivel 5" Phenolic
HD Narrow - P/S Mover-All Swivel 5" Phenolic

                    More...
                  















SHOP
WHAT'S NEW
GO GREEN
MY ACCOUNT




Churches
Schools
Moving Companies
Convention Centers
Hotels
Industrial & Commercial
Offices




Products
Custom Manufacturing
Make Your Life Easier




Download PDF Catalog
GO GREEN! Please change my print catalog status, I want to respect the enviroment.




Sign-in / Register
Order Status











Home |
            About Us |
            Products |
            Catalog |
            FAQ's |
            Industries Served |
            Shipping |
            Why Raymond Products |
            Sitemap |
            News |
            Resources |
            Contact Us


© Raymond Products 2010. All Rights Reserved.   951 East Hennepin Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55414 800-328-5443
Powered by Brandspring Solutions




















Powered by shopping cart





News | Bridge Bancorp, Inc. Names Raymond A. Nielsen New Director



























Home
Locations & ATMs
Investor Relations
Your Security
Careers
Contact Us
















Your Business



Business Checking
Business Loans & Mortgages
Cash Management
Merchant Services
Title Insurance Services
Foreign Exchange Services
Equipment Financing & Leasing
Municipal Banking
SBA Lending
Online Banking & Bill Pay




Your Life



Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Personal Loans & Mortgages
Bridge Financial Services
Safe Deposit Boxes
Bridge Mobile Banking
Online Banking & Bill Pay
Order Checks
Title Insurance Services




Our Tools



Online Banking & Bill Pay
Locations/ATMs
Security & Fraud Protection
Order Checks
FAQs
Calculators




Our Story
							


About Us
Investor Relations
What Our Customers Are Saying
News & Promotions
Contact Us
Careers




Our Community
							


The BNB Commitment
Events
Business Scholars Program
Sponsorships & Grants








Our Story

About Us
Investor Relations
What Our Customers Are Saying

News & Promotions

Newest
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012


Contact Us
Careers


What Our Customers Say
"I became a BNB customer around 1990 because BNB shares our company's vision for growth and has provided the financing that we need to achieve it."
James Grimes
Fort Pond Native Plants / James Grimes Land Design, President 
	



Bridgehampton National Bank
News & Promotions


Bridge Bancorp, Inc. Names Raymond A. Nielsen New Director
November 4, 2013

(Bridgehampton, NY – November 4, 2013) Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") (NASDAQ®:BDGE), the holding company for The Bridgehampton National Bank (BNB), announced today that its Board of Directors has appointed Raymond ("Randy") A. Nielsen, formerly CEO of Reliance Federal Savings Bank, Herald National Bank, and a 43 year veteran of the banking industry, to  serve as a Director of Bridge Bancorp, Inc. and its banking subsidiary, The Bridgehampton National Bank.  
"Randy's depth of experience in all areas of banking, from his leadership of a major institution, through acquisitions, compliance and regulatory issues provides us with a valuable resource," commented Marcia Z. Hefter, the Company's chairperson. "He is an important addition to our institution, and his appointment continues to position us well for growth," Ms. Hefter added. 
Mr. Nielsen is a multi-faceted executive, who has spent his entire career in banking, first with Reliance Federal Savings Bank and its holding company, Reliance Bancorp, Inc., where he held the positions of CEO, President and Director.  Additionally he served as a director of North Fork Bancorporation and its subsidiary North Fork Bank for 6 years and during that time sat on the Strategic Planning Committee and chaired the Compensation and Stock Committee as well as the Audit Committee and also served as lead independent director.   He most recently served as Chairman and CEO of Herald National Bank.  Mr. Nielsen attended C.W. Post School of Business Administration and has completed the U.S. League of Savings Institutions Leaders School at University of Connecticut, as well as the School of Executive Development at the University of Oklahoma.  He is a resident of Lloyd Harbor, New York. 
Bridge Bancorp, Inc. is a one bank holding company engaged in commercial banking and financial services through its wholly owned subsidiary, The Bridgehampton National Bank (BNB) established in 1910, the Bank with assets of over $1.7 billion, operates 23 retail branch locations throughout Suffolk County, New York.  A recent acquisition with FNBNY will add 3 branches, two in Nassau County.  Through the branch network and electronic delivery channels, the Bank provides deposit and loan products and financial services to local businesses, consumers and municipalities. Title insurance services are offered through our subsidiary, Bridge Abstract and investments through Bridge Investment Services. 
The Bridgehampton National Bank has a rich tradition of involvement in the community through its support of programs and initiatives that promote local business, the environment, education, healthcare, social services and the arts.










Quick Links:

Business Bill Pay
FAQs
Calculators
Order Checks
Verify Insurance




Bridgehampton National Bank

2200 Montauk Highway
							P.O Box 3005
Bridgehampton, 
							NY
11932
631.537.1000



Privacy Policy
FDIC Update

©2016 Bridgehampton National Bank.


Your Business

Checking
Business Loans & Mortgages
Cash Management
Merchant Services
Title Services



Your Life

Checking
Savings
Personal Loans & Mortgages
Safe Deposit Boxes






Find your closest branch or ATM





Lost or stolen debit card:
800.472.3272


					  	
						Equal Opportunity Lender
						








 



































































        What People Watch, Listen To and Buy | Nielsen
    




























































































































X
























MENU















































 




the science behind What's next™
Play video









When the world asks, "What's next?" you'll have the answer.
The right data can mean the difference between guessing and knowing. Nielsen's data is backed by real science, so you won't have to wonder what's next—you'll know.





When the world asks, "What's next?" you'll have the answer.
The right data can mean the difference between guessing and knowing. Nielsen's data is backed by real science, so you won't have to wonder what's next—you'll know.






The Nielsen Next
See what's next from some of Nielsen's top thinkers.







Jackie Nyanjom >
Managing Director, East Africa




Molly Poppie >
VP, Data Science




Mainak Mazumdar >
Chief Research Officer

















Jackie Nyanjom >
Managing Director, East Africa





Molly Poppie >
VP, Data Science





Arun Ramaswamy >
Nielsen Chief Engineer














Thought Leadership











The Total Consumer Report
Growth in the U.S. FMCG and retail landscape isn’t where it used to be. Growth is still there. It’s just happening in many, new places.
Read more >










Capitalizing on Health & Wellness Trends
How we think about health is changing. And in today's tight retail environment, tapping into these wellness trends is helping brands stand out.
Read more >










2016 Social Media Report
There's no denying the massive impact of social media, but the way people connect—with content, brands and each other—is evolving.
Read more >









Solutions



Nielsen Total Audience
For media companies and agencies:
Plan, activate and measure with confidence.

Read more
 >




Nielsen Marketing Cloud
For advertisers, agencies and media companies:
Make your digital advertising personal.

Read more
 >




Nielsen Connected System
For FMCG manufacturers and retailers:
Sync your entire business and take action.

Read more
 >















































RAYMOND NIELSEN - FREDERICK, MD - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



FREDERICK



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            RAYMOND NIELSEN
                                    



 





















R 


RAYMOND NIELSEN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9495 BARTGIS CT FREDERICK, MD 21702
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $79,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts RAYMOND NIELSEN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001, Raymond Nielsen has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Frederick. Raymond Nielsen has estimated annual revenues of $79,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.








































































        Product Development | Breakthrough Product Opportunities | Nielsen
    

























































X
























MENU











































Solutions














Product Development

Our leading-edge development strategies put your product offerings in prime position to succeed.

















Innovate for Growth
We all know how important innovation is to drive growth in consumer products companies. However, less than 0.5% of all new products that launch achieve enduring breakthrough performance. How do you rise to the top?
Nielsen helps you consistently achieve better innovation outcomes, faster and more efficiently. We offer solutions for every stage of the innovation process—from identifying profitable unmet opportunities and screening and optimizing concepts to testing products and package designs, accurately forecasting sales and optimizing pricing and product line assortment.
We bring you more than 35 years of BASES heritage as the gold standard in forecasting and predicting in-market success, an extensive database of success norms based on 200,000 global tests and 2,000 validations and consistent methodology and harmonization across 68 markets. Through our acquisition of Affinnova, these benefits are now enhanced by industry-leading collaboration and optimization tools, and a modern, fast, all-digital platform– all to help you make smarter decisions.
Our approach:

Identify profitable unmet opportunities with The Cambridge Group.
Optimize initiatives, evaluate the likelihood of in-market success and forecast within 9% accuracy of year one sales with our industry leading BASES solutions.
Find the best concept and package design for your product by evaluating and testing countless options simultaneously with Nielsen Optimizer. Our optimized concepts perform 4.4x better.
Understand if your current packaging is helping or hurt your product and develop better package designs quickly using Nielsen Category Design Audit and Nielsen Design Navigator.
Ensure you’ve got the right products on shelf at the right price with Assortment & Shelf and Trade Promotions.
Understand consumers’ subconscious to see how they respond to new product concepts and packaging with Consumer Neuroscience.












 Nielsen’s work with ball park led to breakthrough discoveries and helped us build strategies that were a radical departure from the past. The company’s consumer-centric approach helped us drive growth and gain the no. 1 standing in the hot dog category. 


-Philippe Schaillee
Chief Marketing Officer of Sara Lee North America Retail / Foodservice




 Interested in learning more? Contact Us










How We Do It





 The Cambridge Group

Grow your business by keeping one step ahead of consumer demand.






 Consumer Neuroscience

Understand consumers’ subconscious to see how they respond to new product concepts and packaging.





 Innovation Analytics
In order to achieve breakthrough innovation success, you need to know which aspects of your products work and which don’t, before you launch. We can help you determine through a consultative approach that illuminates how to capitalize on features that are outstanding and fix those that aren’t.






 Nielsen Design Solutions

Understand how consumers view your packaging and develop new package designs that help your brand better stand out and drive purchase.









find THE RIGHT SOLUTION FOR YOUR BUSINESS Contact Us
















































Nielsen Loves 'Raymond'


























































 

               



















 People


close



Subscribe


Stay Connected


Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat


Subscribe
Print Magazine
All Access
Premium Free Trial
Gift Box Offer
Give a Gift
Buy Current Issue
Customer Service

Advertise With Us
Online
Magazine

Learn More
More Special Offers
Mobile Apps
Sitemap
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Service
Ad Choices


Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



Skip to content




 





Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat














 








CelebrityNielsen Loves 'Raymond'By Stephen M. Silverman•@stephenmsilvermPosted on June 11, 1998 at 12:00am EDT 
ShareTweetEmail 





 



With an average of 20.4 million viewers on Monday nights, the 5-season-old CBS sitcom “Everybody Loves Raymond,” starring Ray Romano, is leaving the once top-rated “Friends” and “Frasier” in the dust, according to the Nielsen ratings. The showing represents a 21% leap from “Raymond” ‘s 16.9 million viewers last season and is second only to the 24.6 million who watch “ER.” (The figure also slightly edges out “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire”). “Friends,” meanwhile, is averaging 20 million viewers (a drop of 2%), a number likely to decline even further once the sequel to “Survivor” is launched against it on Feb. 1. “Frasier,” which has been shifted to Tuesdays (from Thursdays), is pulling in 18.4 million viewers, down 11% from last season. In addition, “Raymond,” the numbers show, even performs well in reruns. (The rating is the percentage of the nation’s estimated 102.2 million TV homes. Each ratings point represents 1,022,000 households.) The Top 10 for Dec. 25-31: 
 1. “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” (Tuesday), ABC, 12.1, 12.3 million homes 
 2. “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” (Wednesday), ABC, 11.8, 12.1 million homes 
 3. “NFL Monday Night Football: Dallas at Tennessee,” ABC, 11.0, 11.2 million homes 
 4. “Friends,” NBC, 10.5, 10.8 million homes 
 5. “Fox NFC Wildcard Post Game: Tampa Bay at Philadelphia,” Fox, 10.2, 10.5 million homes 
 6. “Law and Order,” NBC, 9.9, 10.2 million homes 
 7. “Who Wants to Be a Millionaire” (Thursday), ABC, 9.4, 9.6 million homes 
 8. “ER,” NBC, 9.2, 9.4 million homes 
 9. “Will & Grace,” NBC, 9.0, 9.2 million homes
 10. “The West Wing,” NBC, 8.7, 8.9 million homes 


Show Full Article








Most Popular





 
1
Million Dollar Listing L.A. Star David Parnes Marries Adrian Abnosi in Gorgeous French Villa








 
2
From Foster Care to Girls Trip Star: Tiffany Haddish's Amazing Real-Life Story








 
3
Elton John Says Prince Harry Inherited Diana's 'Incredible' Gift of Making People Feel 'Everything Was Great'








 
4
‘Good Swaddling, Serena!’ Pregnant Williams and Fiancé Alexis Ohanian Take ‘Baby Class’







 
5
Catfish's Nev Shulman and His New Bride Frolic in the Ocean After Their Nuptials














				See Also			




























Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
















































































































































 





Raymond Louis Nielsen - Albertson, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Raymond Louis Nielsen in Albertson, NY


Raymond Louis Nielsen

                                                                           Intelius found that Raymond Louis Nielsen  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Albertson, NY.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Raymond Patrici Nielsen
Ray  Nielsen


Get Report Now

Age

Raymond Louis Nielsen is in his 90s

Raymond Has Lived In

Albertson, NY
Roslyn, NY
Ronkonkoma, NY

Raymond's Relatives

Margaret O'Neill
Patricia Nielsen







Raymond Louis Nielsen



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at World Products Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Raymond? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Raymond, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Raymond Louis Nielsen
Get a Criminal Check on Raymond Louis Nielsen
Get a Public Record Report on Raymond Louis Nielsen
Get a People Search Report on Raymond Louis Nielsen


Raymond Louis Nielsen's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Raymond Louis Nielsen has lived as well as Raymond Louis Nielsen's phone numbers and email addresses.




Raymond Louis Nielsen Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Raymond Louis Nielsen


7 W******** L* 

Albertson, NY


Has Lived In

Albertson, NY
Roslyn, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Raymond Louis Nielsen

(516) ***-**** - Albertson, NY 
(631) ***-**** - Ronkonkoma, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Raymond Louis Nielsen

r*********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Raymond Louis Nielsen's Professional Information
Information regarding Raymond Louis Nielsen's professional history.  Find out previous places Raymond Louis Nielsen has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Raymond Louis Nielsen Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: World Products Inc
               Title: President
Raymond Louis Nielsen's Experience
Title: President
               Company: World Products Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Raymond Louis Nielsen

 See Raymond Louis Nielsen's LinkedIn Profile



Raymond Louis Nielsen's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Raymond Louis Nielsen


Raymond Louis Nielsen's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Raymond Louis Nielsen's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Raymond Nielsen
Username Matches

                  RaymondNielsen
                  NielsenRaymond
                  Raymond.Nielsen
                  Nielsen.Raymond
                  Raymond_Nielsen
                  Nielsen_Raymond
                  Raymond-Nielsen
                  Nielsen-Raymond
                  RNielsen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Nielsen







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











