

Kathi Niffenegger                                                                                                        - San Luis Obispo                                   , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Luis Obispo



Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping



Accounting, Auditing, And Bookkeeping



                            Kathi Niffenegger
                                    



 





















K 


Kathi Niffenegger                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1150 PALM ST SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 93401
Get Directions



(805) 544-1441
www.gbpb.com                                                                                            





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $97,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Accounting, Auditing, And Bookkeeping
 Contacts Kathi Niffenegger                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Kathi Niffenegger                                                                                                        is located at 1150 Palm St in San Luis Obispo and has been in the business of Accounting, Auditing, And Bookkeeping since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














    Kathi Niffenegger | Stellar Biotechnologies Inc | ZoomInfo.com












 













 













 










































 


Management Team :: Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. (SBOT)














 










Sign up for Email Alerts












Home
About Stellar
Leadership










Management Team








Frank R. Oakes
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer


Mr. Oakes has more than 40 years of management experience in aquaculture including a decade as CEO of The Abalone Farm, Inc., during which he led that company through the R&D, capitalization and commercialization phases of development to become the first profitable and largest abalone producer in the U.S.. He is the inventor of the company's patented method for non-lethal extraction of hemolymph from the keyhole limpet. He was the Principal Investigator on the company's Phase I and II SBIR grants from the NIH's Center for Research Resources, NSF grant, and a California Technology Investment Partnership (CalTIP) grant from the Department of Commerce. He has consulted and lectured for the aquaculture industry around the world. Frank received his Bachelor of Science degree from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo and is a graduate of the Los Angeles Regional Technology Alliance (LARTA) University's management-training program. 





Kathi Niffenegger, CPA
Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary


Ms. Niffenegger has more than 30 years of experience in accounting and finance in a range of industries. She currently holds the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary, having previously served as Stellar’s outside CPA since the Company’s founding in 1999 and Controller since 2012. Ms. Niffenegger was previously technical partner in the audit division of Glenn Burdette CPAs, obtained CFO experience at Martin Aviation, and began her CPA career at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co. (now KPMG LLP). She held leadership roles for audits of manufacturing, aquaculture, pharmaceutical, and governmental grant clients, and developed specific expertise in cost accounting systems and internal controls. Ms. Niffenegger holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from California State University, Long Beach. 





Gary Koppenjan
Senior Director of Investor Relations and Communications


Mr. Koppenjan has more than 20 years of experience in corporate communications, marketing, and investor relations. Most recently, he led investor relations for a public life science company that was acquired by a large conglomerate. Previously, he held various marketing and communications positions at a global crop science company. During his career, Koppenjan has received multiple advertising and public relations awards for product introduction campaigns and stakeholder outreach. He is a past member of the Biotechnology Industry Organization's communications committee and the California Department of Food and Agriculture's Technical Advisory Committee. Koppenjan is a graduate of the University of California at Los Angeles. 





Gregory T. Baxter, Ph.D.
Executive Vice President of Corporate Development


Dr. Baxter is a published author and holds over 20 patents on various aspects of molecular biology and biochemistry, and has served as an executive and scientist for several biotechnology corporations and foundations. Since 2001, he has been a Senior Scientist in the Department of Clinical Drug Development for CCS Associates, Inc. He also serves as Adjunct Associate Professor at Cornell University in the College of Chemical Engineering and on the Founders Board of Stanford University's StartX Med Program. Dr. Baxter's background spans both science and business arenas including Program Director for the National Science Foundation (NSF) Division of Industrial Innovation and Partnerships; Founder and CSO of Hurel Corporation; Founder and CEO of Aegen Biosciences; and Research Scientists for Molecular Devices Corporation. Dr. Baxter received his PhD in Biochemistry/Molecular Biology from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 
 

 Connect with Us







 

Featured Content

Investors Snapshot of recent activity

                            IR Overview                        


Sign Up for Email Alerts Receive breaking news first!

                    Sign Up                
 



 



Kathi Niffenegger – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending November 8, 2013
Posted on November 11, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Amtrak
IBM 
Humana Inc. 


Armstrong World Industries, Inc.
Tofutti Brands Inc.
GSE Holding, Inc.


International Market Centers, L.P.
Approach Resources Inc. 
Aricent


Workmen’s Auto Insurance Company
Voxware
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. 


A.P. Pharma, Inc.
Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc.
PolyOne Corporation 


ACE Cash Express, Inc. 
Trimble 
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. 


Xirrus
TransMedics, Inc. 
Mettler-Toledo International Inc.


LHC Group, Inc. 
Core Molding Technologies, Inc. 
TPG Specialty Lending, Inc.


Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.
Wynn Resorts, Limited 
Exa Corporation


Ambient Corporation 
II-VI Incorporated 
Infor


CodeSmart Holdings, Inc. 
First Busey Corporation 
DTE Energy 


VIVUS, Inc. 
Responsys, Inc. 
MasTec, Inc. 


Fifth Third Bancorp 
QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC 
LMI Aerospace, Inc.


Black Diamond, Inc. 
Remark Media, Inc.
Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. 


BBCN Bancorp, Inc. 
AirSage
McCloud Services



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Amtrak named Gerald Sokol, Jr., as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective Dec. 3. Since mid-2011, Sokol served as President and CEO of Vertis Corporation, and he was Vertis’ Chief Financial Officer during 2010. His prior work experience encompassed several leadership roles at AOL including: Executive Vice President AOL Access Finance, Operations and Strategy (2004-2009); Executive Vice President, AOL International Finance and Operations (2002-2004); and Senior Vice President AOL International Finance and Operations (1999-2002). He also spent three years (1997-1999) at NTN Communications, Inc., as CFO, then as President and CEO as well as Acting Chairman of the Board. He also spent several years at Tele-Communications, Inc. (1987-1996), in various positions including his final position as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.
International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) announced that Mark Loughridge, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Finance and Enterprise Transformation, will retire at the end of 2013. Loughridge joined IBM in 1977 as a development engineer, and has held various management positions in finance, strategic planning, and engineering.  Loughridge was named IBM’s CFO in 2004, and has the longest tenure of any IBM CFO in its 102-year history. Martin J. Schroeter will succeed Loughridge, effective January 1, 2014.  Schroeter is currently General Manager, IBM Global Financing, and served as IBM Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. He previously held a number of business and financial leadership positions including several roles in Asia Pacific.
Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) announced that Steven E. McCulley, currently Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer, has been elected by the company’s Board of Directors as Interim Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2014. As previously announced, James H. Bloem, currently Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer will retire from that position December 31, 2013. Effective with this transition, McCulley will assume all the responsibilities currently held by Bloem until a Chief Financial Officer has been elected. Bloem was also elected as Advisor to the Office of Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2014.
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (NYSE: AWI) announced that Thomas Mangas has been appointed Chief Executive Officer upon the retirement of the current CEO, Frank Ready. Mr. Mangas has served as chief financial officer of Armstrong since February 2010, leading Finance as well as Information Technology, Global Business Services and Process Improvement. David Schulz succeeds Mr. Mangas as CFO. Mr. Schulz most recently served as vice president, Finance of Armstrong Building Products. He joined Armstrong in June 2011 after spending 14 years with Procter & Gamble and the J.M. Smucker Company in a wide range of finance leadership positions.
Toffuti Brands Inc. (NYSE: TOF) elected Joseph N. Himy to serve as a member of the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of shareholders and was appointed to the Audit Committee. Mr. Himy has been Managing Director of The CFO Squad, a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced CFO advisory and regulatory consulting services primarily for public companies, since August 2011.  From May 2008 until August 2011, Mr. Himy was Chief Financial Officer of Vyteris, Inc..  Prior to May 2008 and from October 2004, Mr. Himy held various other positions at Vyteris, including Corporate Controller and VP of Finance.
GSE Holding, Inc. (NYSE: GSE) announced that Daniel Storey has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for GSE.  Mr. Storey had served as Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of GSE since May of this year.  Prior to joining GSE, Mr. Storey served in numerous senior management positions within Hewlett Packard’s global accounting network.  Mr. Storey will replace Michael Kirksey who has accepted a new position with another company and will resign from GSE.  
International Market Centers, L.P. announced that William F. Lacey has joined the company as chief financial officer (CFO). Most recently, Lacey was an executive vice president/CFO for GSE. Prior to that, he held the position of senior vice president/CFO for Animal Health. He also held senior financial positions with Rawlings, a sporting goods manufacturing and distribution company. Lacey assumes the role of CFO at IMC, formerly held by Kathy Venezia, who has been with International Market Centers since the company’s inception in May 2011. Venezia will stay with IMC through the end of the year to assist with Lacey’s transition.
Approach Resources Inc. (NASDAQ: AREX)  announced that Sergei Krylov, Managing Director at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, has been named to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Krylov will assume the position from Steven P. Smart, who has been with the Company since its inception in 2002, and Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Mr. Smart announced his intention to retire from the Company effective December 31, 2013. Mr. Krylov, 36, brings over 13 years of oil and gas industry finance experience from J.P. Morgan’s Energy Investment Banking group. Mr. Krylov’s employment with the Company will begin upon his satisfaction of certain conditions of his prior employment, which is expected to be on or before January 2, 2014.
Aricent announced the appointment of Ilya Cantor as its new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Cantor will join the company on November 15th. Cantor replaces former CFO Mick Lopez, who will leave the company after helping with the transition. Cantor’s most recent position was at EPAM Systems, Inc., where he was CFO, a role he held since 2006. Prior to EPAM, Cantor spent seven years in a variety of financial and operational positions at Dow Jones, starting as the Group Finance Director of WSJ International (1999 to 2003) before becoming CFO of the Wall Street Journal (2003 to 2006). In his final position at Dow Jones, he served as Executive Director of Operations of the Wall Street Journal. Before joining Dow Jones in 1999, Cantor was the CFO of Independent Media (now Independent Media – Sanoma), a leading publishing house based in Moscow, Russia, and also worked as an Audit Manager with Coopers & Lybrand (now PriceWaterhouseCoopers) in Moscow.
Workmen’s Auto Insurance Company named Denise M. Tyson to be its President. Ms. Tyson joined Workmen’s in 2004 as Executive Vice President and CFO. Ms. Tyson spent the first 13 years of her insurance career in Public Accounting at KPMG and continued at PwC as an auditor and consultant. In 2000, she left Public Accounting and since then has worked in executive level positions for several insurance companies. Ms. Tyson was a Los Angeles Business Journal “CFO of the Year” Nominee in 2013 and 2009.
Voxware announced that Roger Maloch has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Voxware, Roger served as CFO for technology organizations ranging in size from startups to $1.5 billion in revenue. His recent CFO experience includes Aderant Holdings and Fidelity Information Services.
Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. (NYSE: WDR) announced that Daniel P. Connealy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire from the position of Chief Financial Officer upon the filing of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Mr. Connealy intends to continue his employment with the company in a non-executive role through June 2014 to assist in the transition of his responsibilities. Mr. Connealy joined the company in 2004. The Board intends to appoint Brent K. Bloss to succeed Mr. Connealy as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bloss is currently Senior Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer and has served in various finance and accounting roles since joining the company in 2002. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Bloss served as Senior Audit Manager with KPMG LLP. 
A.P. Pharma, Inc. (OTC: APPA.OB) announced the appointment of Brian Drazba as vice president of finance and chief financial officer. Most recently, he was vice president of finance and chief accounting officer for ISTA Pharmaceuticals Inc. From 1992 to 2006, Mr. Drazba held positions of increasing responsibility within Insight Health Corp. (American Health Services Corp.), including senior vice president and chief accounting officer. Prior to his tenure at Insight Health, Mr. Drazba was employed by Arthur Andersen & Co.
Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. announced that it has promoted Dan Puckett to Chief Financial Officer. Dan Puckett joined Ariosa in September 2011 as Vice President of Finance and Administration.
PolyOne Corporation (NYSE: POL) announced that it has hired Bradley C. Richardson as executive vice president and chief financial officer. For the past four years, Mr. Richardson served as executive vice president and CFO of Diebold, Incorporated.  Prior to Diebold, he served as executive vice president and CFO of Modine Manufacturing Company.  Mr. Richardson began his career at Amoco Corporation, where he ascended in roles of increasing responsibility over a 21-year period, including leadership assignments throughout North America, as well as in Caracas, Venezuela and London, U.K. Mr. Richardson currently serves on the Board of Directors for Brady Corporation and is chair of the audit committee. Mr. Richardson succeeds Richard J. Diemer, Jr., who is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.  
ACE Cash Express, Inc. announced that Susan S. Pressler has been promoted to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Pressler joined ACE in 1996 and, during her tenure, has served in various finance roles including Controller and, most recently, Vice President of Financial Reporting and Internal Audit.
Trimble (NASDAQ: TRMB) announced the appointment of Francois Delepine as its chief financial officer. Delepine joins Trimble from VMware where he is chief financial officer, global business units. Prior to his current role at VMware he served as vice president of finance. Before joining VMware he held senior operating and financial roles at a variety of technology companies including Palm, Google, Hyperion and Apple. Julie Shepard is stepping down from her role as interim CFO. Shepard will return to her role as vice president of finance and chief accounting officer upon Delepine’s start date in early January.
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. (OTC: SBOTF) announced the appointment of Kathi Niffenegger as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Niffenegger began working with Stellar in 1999, as outside CPA. She became Controller for Stellar Biotechnologies in 2012 and assumed the role of Corporate Secretary earlier this year.  Ms. Niffenegger was previously technical partner in the audit division of Glenn Burdette CPAs, obtained CFO experience at Martin Aviation and began her career at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Co. (now KPMG LLP).
Xirrus announced the appointment of George Frie as chief revenue officer (CRO). Frie was most recently chief financial officer at Aerohive Networks. Frie previously held leadership positions NetScreen Technologies. Following a successful IPO, NetScreen Technologies was acquired by Juniper Networks. He later served as chief financial officer and vice president, Asia-Pacific, at Solid Information Technologies which was acquired by IBM.
TransMedics, Inc. announced that Jeffrey E. Young was appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Young served in a number of senior executive roles at Lantheus Medical Imaging, including Chief Financial Officer from 2012 to 2013. Prior to his time with Lantheus, Mr. Young spent three years at Critical Therapeutics, Inc., where he was Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to 2005, he served in a number of roles at PerkinElmer, Inc. Mr. Young’s prior positions included roles within the Capital Markets Group and Transaction Services Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1996 to 2002.
Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (NYSE: MTD) announced that effective January 3, 2014, William Donnelly will be promoted from Chief Financial Officer to the position of Executive Vice President. Shawn Vadala will be promoted from Group Controller and Global Head of Finance & Control to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Donnelly will serve as the company’s principal financial officer, and Mr. Vadala will serve as the company’s principal accounting officer. Messrs. Donnelly and Vadala both joined the company in 1997, with Mr. Donnelly joining as Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Vadala assuming the role of Group Controller in 1998.
LHC Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: LHCG) announced that Peter J. Roman notified the company of his decision to retire as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective end of the business day on December 31, 2013. The company appointed Jeffrey M. Kreger as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective January 1, 2014 upon the retirement of Mr. Roman.  Mr. Kreger has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President of Finance since February 2013 and was previously Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller for Sun Healthcare Group, Inc. where he was employed from 2006 until joining LHC Group.
Core Molding Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: CMT) announced that John P. Zimmer has been appointed Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Core, Mr. Zimmer was Chief Financial Officer of Parex Group USA, Inc. a division of Parex Group. Zimmer also previously served as Chief Financial Officer of The Upper Deck Company, LLC, Vice President Finance for Cardinal Health Pyxis Products, and held senior management roles with SubmitOrder, Inc., Cardinal Health and Deloitte & Touche.
TPG Specialty Lending, Inc. announced the appointment of Alan Kirshenbaum as Chief Financial Officer, replacing John E. Viola. Prior to being named Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Kirshenbaum was a Vice President of the Company since 2011. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Kirshenbaum was Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director of TPG Special Situations Partners (“TSSP”). From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Kirshenbaum was the Chief Financial Officer of Natsource, a private investment firm. Mr. Kirshenbaum was a Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of MainStay Investments from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Kirshenbaum joined Bear Stearns Asset Management (“BSAM”) in 1999 and was BSAM’s Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2006.
Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: FPRX) appointed Marc Belsky to the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to the appointment, Mr. Belsky served as Vice President, Finance.
Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ: WYNN) announced that Matt Maddox, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will assume the additional duties of President of Wynn Resorts. Mr. Maddox joined the Company in 2002 and previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Wynn Resorts, Macau, as well as Senior Vice President of Business Development. Mr. Maddox also serves as an officer on several of the Company’s subsidiaries.
Exa Corporation (NASDAQ: EXA) announced that Edmond L. Furlong, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, intends to resign his employment effective as of March 31, 2014. Stephen P. Sarno, our Vice President Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, has been appointed to serve as Acting Chief Financial Officer upon the effectiveness of Mr. Furlong’s resignation.
Ambient Corporation (NASDAQ: AMBT) announced the resignation of Stacey Fitzgerald as Chief Financial Officer. John J. Joyce, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, will assume the duties of principal financial and accounting officer on an interim basis while the Company initiates the search for a successor Chief Financial Officer.
II-VI Incorporated (NASDAQ: IIVI) announced that Craig A. Creaturo, chief financial officer, has tendered his resignation in order to pursue other interests. Mr. Creaturo will remain in his current capacity until a successor is appointed, and he will continue to assist the Company as an employee through February 28, 2014. After this date, Mr. Creaturo will serve as an advisor to the Company for an additional six months to ensure a smooth transition. The Company has initiated a formal search for a new chief financial officer.
Infor announced it has named Nicole Anasenes as chief financial officer. Anasenes most recently served as VP and chief financial officer of IBM’s Software Middleware Group business unit. She also served as VP and chief financial officer of IBM’s Cloud business unit, and as director of Emerging Markets for IBM’s Global Technology Services organization.
CodeSmart Holdings, Inc. (OTC: ITEN) appointed Diego E. Roca as its interim Chief Financial Officer. From 1995 until 2004, he worked with Digitec 2000, Inc., where he began his career as Digitec’s Controller. He was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and finally Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Roca served as a consultant to various companies, including Digitec and Dominion Minerals Corp. From 2007 to 2012 he held the office of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Dominion Minerals Corp.
First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ: BUSE) and Busey Bank announced that Robin N. Elliott will be appointed the Chief Financial Officer of First Busey Corporation and Busey Bank, effective January 1, 2014.  Mr. Elliott will continue in his current role as Director of the Business Banking Group of Busey Bank until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Susan K. Miller will be named Deputy Chief Financial Officer of First Busey Corporation and Busey Bank, effective January 1, 2014.  David B. White, will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer through December 31, 2013, and will remain as an employee of the organization through his retirement on July 1, 2014, to facilitate a successful transition. Mr. Elliott joined Busey in 2006 and has served as Executive Vice-President and Director of Finance & Treasury at Busey Bank prior to leading its Business Banking Group.  Prior to joining Busey Bank, he worked for various national accounting firms, including Ernst & Young. Ms. Miller joined Busey in 2011 as Director of Finance.  She has over 25 years of management experience with other financial institutions such as Bank One, SunTrust and Whitney National Bank.
DTE Energy (NYSE: DTE) promoted Dave Meador to the role of Vice Chairman & Chief Administrative Officer from his previous role as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Peter Oleksiak was promoted to the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Oleksiak was previously Senior Vice President – Finance.
VIVUS, Inc. (NASDAQ: VVUS) appointed Svai Sanford, the Company’s Corporate Controller, as interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sanford has served as the Company’s Corporate Controller since July 2012.  Prior to his employment with the Company, Mr. Sanford was the Corporate Controller at Glam Media, Inc., from November 2010 to June 2012. He was also the Senior Director, Technical Accounting, Reporting and Compliance, in addition to other roles, at Elan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from March 2004 to November 2010. Mr., Sanford is replacing outgoing Chief Financial Officer, Timothy E. Morris.
Responsys, Inc. (NASDAQ: MKTG) announced Chris Paul‘s intention to resign as Chief Financial Officer for personal reasons. Mr. Paul plans to continue as Chief Financial Officer of Responsys until a successor is in place.
MasTec, Inc. (NYSE: MTZ) reported that C. Robert Campbell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, announced his retirement, which will be effective as of the close of business on December 31, 2013. Mr. Campbell has served as MasTec’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2004. George Pita, who currently serves as MasTec’s CFO-Operations, has been appointed o serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MasTec effective as of January 1, 2014. Mr. Pita joined MasTec in February 2013, as its CFO-Operations. From June 2007 until joining MasTec in 2013, Mr. Pita served as EVP, COO and CFO of Stuart Weitzman Holdings. From April 2002 until June 2007, Mr. Pita served in various capacities at Perry Ellis International, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2004-2007. From 1989-2002, Mr. Pita served in a variety of financial and operations positions at Sunglass Hut International. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Pita served as a special advisor to Atlas Acquisition Holdings Corp., a special purpose acquisition corporation.
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ: FITB) announced that Daniel T. Poston, the Company’s interim chief financial officer, has been named the Company’s chief strategy and administrative officer. Tayfun Tuzun, previously Fifth Third’s treasurer, has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer. Mr. Tuzun joined Fifth Third Bancorp in 2007 and was named treasurer in 2011.
QEP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE: QEPM) announced that QEP Midstream Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of QEP Midstream Partners, LP, appointed Donald A. Turkleson directors to serve on the General Partner’s Board of Directors. Mr. Turkleson is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gulf Coast Energy Resources, LLC. He has served in that role since 2012. From 2010 to 2012, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Laurus Energy, Inc. From 1997 to 2009, he was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cheniere Energy, Inc. and served on the Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC, the general partner of Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. from 2007 to 2012. Mr. Turkleson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Miller Energy Resources, Inc., where he has served as a director since 2011.
LMI Aerospace, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMIA) announced the appointment of Lawrence E. Dickinson, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, to fill the position of President-Valent Operations, and the promotion of Clifford C. Stebe, Jr., the Company’s Corporate Controller, to fill the position of Chief Financial Officer.
Black Diamond, Inc. (NASDAQ: BDE) has promoted Aaron Kuehne to chief financial officer. Kuehne, who has served as interim CFO for the past seven months, joined Black Diamond nearly three years ago as the director of financial reporting before being promoted to vice president of finance. Prior to joining Black Diamond, Kuehne served in various capacities with KPMG, most recently as an audit manager.
Remark Media, Inc. (NASDAQ: MARK) announced that Douglas Osrow was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company.  Most recently, from 2011 until this past month, he was Chief Financial Officer of Paragon Gaming.  Prior to this he worked as a Vice President in the investment banking division of Citadel Securities.  He began his investment banking career as an Associate at Citigroup Global Markets in the real estate and lodging group.
Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ: MBII) announced that its Chief Financial Officer, Don Glidewell, has determined to retire from the Company. To facilitate a smooth transition, Mr. Glidewell has agreed to remain as Chief Financial Officer for up to five months while the Company conducts a search for a successor chief financial officer.
BBCN Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: BBCN), the holding company of BBCN Bank, announced that Daniel Kim will join the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Planning Officer effective November 25, 2013. Daniel Kim currently serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of Saehan Bancorp, Inc., which recently announced that its shareholders approved the completion of a merger with Wilshire Bancorp, Inc. Kim joined Saehan in September 2003. In addition, Mr. Kim has served as Acting President of Saehan during the interim periods of October 2010 through April 2011 and since November 1, 2013. From May 1997 to August 2003, Mr. Kim served as First Vice President and Manager of the accounting, corporate planning and investment departments of the former Pacific Union Bank. Mr. Kim began his banking career in June 1991 at the former Center Bank, where he last served as Assistant Vice President and Accounting/Investment Officer. Center Bank merged with Nara Bank in November 2011 to become BBCN Bank.
AirSage has appointed Alan Catherall as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). For 10 years—prior to joining AirSage—Catherall served as CFO with Numerex Corp. Before Numerex, Mr. Catherall was CFO of AirGate PCS, Inc. Catherall also held executive positions at MCI, including serving as the chief financial officer of Syncordia Services, a joint venture between MCI and British Telecom.
McCloud Services announced the addition of Richard Burke as chief financial officer. Prior to joining McCloud Services, Burke served as the CFO of Nordic Energy Services, LLC. Burke also served as vice president of finance for Chicago-based Monroe Capital. Additionally, he served as director of finance for Condell Medical Center.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,399 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:














Kathi Niffenegger | Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc | Email, CFO/Corporate Secretary, @stellarbiotechnologies.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Kathi Niffenegger

 Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc  CFO/Corporate Secretary


Updated On : 
                    Jun 08, 2017                            

export

















332 East Scott St

Port Hueneme, CA 93041


Email format for @stellarbiotechnologies.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
20 - 49

Revenue:  
1 - 2.5 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    A CFO/Corporate Secretary at Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc based in Port Hueneme, CA, Kathi Niffenegger has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc in our Biotech/drugs category. The company CEO is Frank Oakes. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Kathi Niffenegger' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Kathi Niffenegger.  Some possible email formats for Kathi Niffenegger are KNiffenegger@stellarbiotechnologies.com, Kathi.Niffenegger@stellarbiotechnologies.com, Kathi@stellarbiotechnologies.com, and Kathi_Niffenegger@stellarbiotechnologies.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stellarbiotechnologies.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Kathi Nardozza - Executive
Their Safety Advisor is Kathi Nardozza. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Utilities industry. If you're checking for San Diego Gas & Electric Co email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @sdge.com email addresses and possibly Kathi Nardozza's email. San Diego Gas & Electric Co is based in San Diego, CA. You can also get Kathi Nardozza's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Utilities category.  Some possible email formats for Kathi Nardozza are KNardozza@sdge.com, Kathi.Nardozza@sdge.com, Kathi@sdge.com, and Kathi_Nardozza@sdge.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@sdge.com addresses.
Kathi Neal - Executive
A Director of Development at The Lung Association, Manitoba based in Winnipeg, , Kathi Neal has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on The Lung Association, Manitoba in our Other category. The company CEO is . There are email addresses on their profile and may include Kathi Neal' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Kathi Neal.  Some possible email formats for Kathi Neal are KNeal@mb.lung.ca, Kathi.Neal@mb.lung.ca, Kathi@mb.lung.ca, and Kathi_Neal@mb.lung.ca. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mb.lung.ca addresses.
Kathi Needham - Other



People Directory > Kathi Niffenegger
































Kathi Niffenegger in San Luis Obispo, CA - (805) 544-1441 - Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Kathi Niffenegger

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Kathi Niffenegger



1150 Palm St
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401






Contact:
Kathi Niffenegger


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        805-544-1441
                    



Website:

www.gbpb.com







There are 

6
                Companies located at 1150 Palm St, San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Kathi Niffenegger is located in San Luis Obispo, California. This organization primarily operates in the Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping business / industry within the Engineering, Accounting, Research, and Management Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 7 years. Kathi Niffenegger is estimated to generate $97,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Engineering, Accounting, Research, and Management Services



Category:

Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping



Industry:

Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping




SIC Code:

8721











Name:
Kathi Niffenegger


Year Founded:


2010






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 97,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 93401






Percentage Population



25,175
White
3,977
Hispanic
481
Black
1,552
Asian
464
Native American
92
Hawaiian
1,385
Other


89.8 %
White
14.2 %
Hispanic
1.7 %
Black
5.5 %
Asian
1.7 %
Native American
0.3 %
Hawaiian
4.9 %
Other













Population




Population 
28,033




Female49.5%13,884


Male50.5%14,149




Median Age

34.1




Female37.3


Male32.1






























Questions & Answers









Where is Kathi Niffenegger located?





Kathi Niffenegger is located at 1150 Palm St, San Luis Obispo, CA 93401.







Is there a key contact at Kathi Niffenegger?





Kathi Niffenegger is the Principal at Kathi Niffenegger. You can contact Kathi at (805) 544-1441.







Are there other companies located at 1150 Palm St, San Luis Obispo, CA?





There are 6 commercial tenants at 1150 Palm St, San Luis Obispo, CA.









How many people work at Kathi Niffenegger?





Kathi Niffenegger has approximately 2 employees at this location.







What is the internet address for Kathi Niffenegger?





The website (URL) for Kathi Niffenegger is www.gbpb.com.







What are the annual sales for Kathi Niffenegger?





Kathi Niffenegger generates approximately $97,000 in annual sales.







How long has Kathi Niffenegger been in business?





Kathi Niffenegger has been in business for approximately 7 years.







How big is Kathi Niffenegger?





Kathi Niffenegger is estimated to generate $97,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







What is the phone number for Kathi Niffenegger?





The phone number for Kathi Niffenegger is (805) 544-1441










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 93401






Average House Value


                                $ 592,400
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 54,305
                            



Number of Households

12,499



Persons per Household

2.20













Number of Businesses

4,153



Number of Employees

26,640



Land Area (square miles)

69.944



Water Area (square miles)

0.018



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close



























