Age Verification 


YesWelcome!you must be of legal drinking age to view this site.are you 21 or older?No

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 Nightshade Partners, Inc. – Mixologist quality, ready-to-drink craft margaritas; unlike competing beverages, we aren’t overly sweet and full of additives – everything is natural and high-quality – iCrowdNewswire                   Press Release Distribution Newswire Tips for Effective CommunicationsSIGN INProducts & PricingAboutTeamNewsBlogContact Distribute a Press Release from $29.99 Post Marketing Content - $19.99 Distribution Network Submit a Press Release     Search News Room:  HomeWire   xRSS Newsfeeds See all RSS Newsfeeds Global Regions United States ( XML Feed )Aug 5, 2016 1:08 PM ET  Archived: Nightshade Partners, Inc. – Mixologist quality, ready-to-drink craft margaritas; unlike competing beverages, we aren’t overly sweet and full of additives – everything is natural and high-quality  iCrowdNewswire - Aug 5, 2016 Nightshade Partners, Inc.Mixologist quality, ready-to-drink craft margaritas You work hard – so why settle for a subpar cocktail when you decide to kick back and relax?  Introducing Nightshade Partners – your 24/7 mixologist who never takes a break.  Our line of Premium Craft Margaritasare ready-to-drink, allowing you to simply pour and serve with a smile.  But, unlike competing beverages, we aren’t overly sweet and full of additives – everything is natural and high-quality.Tastings and launches have been fabulous – grab your glass and let’s make some money! We invite you to try Nightshade Partners’ Premium Craft Margaritas. If you happen to be among the 74% of the population in the 34 states that we can legally ship to, then go online and order any or all of our currently available flavors to enjoy your own Nightshade Experience. The proven taste and quality is unmatched. Visitwww.nightshadetequila.com.    For all of tequila’s great creations, the margarita has to be the best.  Margaritas are the most popular cocktail in the US, with 60% of consumers surveyed selecting it as their top pick.  Ready-to-drink (RTD) cocktails, another spirits trend, are quickly becoming a consumer favorite and are crossing over into the world of margaritas.  Approximately 55% of Millennials, who enjoy their easy to drink nature and hearty alcoholic content, consume RTD cocktails.  The margarita’s popularity and delicious taste make it a perfect fit, too – as it’s currently outperforming all other RTD cocktail options.Despite their burgeoning popularity, a little “saltiness” remains in the world of RTD margaritas.  Consistent with booming trends like craft brewing and farm-to-table dining, consumers are tired of foods and drinks made with low-quality ingredients.  This is the sad reality with current RTD margarita options; they’re more focused on mass production, and too sweet to be considered a crafted cocktail.  Because of this, there’s a great opportunity for an RTD beverage manufacturer to create a high-quality, delicious product that takes the margarita world by storm.    For the past four years, we’ve been developing, refining, and selling mixologist-quality Premium Craft Margaritas.  Our cocktails are Ready To Serve   straight out of the bottle, so consumers can go back to being happy hosts rather than busy bartenders.  Much like the family of nightshade plants, they’re just a little bit dangerous and mysterious, but invariably intriguing and delicious.  Each margarita is crafted with nothing but the best in quality ingredients, including blue agave silver tequila and all-natural juices.The “Nightshade Experience” is rooted in the concept that better beverages make everything you do better – and that the perfect beverage is out there for everyone.  Since 2013, we’ve worked diligently to develop a brand with immediate appeal – from the first glance at our packaging.  Furthermore, each Nightshade beverage has been carefully crafted and developed to be the perfect product for its target market.    High-quality blue agave tequila and natural fruit juices make up the core of every Nightshade margarita, which guarantees an all-natural, refreshing, and deliciously balanced flavor.  They’re crafted carefully, with no doctoring or additional ingredients – allowing for subtle and complex flavor profiles usually attributed to fine wine.  Take a look at the 5 delicious flavors (all 30-proof) we’re currently offering to consumers:Branding is especially important with beverages – which is why we’ve partnered with vaunted PR firm 24-Group to help vault us to the public eye.  This proven organization is utilizing local media, social influencers, events, and other tactics to craft us a memorable brand image around the Nightshade Experience.  Our website is another key marketing tool that accomplishes this.  On top of featuring our products with beautiful images, it also features a number of easy-to-mix cocktail recipes.    The quest to produce the world’s best RTD margarita began back in 2013, when we launched our signature Hucklerita cocktail. Nightshade has grown tremendously since then, opening up various sales channels and getting our drinks in thirsty consumers’ hands.  Currently, the focus is on this fundraise – and on making correlated expansions to sales and marketing activities.  Some key accomplishments that brought us to this point include:Customers love us.  Early consumer returns have been very promising – with our beverages enjoying nearly 90% approval thus far.And, so do the industry players.  Former executives from Seagrams, Bacardi and leading international conglomerates have endorsed and are staking their reputations on our concept.Key branding partnership active.  We’ve got an early leg up in branding thanks to a very valuable relationship with PR firm 24-Group.  They’ll be launching us with us a ton of positive press, and driving our e-commerce and direct-to-retail buzz-building.Sports sponsorships secured.  Our margaritas served as the featured beverage cocktail at both the 2016 Masters Tournament and a Savannah Challengers ATP tennis event, the success of which opened the door to many more opportunities.We’re regulated.  With 5 formulas approved by the TTB and ATF, we’re fully compliant on local, state, and national levels.For information on some exciting future plans, please request access to our private section!  Also, take a look below at a couple testimonials from our Masters and Savannah sports sponsorships – they certainly made us blush!    Duke and Ginny Mahl, Founders – With over 4 decades of entrepreneurial experience, Founders Duke and Ginny Mahlbring passion to everything they do – and are quite the margarita connoisseurs.  The pair has an impressive background in building companies utilizing outsourced strategic partners, including a commercial/residential wine cellar business they ran for 14 years.  This venture introduced them to key wine industry figures in Washington – from Walla Walla winemakers to Northwest wine drinkers – and really lit the fuse for Nightshade.Duke’s focus is on daily operations and future development, while Ginny heads up graphics and artistic development.  The Mahls’ dedication and experience helped shape Nightshade into what it is today; these fellow executives will help take it to new heights:Rodger Reiss, Branding – As the Owner of RSR Creations, Rodger has helped grow brands for Seagrams, Jacob’s Creek, Don Julio, Crown Royal, and other giants – and now does the same for us.Alain Scheiman, Branding– As owner of Passion Spirits not only does Alain oversee the fulfillment center operations for the e-commerce side of the business, but will also be working in concert with the Park Street direct-to-retail model for brick and mortar outlets throughout the state of Florida.Maria Pribble, Consultant– Maria is a results-driven marketing and sales professional with two decades in premium and luxury consumer goods.  Career stops include key roles with Diageo, Absolut and Evolution Spirits; now, she oversees our sales and marketing in the Northeastern US.James Goll, President and Representative – 24-Group will work to publicize Nightshade Partners’ Premium Craft Margaritas through features in print, broadcast, and online media outlets. As Nightshade Partners’ public relations’ team, 24-Group will increase regional recognition through cocktail placements, events, sampling, menu placements, and support. Additionally, 24-Group Public Relations will develop a comprehensive program to drive consumers from throughout the country to Nightshade’s Margarita of the Month Club. The company will be responsible for establishing Nightshade on key social platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest.Scott Billadeau, Co-Founder – In the early 90s, Scott operated the first ever espresso business at the University of Montana.  Since then, he’s gone on to build a multi-million-dollar beverage business in Liquid Planet Holdings, and currentlyserves as VP of Marketing for NPI in Montana.  Joined by his wife Angela, the pair makes a number of creative and administrative contributions to Nightshade.Nightshade also receives service and consulting support from multiple outside sources.  These individuals and vendors assist us with a variety of businesses activities, including branding and manufacturing.        Contact Information:Duke and Ginny Mahl, Founders Via  Click here for more information Tags: Fundable, Wire, Crowdfunding, Equity Crowdfunding, United States, English View Related News >     Sales Partner NetworkDisclosure Newswire TMSecurex FilingsP3 Data SystemsQuickSilver Stock TransferEDGAR FILING LLCCrowdfundingSeedUps CanadaFundPaasCadia Startup ExchangeSpringboard EquityAutoPilot PRCivil Society Newswire TMInter Press Service (IPS)IMPACT Leadership 21PVBLIC FoundationGate Global ImpactPress Release NewswireAndeanWireHispanicize WireM2 Press WIREDino (Brazil)NetNotasComunicae (Spain & Mexico)MediaBNamericas WIREThe Soho LoftPRmax (UK)HPC Legal WIREiCrowdPRConferences & EventsPubconIndustry ExchangeCrowdsourcing WeekLendIt Become an iCrowdNewswire Partner                           

	NIGHTSHADE Trademark of NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INC. Serial Number: 85236087 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
NIGHTSHADE










 
Get FREE email alerts













NIGHTSHADE  Trademark Information
 NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INC
Distilled Spirits




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
distilled   spirits    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NIGHTSHADE trademark by NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INC 
                                in SPOKANE VALLEY, WA, 99214.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NIGHTSHADE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INC of the NIGHTSHADE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NIGHTSHADE trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 7, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NIGHTSHADE by 
                        NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INC, SPOKANE VALLEY, WA  99214.
                        The USPTO has given the NIGHTSHADE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85236087.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for NIGHTSHADE is 
                        
                        
                                            Nightshade Partners, Inc of 
                                            Nightshade Partners, Inc,  PO Box 158, OTIS ORCHARDS WA 99027 
                                .
                            The NIGHTSHADE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NIGHTSHADE 
                            is Distilled Spirits. 
                            





Word mark:
 NIGHTSHADE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/14/2013



  Serial Number:  
85236087


  Filing Date:  
2/7/2011


 Registration Number:  
4335324 


 Registration Date:  
5/14/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Distilled Spirits


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/20/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

NIGHTSHADE PARTNERS, INCSPOKANE VALLEY, WA  99214
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("TEQUILA")


 Correspondent:


Nightshade Partners, Inc
Nightshade Partners, Inc
PO Box 158
OTIS ORCHARDS WA 99027






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/12/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
3/26/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NIGHTSHADE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/14/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Nightshade Partners, Inc


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NIGHTSHADE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search nightshade on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NIGHTSHADE 




NIGHTSHADE is providing Distilled Spirits.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



Nightshade Tequila Launches With Five Varieties - BevNET.com






 













 































































BevNET



 

]">

 








Nightshade Tequila Launches With Five Varieties

Press Release Oct. 14, 2016 at 10:29 am









        More 











OTIS ORCHIDS, WA, OCT. 2016 – According to 2016 Nielsen studies, the margarita has been declared the most popular cocktail in the United States. Taking that knowledge, as well as their own personal love for the libation, entrepreneurs Duke & Ginny Mahl set out on a mission to develop a ‘mixologist-quality’ margarita that could be enjoyed at home or on the go. The result is Nightshade Partners, Inc. – producing premium craft margaritas, gluten free, ready to dink, over ice, directly from the bottle.
Capitalizing on one of the fastest growing segments of the spirits industry, ‘ready-to-drink’ beverages, Nightshade Partners pride themselves on delivering a final product with a refined taste profile absent of artificial sweeteners or processing. By using premium ingredients, combined with a proprietary blend of true Blue Agave, Nightshade Premium Craft Margaritas have an ideal level of sweetness balanced out by complimenting natural fruit juices.

Sprit industry research also shows that consumers are returning to the philosophy that entertaining in their own ideal environment with friends and family can be even more rewarding than visiting their neighborhood bar.
“Imagine your favorite place with the people you enjoy being around the most, sipping quality cocktails you’re proud to serve. Whether entertaining at home, at a friends place, or while on vacation, we’ve found that relaxing and doing things at our own pace made for the best experiences. The only missing element were the hand-crafted cocktails,” said Nightshade Partners Co-Founder Duke Mahl. “Better beverages make everything better — and better experiences turn dreams into reality.”
Currently available in five varieties, Mahl is confident there is a Nightshade Premium Craft Margarita to suit anyone’s taste. For those looking to experience it all, or to give the gift of dreams in a bottle, Nightshade has introduced the ‘Margarita of the Month Club.’ Good for a total of EIGHT bottles, including all shipping costs, purchasers receive a downloadable gift card which can then be given in person, or emailed to the recipient for $197. For the following four months, Club Members receive both a bottle of the Classic Lime Margarita as well as a new variety each delivery — making it an ideal gift to warm up the winter nights until June rolls around.
Five Introductory varieties of Nightshade Partners Premium Craft Margaritas available, including:
Classic Lime 
Although Nightshade offers several more adventurous flavors, the company realizes many consumers retain the desire for an authentic, no-nonsense traditional margarita with a refreshing blend of limes, tequila and triple sec orange liqueur that can be poured over rocks and enjoyed. Unlike off-the shelf margarita ‘mixes,’ the Nightshade Classic Lime bottles authentic juices, natural cane sugar and custom-blended Blue Agave Silver premium tequila for a hassle free ‘simple yet complex’ cocktail. At only 187 calories for standard pour, Nightshade Classic Lime can be enjoyed guilt free.
Hucklarita 
Leading to what became the namesake of the company, the Huckleberry from Great Northwest is a member of the “nightshade” family of plants. Hucklarita’s natural ingredients include the custom-blended Blue Agave Silver Tequila, two varietals of huckleberry as the foundation, a pinch of blueberry and a touch of marionberry resulting in the complex flavor profile. Natural colors from vegetable juice give it the rich violet color, while Triple Sec, lime and natural cane sugar round out the 183-calorie captivating cocktail.
Ruby Redarita
The Ruby Red grapefruit was the creation of Texan farmers in the 1920’s who felt that the whiter grapefruit was far less superior to the more pink or red varietal. The grapefruit itself is a hybrid originating in Barbados as a result of an accidental cross between the sweet orange and the pomelo – and was given the name ‘forbidden fruit.’ Rich in antioxidants, the grapefruit is known for it’s semi-sweet flavor. When combined with Nightshade’s premium tequila, sugar cane and Triple Sec, it should be anything but forbidden. The Ruby Redarita is the ultimate thirst quenching margarita perfectly enjoyed during the day, on the rocks, at 180 calories per serving.
Papayarita 
As the Hucklarita delivers the flavors of the Northwest, Nightshade set out to bring new tastes from other corners of the world. Known for growing in tropics around the globe, the Papaya is native to Southern and Central America. The Papaya has a taste similar to that of a mango, but with a more mellow profile that is much less tangy. Three varietals of fresh papaya are mixed with the custom-blended Blue Agave Silver Tequila, Triple Sec, Lime and natural cane sugar along for one of the freshest and most tropical transcending margaritas available. 188 calories for an 8 oz. cocktail on ice.
Choclarita 
Chocolate has been one of the most adored and admired flavors for thousands of years. Nightshade Partners stay true to centuries-old traditions behind Aztec chocolate and combined them with tequila and triple sec to deliver a truly indulgent, yet light and distinctive margarita.
Blue Agave Silver Tequila combined with three types of chocolate, two cinnamon varietals and a touch of Serrano pepper is used to achieve the ultimate Aztec chocolate experience in a bottle. Triple Sec, lime and natural cane sugar all combine to achieve a fascinating twist on the margarita experience. Compared to chocolate cocktails at some chain restaurants that can literally top 1,000 calories, the Nightshade Choclarita comes in at an all-night delight of 195 calories for an 8 oz. cocktail.
No matter which flavor best suits the margarita aficionado, Nightshade Partners promise to provide a super-premium craft quality experience directly from the bottle. All the goodness of mixology, enjoyed any place, any time.
Nightshade Tequila / 15% ABV/ MSRP $19.99
Order online at: www.nightshadetequila.com
 
 









 



Latest News









				Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise			


 







				Basemakers and Phoodie Merge			


 







				Juice Served Here Expands in Grocery			


 

SPONSORED POST






				Video: Scott Uzzell Talks VEB’s Past 10 Years & Predicts Industry Future			


 

 







Marketplace










Beverage Glides / Merchandising


 


 


Featured Jobs










East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 








Territory Sales Representative - Florida - Lord...


 








Internal Distributors, Route Specific - Fresh B...


 








Sales Account Administrator  - Groundwork Coffee


 


 


Additional News









							Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO						


 







							Distribution News: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner						


 







							Caribe Opens New Production Facility						


 







							TemperPack Raises $10M						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



Packaging Manager - Ecliptic Brewing
Quality Assurance Analyst - Stone Brewing Co.
DSD Representative for Growing Kombucha Company - Revive Kombucha
On Premise Activation Specialist - Key West, FL - Inspira Marketing






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise
Basemakers and Phoodie Merge
Juice Served Here Heads East, Expands Grocery Presence
Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO
Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner
Caribe Seeks Growth With New Production Facility
TemperPack Raises $10M To Upset Packaging Industry




Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste
Juice Press To Open First D.C. Store In Union Station
Fairlife Introduces SuperKids Ultra-Filtered Milk with DHA Omega-3
Tea Of A Kind Introduces Eco-Friendly 4-Pack
Former Nestlé USA Executive Joins Moonshine Sweet Tea
AquaNew’s Watt-Ahh Releases Commemorative Anniversary 1L Bottles




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Creating National Sales Platform, Brooklyn Brewery Invests in 21st Amendment, Funkwerks
Short’s Brewing Sells Minority Stake to Lagunitas
Coronado Brewing to Release Beach Break IPA Seasonal
Left Hand Brewing Co. to Release Milk Stout Nitro in Cans
Odell Brewing Releases Sunny Rain Golden Tart in Cans
Gunwhale Ales Hires New Head Brewer
Sierra Nevada Partners with Brauhaus Miltenberger on Oktoberfest Beer








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 




















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.




 



Nightshade Partners, Inc. (@thenightshadeexperience) • Instagram photos and videos






















































































 









































Choclarita and Hucklarita | 2014-06-12 | Beverage Industry



































Home » Choclarita and Hucklarita
New Products
Choclarita and Hucklarita





June 12, 2014


KEYWORDS alcoholic drinks  /  chocolate  /  Margarita

        Reprints
      






        No Comments
      




Click here to vote for this product in our June 2014 new products poll.
This month, Nightshade Partners Inc. introduced Choclarita and Hucklarita Margaritas made with blue agave silver tequila and natural flavors. In particular, Choclarita blends blue agave silver tequila with triple sec and a mixture of natural flavors and cocoa. Hucklarita combines blue agave silver tequila with triple sec and a mixture of natural flavors and real juice. Both Margaritas contain 15 percent alcohol by volume.

Nightshade Partners Inc., Genoa, Ohio
	Telephone: 419/855-6080
Internet: www.nightshadetequila.com
Distribution: National





	Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Beverage Industry





Related Articles

Cold Stone Creamery Milk Shakers


ArKay Alcohol-Free liquor-flavored beverages


Splash Premium Mixers


Pavan Liqueur de France



Related Events

Charting the Course for New Product Success


Innovation: The Lifeblood of the Beverage Market


BevOps Fleet Summit












      You must login or register in order to post a comment.
  






Report Abusive Comment

Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why.



 








Subscribe For Free!













More Videos




Sponsored Content




                Sponsored Content is a special paid section where industry companies provide high quality, objective, non-commercial content around topics of interest to the Beverage Industry audience. All Sponsored Content is supplied by the advertising company. Interested in participating in our Sponsored Content section? Contact your local rep.

Close







Sponsored By
Freightliner Trucks


Advancing Fuel Efficiency: Freightliner’s New Cascadia Day Cab

Freightliner’s new Cascadia® is designed to be more fuel efficient than ever before. Advances in aerodynamics and powertrain components have contributed to increased fuel economy.















Events

August 24, 2017
What Consumers Want: How Honey Helps Formulate Clean Label Beverages 
Consumers are craving all-natural beverages with clean labels and ingredients they can pronounce. And, they’re not willing to sacrifice on taste. Honey has become a product developer’s secret weapon, delivering countless benefits to a variety of beverage products.


September 19, 2017
BevOps Fleet Summit
The BevOpsFleet Summit is produced with one main goal in mind - to help you and your business succeed. If you are in the beverage industry you will not want to miss the 12th annual BevOps Fleet Summit being held September 19-22!


View All
Submit An Event




Poll
Plant Based Water Trends

Which plant-based water will experience the most growth in 2017?



Coconut water



Watermelon water



Maple water



Birch water



Cactus water




View Results
Poll Archive


Products






Cleaning-in-Place: Dairy, Food and Beverage Operations, 3rd Edition


	This book addresses the principles of cleaning operations, water supply issues and the science of detergents and disinfectants.


See More Products















Beverage Industry Magazine





2017 July
The July 2016 issue of Beverage Industry includes a cover story on CORE Hydration as well as the 2017 State of the Industry and articles about water, foodservice technology and more!
View More
Subscribe





Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media.
Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing








































 












Duke Mahl - President for Nightshade Partners, Inc

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Nevada



                
                >
                

Las Vegas







 Duke Mahl
                        

Active

                                    Las Vegas,
                                    NV
                                
—
President for Nightshade Partners, Inc













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Duke Mahl Overview
                    

Duke Mahl has been associated with two companies, according to public records. The companies were formed over a one year period with the most recent being incorporated four years ago in April of 2013. One of the companies is still active while the remaining one is now listed as inactive. 
                    
                






Background Report for Duke Mahl


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for Duke Mahl
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for Duke Mahl








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Nightshade Partners, Inc
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                President
                            






                            Nightshade Group, Inc
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                President
                            













 Excel
                    
Connections for Duke Mahl

                         A connection is made when two people are officers, directors, or otherwise associated with the same company. Duke has five known connections and has the most companies in common with Ginny Mahl. 
                    



1



                                    Ginny Mahl
                                



                                        Ginny Mahl has the following companies in common with Duke Mahl
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N----------------------c
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Treasurer
                            









1



                                    Scott Billadeau
                                



                                        Scott Billadeau has the following companies in common with Duke Mahl
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N----------------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Larry Hrablook
                                



                                        Larry Hrablook has the following companies in common with Duke Mahl
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N-------------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Virginia A. Mahl
                                



                                        Virginia A. Mahl has the following companies in common with Duke Mahl
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N----------------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2013
                        
                


                                4
                            



                                Treasurer
                            









1



                                    Mike Schneider
                                



                                        Mike Schneider has the following companies in common with Duke Mahl
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N-------------------c
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2011
                        
                


                                3
                            



                                Treasurer
                            























 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Duke Mahl










PO Box 27740
Las Vegas, NV 89126









Advertisements










Source







Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Duke Mahl.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Duke Mahl and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                PO Box 27740  Las Vegas, NV 89126

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Duke Mahl however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Source
            





                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,574 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,719 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,150 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,443 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,719 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,841 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,574 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,323 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,342 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,082 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,252 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,998 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,146 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,443 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,354 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,495 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,226 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,150 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,661 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,972 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Nevada Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Nevada Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Property Profile Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Macario C. Manuel










Kotobuki Marketing, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Takehisa Naito
Keishi Ikeda










Cit Investments LLC

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Elie Scharf










Pechua

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Huy Truong
Quang Vu Than
Ninh Ngo










Blackbird Logistics Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Conder
Kyle McDermaid
Michael Johnson










Nxxlvl Group Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Fletcher
Willis Oliver
Antoine Keane










Time 2 Get Away Network L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yelena Protopopova
Ben Arave










Savystudio.Com, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Amit Savyon
Shlomo Savyon










Miramar Fiduciary Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tracy Tunney Ward
Scott P. Thomas
Cynthia M. Chiaro










Health Energy Longevity, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        










Das Plane LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Maurice Gallagher
Ronald B. Booth
Robert N. Thompson










Travelers Unlimited Group Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Luter
Jonathan Clarke
Andre Clarke










Ratso, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corinne Vaughn
Bruce Wagner










Premium Produce LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sharon L. Poon
Stephen A. Silverman
Priscilla Vilchis










Bpg Union Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vincent Molino










Panther Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Brazil
Kirk Brazil
Steven R. Campbell










Tgig, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Demetrious Kouretas
Nycole Cummings
I. Scott Bogatz










High Grade Gypsum LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael J. Rhodes
Ryan Rhodes
Jim Rhodes










Dbnice Ltd

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bai Heng Zhang
Daling Zhang
Yan Xiao










Reed Ventures Consulting, LLC

                                                
                                                    Henderson, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Reed










Fortifiber Corporation

                                                
                                                    Incline Village, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stuart Yount
Carl Thoms
Chris Yount










Enim, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Moore










Precision Assets

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Avi Segal
Eyal Karban
Guy Tumarkin










Club 662

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tammie Hawkins










Frontier Estates LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clear As Mud, Inc.
Jared Weiss
Robert Weiss










Saticoy Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bay Harbor Trust










Elko Mining Group LLC

                                                
                                                    Winnemucca, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard J. Wells










Gripped Media LLC

                                                
                                                    Washoe Valley, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven Collins
Angie Collins










Banded Holdings Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sparks, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad Belding
Mark Rice
Brandon Adams










The Sterling Group Nv LLC.

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lawrence L. Cary
Karel Novak
Anthony F. Novak










Lone Mountain Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Archos
Samuel Dorf
Uc Nevada L.L.C.










Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Absolute Nevada LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vicki L. Porter
Carrol Wayne Porter
Donald Hoffman










Bayvest Realty Inc

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        










Woodlock Industries, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario A. Gallo
John E. Gallo










Sally Beauty Supply, LLC

                                                
                                                    North Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dawn Schvez










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Mesquite, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Janet Dodenbier










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lena Leach
Kristie Paccella
Stacey Allison










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Sparks, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad Bailey
Bayardo Ballejos
John Eastman










Target Corporation

                                                
                                                    Carson City, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corina Drake
Ashley Rife










Einstein Sports Advisory Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John F. Thomas
Ronald A. Colquitt










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Mesquite, NV
                                                
                                        










Craft Prep L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario Ortiz










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Waiss
Elden Allard
Michael Meoli










Taco Bell Corp

                                                
                                                    Reno, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cheryl Sehdrau
Angelica Nunec
Alcia Arzola










Excellence Health Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joel Jan Smolibowski
Luca Leon Jungbauer










Athlete Acquisitions LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Epner










Tahoe Basin Behavior Analysis LLC

                                                
                                                    Zephyr Cove, NV
                                                
                                        










Target Network Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Luzano



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Worldwide Debt Solutions, LLC
22 days ago


Henderson




Jaac Enterprises
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Blue 6 Group, LLC
22 days ago


Henderson




Mgo Homes USA LLC
22 days ago


Reno




Hom Legacy Fund, LLC
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Target Network Inc
22 days ago


Las Vegas




Tahoe Basin Behavior Analysis LLC
23 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Tlc Properties, LLC
23 days ago


Las Vegas




G2 Components LLC
23 days ago


Sparks




Jas Investments, LLC
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Solid Foundation LLC.
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Ochin LLC
23 days ago


Las Vegas




811 & 817 Rose Ave. Lb, LLC
23 days ago


Stateline




Beating Heart Center LLC., The
23 days ago


Reno




Pro-Tf Fitness LLC
23 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Verdant Building, LLC
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Tocaya Holdings LLC
23 days ago


Incline Village




Mbt 420, LLC
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Left Field Ip Holding, LLC
23 days ago


Silver Springs




Tbk Ip Holding, LLC
23 days ago


Silver Springs




Sa Tuna Inc
23 days ago


Carson City




Lake Tahoe Regional Fire Chiefs Association
23 days ago


Incline Village




Greatest American Services
23 days ago


Stateline




Yet Another Tech, Corp
23 days ago


Minden




Real Wealth Realty, Inc.
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Head First, Inc.
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Flavor Waves, Inc.
23 days ago


Las Vegas




Lps Capital Holdings LLC
27 days ago


Carson City




Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.
27 days ago


Las Vegas




to The Top Enterprises, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Songbird Dream Investments, LLC
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Renaissance
29 days ago


Las Vegas




Elizabeth Bray DMD PC
29 days ago


Reno




Craft Prep L.L.C.
30 days ago


Reno




920 Emerald Bay LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Kenna IV, LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Junk One, LLC
30 days ago


Henderson




Surkart Equipment LLC
30 days ago


Stateline




Protomation Systems LLC
30 days ago


Zephyr Cove




Gatsby Development LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Kb California Dialysis St, LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Fire Pizza LLC
30 days ago


Gardnerville




Trinity Property Company LLC
30 days ago


Reno




Pv Asset Management, LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Rep Plumbing, LLC
30 days ago


Minden




Tran, Kiss, & Daniels Limited Liability Co.
30 days ago


Las Vegas




Mohrschladt-Howarth Associates, Inc.
30 days ago


Carson City




Accurate Installations, Inc
30 days ago


Las Vegas









Top cities in Nevada





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Las Vegas
                


                616,273
            



                2
            


                    Henderson
                


                125,298
            



                3
            


                    Reno
                


                109,323
            



                4
            


                    Carson City
                


                84,871
            



                5
            


                    North Las Vegas
                


                27,233
            



                6
            


                    Sparks
                


                24,271
            



                7
            


                    Mesquite
                


                17,596
            



                8
            


                    Minden
                


                11,002
            



                9
            


                    Ely
                


                10,808
            



                10
            


                    Incline Village
                


                10,709
            



                11
            


                    Gardnerville
                


                7,334
            



                12
            


                    Pahrump
                


                7,238
            



                13
            


                    Boulder City
                


                5,458
            



                14
            


                    Elko
                


                5,320
            



                15
            


                    Stateline
                


                5,157
            



                16
            


                    Fallon
                


                4,077
            



                17
            


                    Fernley
                


                3,974
            



                18
            


                    Zephyr Cove
                


                3,911
            



                19
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                3,620
            



                20
            


                    Winnemucca
                


                2,376
            



                21
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,139
            



                22
            


                    Spring Creek
                


                1,730
            



                23
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                1,434
            



                24
            


                    Laughlin
                


                1,349
            



                25
            


                    Yerington
                


                1,285
            



                26
            


                    Verdi
                


                1,179
            



                27
            


                    Washoe Valley
                


                1,039
            



                28
            


                    Logandale
                


                829
            



                29
            


                    Overton
                


                815
            



                30
            


                    Genoa
                


                765
            



                31
            


                    Battle Mountain
                


                653
            



                32
            


                    Wellington
                


                625
            



                33
            


                    Lovelock
                


                592
            



                34
            


                    Crystal Bay
                


                580
            



                35
            


                    Glenbrook
                


                557
            



                36
            


                    Virginia City
                


                553
            



                37
            


                    Tonopah
                


                444
            



                38
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                431
            



                39
            


                    Jean
                


                419
            



                40
            


                    Wells
                


                413
            



                41
            


                    Eureka
                


                322
            



                42
            


                    Mound House
                


                257
            



                43
            


                    Caliente
                


                226
            



                44
            


                    Pioche
                


                214
            



                45
            


                    Lamoille
                


                202
            



                46
            


                    Alamo
                


                197
            



                47
            


                    Moapa
                


                197
            



                48
            


                    Carlin
                


                196
            



                49
            


                    Amargosa Valley
                


                195
            



                50
            


                    Bunkerville
                


                194
            



                51
            


                    Smith
                


                194
            



                52
            


                    Round Mountain
                


                180
            



                53
            


                    Panaca
                


                177
            



                54
            


                    Stagecoach
                


                167
            



                55
            


                    Beatty
                


                157
            



                56
            


                    Blue Diamond
                


                155
            



                57
            


                    Sandy Valley
                


                155
            



                58
            


                    West Wendover
                


                147
            



                59
            


                    Austin
                


                144
            



                60
            


                    Searchlight
                


                134
            



                61
            


                    Nellis Afb
                


                132
            



                62
            


                    Indian Springs
                


                130
            



                63
            


                    Orovada
                


                127
            



                64
            


                    Goldfield
                


                126
            



                65
            


                    Dyer
                


                120
            



                66
            


                    McGill
                


                112
            



                67
            


                    Wadsworth
                


                100
            



                68
            


                    Wendover
                


                85
            



                69
            


                    Silver City
                


                84
            



                70
            


                    Deeth
                


                80
            



                71
            


                    Paradise Valley
                


                80
            



                72
            


                    Baker
                


                77
            



                73
            


                    McCarran
                


                77
            



                74
            


                    Gerlach
                


                76
            



                75
            


                    Hiko
                


                75
            



                76
            


                    Lund
                


                72
            



                77
            


                    Ruby Valley
                


                69
            



                78
            


                    Imlay
                


                66
            



                79
            


                    Crescent Valley
                


                65
            



                80
            


                    Jackpot
                


                63
            



                81
            


                    McDermitt
                


                59
            



                82
            


                    Schurz
                


                57
            



                83
            


                    Mina
                


                56
            



                84
            


                    Montello
                


                47
            



                85
            


                    Spanish Springs
                


                47
            



                86
            


                    Tuscarora
                


                45
            



                87
            


                    Owyhee
                


                44
            



                88
            


                    Cal Nev Ari
                


                41
            



                89
            


                    Gabbs
                


                39
            



                90
            


                    Golconda
                


                39
            



                91
            


                    Ruth
                


                36
            



                92
            


                    Empire
                


                35
            



                93
            


                    Manhattan
                


                35
            



                94
            


                    Denio
                


                32
            



                95
            


                    Charlestown Nevis
                


                31
            



                96
            


                    Primm
                


                31
            



                97
            


                    Nixon
                


                29
            



                98
            


                    Goodsprings
                


                28
            



                99
            


                    Sloan
                


                26
            



                100
            


                    Mountain City
                


                25
            



                101
            


                    Valmy
                


                25
            



                102
            


                    Mercury
                


                23
            



                103
            


                    Silverpeak
                


                23
            



                104
            


                    Mount Charleston
                


                21
            



                105
            


                    Duckwater
                


                20
            



                106
            


                    Walker Lake
                


                20
            



                107
            


                    Lockwood
                


                18
            



                108
            


                    Jarbidge
                


                16
            



                109
            


                    Lake Tahoe
                


                13
            



                110
            


                    Beowawe
                


                12
            



                111
            


                    Gold Hill
                


                12
            



                112
            


                    St Las Vegas
                


                12
            



                113
            





                11
            



                114
            


                    Lake City
                


                10
            



                115
            


                    Midas
                


                10
            



                116
            


                    Mountain Springs
                


                10
            



                117
            


                    The Lakes
                


                10
            



                118
            


                    Luning
                


                9
            



                119
            


                    XX
                


                9
            



                120
            


                    None None
                


                8
            



                121
            


                    Palm Gardens
                


                8
            



                122
            


                    Unionville
                


                8
            



                123
            


                    X
                


                8
            



                124
            


                    Carson
                


                7
            



                125
            


                    Charlestown
                


                7
            



                126
            


                    Coyote Springs
                


                7
            



                127
            


                    So Buffalo Drive Suite A 101-419 Las Vegas
                


                7
            



                128
            


                    St Henderson
                


                7
            



                129
            


                    Cold Creek
                


                6
            



                130
            


                    Curacao
                


                6
            



                131
            


                    Gold Point
                


                6
            



                132
            


                    Lane
                


                6
            



                133
            


                    Los Angles
                


                6
            



                134
            


                    2nd Fl Las Vegas
                


                5
            



                135
            


                    City
                


                5
            



                136
            


                    Copenhagen
                


                5
            



                137
            


                    Lv
                


                5
            



                138
            


                    Vegas
                


                5
            



                139
            


                    Gold River
                


                4
            



                140
            


                    Jordan
                


                4
            



                141
            


                    Main St. Charlestown
                


                4
            



                142
            


                    Oasis
                


                4
            



                143
            


                    San Diego
                


                4
            



                144
            


                    Valley
                


                4
            



                145
            


                    112 Reno
                


                3
            



                146
            


                    689 Tina Court A Family Trust/Mbr Stateline
                


                3
            



                147
            


                    C/O Hacienda Hotel U S Highway 93 Boulder City
                


                3
            



                148
            


                    Ch Nevis
                


                3
            



                149
            


                    City of Industry
                


                3
            



                150
            


                    Culver City
                


                3
            



                151
            


                    Del Norte Wy Rayomun Contractor N Las Vegas
                


                3
            



                152
            


                    Japan
                


                3
            



                153
            


                    Las Vegas 19
                


                3
            



                154
            


                    London
                


                3
            



                155
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                3
            



                156
            


                    Nelson
                


                3
            



                157
            


                    Oklahoma City
                


                3
            



                158
            


                    Phoenix
                


                3
            



                159
            


                    PO Box 2445 Pahrump
                


                3
            



                160
            


                    Seoul Korea
                


                3
            



                161
            


                    Vancouver Bc
                


                3
            



                162
            


                    Xxxxxxx
                


                3
            



                163
            


                    1350 East Flamingo Jerry Goeden Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    1521 Silent Sunset Avenue North Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    209 Reno
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    263 Henderson
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    8-9-15 Goinza Chuo-Ku Tokoyo Japan
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    A-2 Minden
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    at Mathis Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Brook
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    C-15 Henderson
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    C/O National Registered Agents Carson City
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    C/O Ra Carson City
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Cal-Nev-Ari
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Cc
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Central Hong Kong
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Chandler
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Charelston
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    Charleston
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Charlotte
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Cincinati
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Clayton
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Clifton Bristol
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Clinch's House Lord Street Douglas Isle of Man
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Crystal
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    David Bear Mooresville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Divine Life and His Su Overseer of T Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Dk 2400 Copenhagen
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Dk 5210 Odense
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    Dr
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    E28 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Elsinore
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    Florham Park
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    Foster City
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    Fruit Heights
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    Gd PO Box 3390 Manoukian Scarpello Stateline
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    General Partner Dallas
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Greenwood Village
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    Hollywood
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    James Colgan M D Carson City
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Jiggs
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    La Cruces
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Lak Tahoe
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Lake Tahoe Stateline
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Manager/Member D Ruth Ahl Family Tr Henderson
                


                2
            



                210
            


                    Member Paul A Covec/Joanne Incline Village
                


                2
            



                211
            


                    Moapa Valley
                


                2
            



                212
            


                    N/A N/A
                


                2
            



                213
            


                    None Listed
                


                2
            



                214
            


                    None Listed None
                


                2
            



                215
            


                    None Listed None Listed
                


                2
            



                216
            


                    None Stated Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                217
            


                    Nv Corp Reno
                


                2
            



                218
            


                    O Howard Hughes C Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                219
            


                    Oklahoma City Ok
                


                2
            



                220
            


                    Oliaji Trade Francis Rachel Mahe Seychelles
                


                2
            



                221
            


                    Oranjestad
                


                2
            



                222
            


                    Oranjestard Aruba
                


                2
            



                223
            


                    Pasadena
                


                2
            



                224
            


                    Plantation
                


                2
            



                225
            


                    PO Box 113 Deerfield
                


                2
            



                226
            


                    PO Box 27740
                


                2
            



                227
            


                    PO Box 7872 Incline Village
                


                2
            



                228
            


                    Preston
                


                2
            



                229
            


                    Provo
                


                2
            



                230
            


                    Ranleigh
                


                2
            



                231
            


                    Rich Stand International Co LLC Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                232
            


                    Saint Louis
                


                2
            



                233
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                2
            



                234
            


                    Scottsdale
                


                2
            



                235
            


                    Seattle
                


                2
            



                236
            


                    Seattle Washington
                


                2
            



                237
            


                    Secon Floor Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                238
            


                    Shakiba Ghobadpour Reno
                


                2
            



                239
            


                    Siegfried H Wallin Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                240
            


                    Springs
                


                2
            



                241
            


                    Ste 101 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                242
            


                    Ste 366 Reno
                


                2
            



                243
            


                    Ste 500 On and Werner Bentler Reno Family Trust
                


                2
            



                244
            


                    Steve Bufington Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                245
            


                    Stuite 100 Roseville
                


                2
            



                246
            


                    Suite 365 Las Veags
                


                2
            



                247
            


                    Suite 400 Boca Raton
                


                2
            



                248
            


                    T Mathis Pres Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                249
            


                    Tahoe
                


                2
            



                250
            


                    The Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                251
            


                    Uknown
                


                2
            



                252
            


                    University of Nevada School of Medicine Reno
                


                2
            



                253
            


                    Vancouver B C
                


                2
            



                254
            


                    Vista
                


                2
            



                255
            


                    Washington 739
                


                2
            



                256
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                2
            



                257
            


                    Westley
                


                2
            



                258
            


                    Wilmington
                


                2
            



                259
            


                    Winston-Salem
                


                2
            



                260
            


                    XX Carson City
                


                2
            



                261
            


                    Xxxx
                


                2
            



                262
            


                    Xxxxx
                


                2
            



                263
            


                    Xxxxxx
                


                2
            



                264
            


                    .
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    ...
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    101 Convention Center Dr Ste 700 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    10th Fl Boulder City
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    110 Reno
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    1193A Hwy 50 Zephyr Cove
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    11th Floor New York City
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    120-146 Hednerson
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    1224 New York
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    137 C/O Falcon Hawk Entertainment Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    158 Costa Mesa
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    160 Bailey Dr Hawthorne
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    163 Sacramento
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    19A New York
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    1st Fl Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    2-J New York
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    2047 West Charleston Blvd Ste 120 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    234 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    238 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    23rd Floor New York
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    2406 Cornice Court S Lake Tahoe
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    251 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    2610 W Halcome Blvd Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    2654 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy Ste B-5 Henderson
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    28th Fl New York
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    291 Henderson
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    2A New York
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    2URRIE6
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    3 Reno
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    321 Ski Way Unit 102 Incline Village
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    355 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    366 Carson
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    3675 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 107-400 Searchlight
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    36th Floor New York
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    38W New York
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    392 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    400 Las Vegas
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Las Vegas, Nevada Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Las Vegas, NV Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Nevada








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Property Profile Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Macario C. Manuel










Kotobuki Marketing, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Takehisa Naito
Keishi Ikeda










Pechua

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Huy Truong
Quang Vu Than
Ninh Ngo










Nxxlvl Group Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian Fletcher
Willis Oliver
Antoine Keane










Time 2 Get Away Network L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yelena Protopopova
Ben Arave










Das Plane LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Maurice Gallagher
Ronald B. Booth
Robert N. Thompson










Travelers Unlimited Group Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stephen Luter
Jonathan Clarke
Andre Clarke










Premium Produce LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sharon L. Poon
Stephen A. Silverman
Priscilla Vilchis










Ratso, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Corinne Vaughn
Bruce Wagner










Panther Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Brazil
Kirk Brazil
Steven R. Campbell










Tgig, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Demetrious Kouretas
Nycole Cummings
I. Scott Bogatz










High Grade Gypsum LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael J. Rhodes
Ryan Rhodes
Jim Rhodes










Dbnice Ltd

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bai Heng Zhang
Daling Zhang
Yan Xiao










Club 662

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tammie Hawkins










Precision Assets

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Avi Segal
Eyal Karban
Guy Tumarkin










Saticoy Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bay Harbor Trust










Frontier Estates LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clear As Mud, Inc.
Jared Weiss
Robert Weiss










Lone Mountain Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
George Archos
Samuel Dorf
Uc Nevada L.L.C.










Absolute Nevada LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Vicki L. Porter
Carrol Wayne Porter
Donald Hoffman










Woodlock Industries, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario A. Gallo
John E. Gallo










Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Excellence Health Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joel Jan Smolibowski
Luca Leon Jungbauer










Einstein Sports Advisory Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John F. Thomas
Ronald A. Colquitt










Quizno's

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Waiss
Elden Allard
Michael Meoli










Athlete Acquisitions LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Epner










Mbt 420, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Jaac Enterprises

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeanette S. Martin










Target Network Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Luzano










Hom Legacy Fund, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Leonard Hom Lee










Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Howard H. Piper










Flavor Waves, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










920 Emerald Bay LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Gatsby Development LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Ochin LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Kb California Dialysis St, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Kenna IV, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Verdant Building, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Real Wealth Realty, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Head First, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Tlc Properties, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Jas Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Songbird Dream Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sandra A. Zoellner
Michael P. McCarthy










Solid Foundation LLC.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Petsmart, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rose Flores
Jim Antupoulos
Rich Stiso










Taco Bell Corp

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Alvardo
Daniela Butnoy










Weedsb, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marc C. Gordon
Gene Auffert










360 Jets Inc

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chun Kim
Eun Joo Hwang
Kerry Park










Pv Asset Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        










Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC

                                                
                                                    Las Vegas, NV
                                                
                                        




















                    Recently found companies in Las Vegas
                





Company
Found




Jaac Enterprises


                22 days ago
            



Hom Legacy Fund, LLC


                22 days ago
            



Target Network Inc


                22 days ago
            



Tlc Properties, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Jas Investments, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Solid Foundation LLC.


                23 days ago
            



Ochin LLC


                23 days ago
            



Verdant Building, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Mbt 420, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Real Wealth Realty, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Head First, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Hi-Tek L.V., Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Flavor Waves, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Lifestyles Housing Solutions LLC.


                27 days ago
            



to The Top Enterprises, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Songbird Dream Investments, LLC


                29 days ago
            



Renaissance


                29 days ago
            



920 Emerald Bay LLC


                30 days ago
            



Kenna IV, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Gatsby Development LLC


                30 days ago
            



Kb California Dialysis St, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Pv Asset Management, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Cpap Store Los Angeles, LLC


                30 days ago
            



Tran, Kiss, & Daniels Limited Liability Co.


                30 days ago
            



Accurate Installations, Inc


                30 days ago
            



Lph Consulting Group, Inc.


                30 days ago
            



Reichert Chiropractic, Inc.


                30 days ago
            



Gsc US Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Grasshopper Solar


                30 days ago
            



Mvp Preferred Parking, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Groveland 1, LLC


                1 month ago
            



High Rollers Luxury Smoking LLC


                1 month ago
            



Rsa Holdings La Jolla, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Dw Holland Waterproofing, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pssi News Group LLC


                1 month ago
            



1st Choice Properties, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Quality Investment Properties, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Red Cherry Group, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



The Lux Group, Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As The Lux Group Real Estate


                1 month ago
            



Access Capital, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Black Thunder, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Linnez Corporation


                1 month ago
            



Lpisr Inc


                1 month ago
            



AC Property Mgmt., LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pacific Real Estate School LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pw Agency, LLC.


                1 month ago
            



Tk-421, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Ipop L.L.C.


                1 month ago
            



Spanish Hills Apartments Holdings Limited Partnership


                1 month ago
            



Courtyard Realty Holding LLC


                1 month ago
            



Advanced Pipe Restoration & Repipe Co.


                1 month ago
            








Top cities in Nevada





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Las Vegas
                


                616,273
            



                2
            


                    Henderson
                


                125,298
            



                3
            


                    Reno
                


                109,323
            



                4
            


                    Carson City
                


                84,871
            



                5
            


                    North Las Vegas
                


                27,233
            



                6
            


                    Sparks
                


                24,271
            



                7
            


                    Mesquite
                


                17,596
            



                8
            


                    Minden
                


                11,002
            



                9
            


                    Ely
                


                10,808
            



                10
            


                    Incline Village
                


                10,709
            



                11
            


                    Gardnerville
                


                7,334
            



                12
            


                    Pahrump
                


                7,238
            



                13
            


                    Boulder City
                


                5,458
            



                14
            


                    Elko
                


                5,320
            



                15
            


                    Stateline
                


                5,157
            



                16
            


                    Fallon
                


                4,077
            



                17
            


                    Fernley
                


                3,974
            



                18
            


                    Zephyr Cove
                


                3,911
            



                19
            


                    Silver Springs
                


                3,620
            



                20
            


                    Winnemucca
                


                2,376
            



                21
            


                    Dayton
                


                2,139
            



                22
            


                    Spring Creek
                


                1,730
            



                23
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                1,434
            



                24
            


                    Laughlin
                


                1,349
            



                25
            


                    Yerington
                


                1,285
            



                26
            


                    Verdi
                


                1,179
            



                27
            


                    Washoe Valley
                


                1,039
            



                28
            


                    Logandale
                


                829
            



                29
            


                    Overton
                


                815
            



                30
            


                    Genoa
                


                765
            



                31
            


                    Battle Mountain
                


                653
            



                32
            


                    Wellington
                


                625
            



                33
            


                    Lovelock
                


                592
            



                34
            


                    Crystal Bay
                


                580
            



                35
            


                    Glenbrook
                


                557
            



                36
            


                    Virginia City
                


                553
            



                37
            


                    Tonopah
                


                444
            



                38
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                431
            



                39
            


                    Jean
                


                419
            



                40
            


                    Wells
                


                413
            



                41
            


                    Eureka
                


                322
            



                42
            


                    Mound House
                


                257
            



                43
            


                    Caliente
                


                226
            



                44
            


                    Pioche
                


                214
            



                45
            


                    Lamoille
                


                202
            



                46
            


                    Alamo
                


                197
            



                47
            


                    Moapa
                


                197
            



                48
            


                    Carlin
                


                196
            



                49
            


                    Amargosa Valley
                


                195
            



                50
            


                    Bunkerville
                


                194
            



                51
            


                    Smith
                


                194
            



                52
            


                    Round Mountain
                


                180
            



                53
            


                    Panaca
                


                177
            



                54
            


                    Stagecoach
                


                167
            



                55
            


                    Beatty
                


                157
            



                56
            


                    Blue Diamond
                


                155
            



                57
            


                    Sandy Valley
                


                155
            



                58
            


                    West Wendover
                


                147
            



                59
            


                    Austin
                


                144
            



                60
            


                    Searchlight
                


                134
            



                61
            


                    Nellis Afb
                


                132
            



                62
            


                    Indian Springs
                


                130
            



                63
            


                    Orovada
                


                127
            



                64
            


                    Goldfield
                


                126
            



                65
            


                    Dyer
                


                120
            



                66
            


                    McGill
                


                112
            



                67
            


                    Wadsworth
                


                100
            



                68
            


                    Wendover
                


                85
            



                69
            


                    Silver City
                


                84
            



                70
            


                    Deeth
                


                80
            



                71
            


                    Paradise Valley
                


                80
            



                72
            


                    Baker
                


                77
            



                73
            


                    McCarran
                


                77
            



                74
            


                    Gerlach
                


                76
            



                75
            


                    Hiko
                


                75
            



                76
            


                    Lund
                


                72
            



                77
            


                    Ruby Valley
                


                69
            



                78
            


                    Imlay
                


                66
            



                79
            


                    Crescent Valley
                


                65
            



                80
            


                    Jackpot
                


                63
            



                81
            


                    McDermitt
                


                59
            



                82
            


                    Schurz
                


                57
            



                83
            


                    Mina
                


                56
            



                84
            


                    Montello
                


                47
            



                85
            


                    Spanish Springs
                


                47
            



                86
            


                    Tuscarora
                


                45
            



                87
            


                    Owyhee
                


                44
            



                88
            


                    Cal Nev Ari
                


                41
            



                89
            


                    Gabbs
                


                39
            



                90
            


                    Golconda
                


                39
            



                91
            


                    Ruth
                


                36
            



                92
            


                    Empire
                


                35
            



                93
            


                    Manhattan
                


                35
            



                94
            


                    Denio
                


                32
            



                95
            


                    Charlestown Nevis
                


                31
            



                96
            


                    Primm
                


                31
            



                97
            


                    Nixon
                


                29
            



                98
            


                    Goodsprings
                


                28
            



                99
            


                    Sloan
                


                26
            



                100
            


                    Mountain City
                


                25
            



                101
            


                    Valmy
                


                25
            



                102
            


                    Mercury
                


                23
            



                103
            


                    Silverpeak
                


                23
            



                104
            


                    Mount Charleston
                


                21
            



                105
            


                    Duckwater
                


                20
            



                106
            


                    Walker Lake
                


                20
            



                107
            


                    Lockwood
                


                18
            



                108
            


                    Jarbidge
                


                16
            



                109
            


                    Lake Tahoe
                


                13
            



                110
            


                    Beowawe
                


                12
            



                111
            


                    Gold Hill
                


                12
            



                112
            


                    St Las Vegas
                


                12
            



                113
            





                11
            



                114
            


                    Lake City
                


                10
            



                115
            


                    Midas
                


                10
            



                116
            


                    Mountain Springs
                


                10
            



                117
            


                    The Lakes
                


                10
            



                118
            


                    Luning
                


                9
            



                119
            


                    XX
                


                9
            



                120
            


                    None None
                


                8
            



                121
            


                    Palm Gardens
                


                8
            



                122
            


                    Unionville
                


                8
            



                123
            


                    X
                


                8
            



                124
            


                    Carson
                


                7
            



                125
            


                    Charlestown
                


                7
            



                126
            


                    Coyote Springs
                


                7
            



                127
            


                    So Buffalo Drive Suite A 101-419 Las Vegas
                


                7
            



                128
            


                    St Henderson
                


                7
            



                129
            


                    Cold Creek
                


                6
            



                130
            


                    Curacao
                


                6
            



                131
            


                    Gold Point
                


                6
            



                132
            


                    Lane
                


                6
            



                133
            


                    Los Angles
                


                6
            



                134
            


                    2nd Fl Las Vegas
                


                5
            



                135
            


                    City
                


                5
            



                136
            


                    Copenhagen
                


                5
            



                137
            


                    Lv
                


                5
            



                138
            


                    Vegas
                


                5
            



                139
            


                    Gold River
                


                4
            



                140
            


                    Jordan
                


                4
            



                141
            


                    Main St. Charlestown
                


                4
            



                142
            


                    Oasis
                


                4
            



                143
            


                    San Diego
                


                4
            



                144
            


                    Valley
                


                4
            



                145
            


                    112 Reno
                


                3
            



                146
            


                    689 Tina Court A Family Trust/Mbr Stateline
                


                3
            



                147
            


                    C/O Hacienda Hotel U S Highway 93 Boulder City
                


                3
            



                148
            


                    Ch Nevis
                


                3
            



                149
            


                    City of Industry
                


                3
            



                150
            


                    Culver City
                


                3
            



                151
            


                    Del Norte Wy Rayomun Contractor N Las Vegas
                


                3
            



                152
            


                    Japan
                


                3
            



                153
            


                    Las Vegas 19
                


                3
            



                154
            


                    London
                


                3
            



                155
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                3
            



                156
            


                    Nelson
                


                3
            



                157
            


                    Oklahoma City
                


                3
            



                158
            


                    Phoenix
                


                3
            



                159
            


                    PO Box 2445 Pahrump
                


                3
            



                160
            


                    Seoul Korea
                


                3
            



                161
            


                    Vancouver Bc
                


                3
            



                162
            


                    Xxxxxxx
                


                3
            



                163
            


                    1350 East Flamingo Jerry Goeden Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    1521 Silent Sunset Avenue North Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    209 Reno
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    263 Henderson
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    8-9-15 Goinza Chuo-Ku Tokoyo Japan
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    A-2 Minden
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    at Mathis Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Brook
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    C-15 Henderson
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    C/O National Registered Agents Carson City
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    C/O Ra Carson City
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Cal-Nev-Ari
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Cc
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Central Hong Kong
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Chandler
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Charelston
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    Charleston
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Charlotte
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Cincinati
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Clayton
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Clifton Bristol
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Clinch's House Lord Street Douglas Isle of Man
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Coral Gables
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Crystal
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    David Bear Mooresville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Divine Life and His Su Overseer of T Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Dk 2400 Copenhagen
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Dk 5210 Odense
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    Dr
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    E28 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Elsinore
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    Florham Park
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    Foster City
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    Fruit Heights
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    Gd PO Box 3390 Manoukian Scarpello Stateline
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    General Partner Dallas
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Greenwood Village
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    Hollywood
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    James Colgan M D Carson City
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Jiggs
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    La Cruces
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Lak Tahoe
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Lake Tahoe Stateline
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Manager/Member D Ruth Ahl Family Tr Henderson
                


                2
            



                210
            


                    Member Paul A Covec/Joanne Incline Village
                


                2
            



                211
            


                    Moapa Valley
                


                2
            



                212
            


                    N/A N/A
                


                2
            



                213
            


                    None Listed
                


                2
            



                214
            


                    None Listed None
                


                2
            



                215
            


                    None Listed None Listed
                


                2
            



                216
            


                    None Stated Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                217
            


                    Nv Corp Reno
                


                2
            



                218
            


                    O Howard Hughes C Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                219
            


                    Oklahoma City Ok
                


                2
            



                220
            


                    Oliaji Trade Francis Rachel Mahe Seychelles
                


                2
            



                221
            


                    Oranjestad
                


                2
            



                222
            


                    Oranjestard Aruba
                


                2
            



                223
            


                    Pasadena
                


                2
            



                224
            


                    Plantation
                


                2
            



                225
            


                    PO Box 113 Deerfield
                


                2
            



                226
            


                    PO Box 27740
                


                2
            



                227
            


                    PO Box 7872 Incline Village
                


                2
            



                228
            


                    Preston
                


                2
            



                229
            


                    Provo
                


                2
            



                230
            


                    Ranleigh
                


                2
            



                231
            


                    Rich Stand International Co LLC Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                232
            


                    Saint Louis
                


                2
            



                233
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                2
            



                234
            


                    Scottsdale
                


                2
            



                235
            


                    Seattle
                


                2
            



                236
            


                    Seattle Washington
                


                2
            



                237
            


                    Secon Floor Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                238
            


                    Shakiba Ghobadpour Reno
                


                2
            



                239
            


                    Siegfried H Wallin Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                240
            


                    Springs
                


                2
            



                241
            


                    Ste 101 Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                242
            


                    Ste 366 Reno
                


                2
            



                243
            


                    Ste 500 On and Werner Bentler Reno Family Trust
                


                2
            



                244
            


                    Steve Bufington Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                245
            


                    Stuite 100 Roseville
                


                2
            



                246
            


                    Suite 365 Las Veags
                


                2
            



                247
            


                    Suite 400 Boca Raton
                


                2
            



                248
            


                    T Mathis Pres Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                249
            


                    Tahoe
                


                2
            



                250
            


                    The Chuck and Vicki King Family Trust Las Vegas
                


                2
            



                251
            


                    Uknown
                


                2
            



                252
            


                    University of Nevada School of Medicine Reno
                


                2
            



                253
            


                    Vancouver B C
                


                2
            



                254
            


                    Vista
                


                2
            



                255
            


                    Washington 739
                


                2
            



                256
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                2
            



                257
            


                    Westley
                


                2
            



                258
            


                    Wilmington
                


                2
            



                259
            


                    Winston-Salem
                


                2
            



                260
            


                    XX Carson City
                


                2
            



                261
            


                    Xxxx
                


                2
            



                262
            


                    Xxxxx
                


                2
            



                263
            


                    Xxxxxx
                


                2
            



                264
            


                    .
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    ...
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    101 Convention Center Dr Ste 700 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    10th Fl Boulder City
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    110 Reno
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    1193A Hwy 50 Zephyr Cove
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    11th Floor New York City
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    120-146 Hednerson
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    1224 New York
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    137 C/O Falcon Hawk Entertainment Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    158 Costa Mesa
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    160 Bailey Dr Hawthorne
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    163 Sacramento
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    19A New York
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    1st Fl Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    2-J New York
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    2047 West Charleston Blvd Ste 120 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    234 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    238 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    23rd Floor New York
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    2406 Cornice Court S Lake Tahoe
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    251 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    2610 W Halcome Blvd Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    2654 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy Ste B-5 Henderson
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    28th Fl New York
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    291 Henderson
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    2A New York
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    2URRIE6
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    3 Reno
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    321 Ski Way Unit 102 Incline Village
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    355 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    366 Carson
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    3675 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 107-400 Searchlight
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    36th Floor New York
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    38W New York
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    392 Las Vegas
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    400 Las Vegas
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.














