


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Sat Jul 22 11:22:44 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                










Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































2017 Investment Outlook




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















2017 Investment Outlook


































The Long Cycle Continues





We expect the long post-crisis economic recovery to continue in 2017. As a base case, we think growth is poised to broaden out to more countries, with the global economy drawing on more sources of strength than at any point since 2010.
From an investment perspective, our base case view is broadly supportive for risk assets. We prefer equities over credit and credit over rates, but we expect low returns from these traditional exposures given 1) elevated valuations, 2) limited upside for corporate earnings from current levels and 3) limits to economic growth potential. Broadening exposure beyond conventional stocks and bonds, identifying opportunities in emerging markets and deploying more dynamic asset allocation strategies are some ways to adapt.
In some respects, our outlook represents an extension of the same long cycle we envisioned heading into 2016. The key difference for 2017 revolves around four emerging transitions. Populism is challenging globalism and creating new tail risks. Concerns about low growth are giving way to concerns about inflation. Years of focus on monetary policy are giving way to a close watch over fiscal policy. And concerns about new regulation are acceding to hopes for de-regulation.
Transition will be an evolving theme in 2017, and we will be re-visiting it in our publications throughout the year. In this Investment Outlook, we highlight specific signposts we will be watching, both to gauge the pace of transition and to test our base case view on the key investment questions.









Three Key Questions







Is it time to de-risk?
Is it time to de-risk?
No. We think de-risking would be premature, at
least from a purely return-generating standpoint. We
expect the macro environment to remain supportive
of risk assets during 2017 amid a slow-but-steady
expansion in developed markets and an acceleration
of growth in some emerging markets.

VIEW MORE



What’s driving the expansion?
What’s driving the expansion?
We believe this is a slow-growth recovery best
explained by cyclical economic drivers. We believe
the concerns about the developed world being mired
in a pattern of underinvestment and stalled growth—
so-called secular stagnation—are overdone.

VIEW MORE



Where do we see opportunities?
Where do we see opportunities?
In a low-return world, we look for sources of
return beyond conventional stock and bond market
approaches. We also think range-bound or volatile
markets create opportunities for more dynamic
investment strategies.

VIEW MORE






 
 






Transitions We’re Watching in 2017


















												Globalism to Populism
											



The biggest transition in the current environment is a shift away from globalism to a rising populist trend.















												Stagnation to Inflation
											



We expect concerns around potential secular stagnation to give way to a more inflationary paradigm in the US.















												Monetary to Fiscal Policy
											



The focus for stimulus is shifting toward fiscal spending, as central banks are stretching toward the limits of their easing ability.
















												Regulation to De-Regulation
											



We see the potential for greater regulatory divergence globally and the potential for competitive de-regulation.









2017 GDP Forecasts by Country, Region and Market (%)
We expect the prolonged expansion phase of the growth cycle to continue in 2017
 










Source: GSAM. As of January 2017.






Our 12-Month Cross-Asset Views Compared to 2016
We favor equities and emerging market assets over corporate credit and government bonds
 










Source: GSAM Global Portfolio Solutions (GPS) as of December 2016 and are subject to change. Chart reflects GPS relative asset allocation views and may not be representative of each GSAM portfolio team’s view on opportunities within individual markets.






Related Items











2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK
Download the full publication

 
													DOWNLOAD
												





2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK CHARTBOOK
Download the chartbook

 
													DOWNLOAD
												















                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               




SOLUTIONS FOR






                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Goldman Sachs Active Beta ETFs



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















 

 


Goldman Sachs ETFs



































ACTIVEBETA®
1 of 4





ACCESS BONDS
2 of 4





HEDGE INDUSTRY
3 of 4





TREASURY ACCESS
4 of 4













Next Generation of ETF Investing

                Over the last two decades, investors have increasingly turned to Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) seeking to benefit from a defined strategy, diversified exposure to stocks, tax efficiency and low costs. Today, we combine the potential benefits of ETFs with the advanced strategies of Goldman Sachs Asset Managment (GSAM).
            









What Are the Potential Benefits of ETFs?





ETFs have grown in popularity due to the many benefits they offer: intraday trading ease, relative transparency and a likelihood of tax efficiency—all typically at lower total cost than most actively managed mutual funds.
 











The Four Ts









 
Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only.
We note that ETFs are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money. Please see the ETF Risk Disclosures for additional risk considerations in the end disclosures. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a retroactive basis.










Exponential Growth of the ETF Market





Developed in the early 1990s with lower cost, transparency and tax efficiency in mind, today there are ETFs representing both broad and narrow sectors of the market, and hundreds of ways to diversify. With $2 trillion in investor assets, it’s safe to say that ETFs are here to stay.
 







 








Growth of ETFs










 







EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 






Next Generation of Equity Index Investing

                GSAM has developed a series of ETFs built on smart beta1 principles—a transparent, rules-based strategy that goes beyond stocks’ market capitalization, resulting in a more economically intuitive way to invest.
            

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs

 / 






















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs





These ETFs are designed to track an ActiveBeta® Index, a proprietary performance-seeking methodology from Goldman Sachs, which tilts towards stocks based on four well-established drivers of performance, often referred to as factors.








The Four Factors














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ Investing









Opportunity to Outperform the Market




To construct the ActiveBeta® Index, GSAM employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify and emphasize stocks within the market-cap weighted universe, potentially providing greater returns.
 









A Diversified Approach




Individual factors can be cyclical in the short run, which may lead to timing and performance challenges. Combining four complementary smart beta factors equally can potentially result in a more consistent investment experience over time.
 









Lower Cost




Not only are ActiveBeta™ ETFs a fraction of the price of most smart beta ETFs, they are also among the most competitively priced products on the market.2











Source: Morningstar and GSAM as of May 16, 2016. For illustrative purposes only.
There is no guarantee that these objectives will be met. ActiveBeta® is a trademark of Goldman Sachs. 9.0 bps (after expense limitation) for ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF refers to the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF. 9.5 bps for largest ETF by Assets under Management (AUM) refers to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the distributor for the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). 35.3 bps refers to the average fund fee for Strategic Beta ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category and 32.2 bps refers to the average fund fee of index ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category.








ActiveBeta™ ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												










Next Generation Fixed Income Investing

                GSAM now offers the next generation, smart beta Access ETFs that seek better risk-adjusted returns to help meet the needs of today’s fixed income investor.
            









Access ETFs by Goldman Sachs





GSAM’s Access ETFs can help investors build efficient fixed income portfolios. Going a step further than traditional market-value weighted methodology, a smart beta approach selects bonds based on liquidity and customized fundamentals.














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs Fixed Income Investing









Smarter Access to Bond Markets




The index employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify an investible universe, then eliminates issuers with relative deteriorating fundamentals to offer exposure to existing sector or market beta.
 









Seeks Smoother Performance, Less Volatility




As bond investors look for income and diversification, a smart beta approach seeks liquidity while minimizing exposure to factors historically associated with volatility and underperformance.
 









Lower Cost




Access ETFs are among the most competitively priced ETFs on the market. They also offer transparency and can alleviate some of the challenges of buying bonds in the over-the-counter market.3










Source: GSAM and Morningstar. Data as of March 31, 2017. For illustrative purposes only. The GS Access Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF expense ratio is 14 basis points (bp). Please see the end notes for expense ratio and other important disclosures. Category expense ratios represent category averages for all funds in the corporate bond category as defined by Morningstar. The average net expense ratio for ETFs in the category is 19 bps and for active and passive mutual funds combined, I-Shares only, it is 57 bps.








Access ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to Top Insights

                GSAM developed the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which tracks insights from some of the leading thinkers in the hedge fund universe. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF seeks to track this index and provides exposure to hedge fund managers’ most important long equity ideas.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP)





The fund seeks to track the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which is constructed in accordance with a rules-based methodology derived from concepts previously developed by Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. The Index is designed to measure the performance of fundamentally-driven hedge fund managers' “Very-Important-Positions” — those positions that appear most frequently among their top 10 long equity holdings. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP) seeks to deliver these high-conviction ideas through the ease, transparency and liquidity of an ETF.









The Advantages of Investing in GVIP














The Fund is not a hedge fund and does not invest in hedge funds.
1. ETFs offer many benefits, including intraday trading, relative transparency and tax efficiency potential, all at typically lower expense ratios than most actively-managed mutual funds.








Hedge Industry VIP ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to the Treasury Market

                GSAM developed an ETF that provides access to Treasuries with a maturity of less than a year, which are backed by the full faith and credit of the US Government. Investors in the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF can gain easy access to Treasury markets while avoiding the operational and pricing complexities of US Treasury Auctions and over-the-counter market.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL)





The fund seeks to track the Citi US Treasury 0–1 Year Composite Select Index, which is designed to measure the performance of U.S. Treasury Obligations4 with a maximum remaining maturity of one year. The Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0–1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL) provides access to the Treasury market through a lower cost, convenient and transparent ETF. The fund benefits from the experience of the GSAM Liquidity Solutions team, providing trade execution, price negotiation and security selection in the short-term Treasury market.









The Advantages of Investing in GBIL










Any guarantee on U.S Treasury Obligations applies only to the underlying securities of the Fund if held to maturity and not to the value of the Fund’s shares.
Individual shares may only be purchased and sold in secondary market transactions through brokers; shares trade at market prices rather than NAV; shares may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV; and investors may incur commission costs when buying or selling shares.
The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value.








TreasuryAccess ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Goldman Sachs Exchange-Traded Funds

	       At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we have a history of investment innovation—grounded in our commitment to provide clients with solutions that keep up with changing times. Our skilled investment teams manage a variety of advanced strategies** that capitalize on our global reach and deep knowledge of the markets. By offering these advanced strategies as Goldman Sachs ETFs, we continue this legacy and lead the way for the next generation of ETF investing.
	    

EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 












                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               




























































 













 






NIS INTERMEDIATE FIXED INCOME FUND Milwaukee WI, 53202 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
NIS Intermediate Fixed Income Fund
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







NIS Intermediate Fixed Income Fund



777 E Wisconsin Ave, Ste 2350

Milwaukee,
							
							
							 WI
							
							
							 53202-5310
							
							 |  view map



						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

NIS INTERMEDIATE FIXED INCOME FUND in Milwaukee, WI.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

James Community Funeral Home Inc


Universal Technical Institute Inc


Glacial Lakes Energy LLC


VA Medical


Michelin


Dicks Sporting Goods Inc


Dorchester Academy Inc


Stuart Allan & Associates Inc


Albertville Quality Foods


Talbots








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on NIS Intermediate Fixed Income Fund
Rate NIS Intermediate Fixed Income Fund on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about NIS Intermediate Fixed Income Fund
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLTAIRE
VUDEN INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

SPECIALTY B SALES
CITY OF WEST MEMPHIS
AUTO BODY SUPPLY
BAYOU FASTENERS & SUPPLY CO
HOPPERS HAULING
DAVIS TRUE VALUE HARDWARE INC
CHAPMAN SCOTTSDALE AUTOPLEX LLC
WONDER JR HIGH SCHOOL
BRISTYAN A
FARMERS FEED SERVICE

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



















NIS INTERMEDIATE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Brooks  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









NIS INTERMEDIATE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    777 E Wisconsin Avenue Suite 2350 
    Milwaukee, WI, 53202Phone: (414) 765-1980 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


Amended


$1,017,060,782


n/a


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Robert Brooks 
 Director, Executive 


 Larry H. Haslee 
 Executive 


 Bartlett J. Mc Cartin 
 Director, Executive 


 N/A N/A National Investment Services, Inc. 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Norman E. Sidler 
 Director, Executive 


 Kent J. White 
 Director, Executive 





















 




NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC  Funding details


NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001240927Address: 777 E WISCONSIN AVENUE SUITE 2350 MILWAUKEE 53202Phone number: 4147651980



Latest news
NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC raised $1,154,807,166 from 50 investors on 2016-11-23.



NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-23Amended Form DIndefinite$1,154,807,166Indefinite$05006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC raised $1,154,807,166 in total.



Directors and Executives of NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC
Key People in NIS CORE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC:

n/a National Investment Services, Inc.Robert BrooksKent WhiteLarry HasleeNorman SidlerBartlett McCartin
Similar companiesNistica Inc, Nisswa Acquisition Fund LP, NISSWA ACQUISITION FUND LTD, Nisswa Energy Partners L.P., NIS Capital Partners LP, Nishkama Capital Fund LP, NISTAR CAPITAL LP, NIS Short Duration High Yield Fund, LLC, Nisolo, LLC, NIS High Yield Fund, LLC, NIS Preferred Stock Fund II, LLC, NIS INTERMEDIATE FIXED INCOME FUND LLC








Last visited companies: DataPoint, LLC, Kapteyn-Murnane Laboratories, Inc., IGENICA BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC, Beon Home, Inc., AL-MS Group, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















Hedge Funds: 
  National Investment Services, Inc











Hedge Funds
Public Info on a Private Industry




Funds
Books
Contact





National Investment Services, Inc





Read About Hedge Funds








Key Facts

Websitehttp://www.nisi.net
HeadquartersMilwaukee, WI
Employees35
AUM$4.9 billion
AUM as ofMarch 29, 2016
Clients344











Overview
  National Investment Services, Inc is a hedge fund based in Milwaukee, WI.
   It was founded in 11/1993.
  They hold $4.9 billion in assets under management as of March 29, 2016.
  Read their Plain English Brochure.

Sub Funds and Performance


NameAUM (bn)
Type
Min Investment
Num Clients
Internal $ %
Fund of Funds $ %
Prime Brokers


Nis Core Fixed Income Fund, LLC 0.827
Other
250,000
37





Nis High Yield Fund, LLC 0.190
Other
0
61





Nis Intermediate Fixed Income Fund, LLC 0.653
Other
250,000
35





Nis Preferred Stock Fund II, LLC 0.215
hedge fund
250,000
54
1.0

Jefferies


Nis Short Duration High Yield Fund, LLC 0.026
Other
1,000,000
2





Nis Small/Mid Cap Value Equity Fund, LLC 0.001
Other
1,000,000
1
100.0




Nis Total Absolute Return Fund, LLC 0.236
hedge fund
1,000,000
70
1.0






Key People


NameTitlePositionOwnership


 Robert BrooksChief Executive Officer/Director
Owner or OfficerNone


 Robert BrooksNone
Indirect OwnerOther


 John FremgenPrincipal/Managing Partner
Owner or OfficerNone


 John FremgenNone
Indirect OwnerOther


 Larry HasleeVice President, Chief Compliance Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Bartlett MccartinPrincipal/Managing Partner
Owner or OfficerNone


 Bartlett MccartinNone
Indirect OwnerOther


 Tyler PullenVp- Chief Equity Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 George RusuNone
Indirect OwnerOther


 Norman SidlerPrincipal/Managing Partner
Owner or OfficerNone


 Norman SidlerNone
Indirect OwnerOther


 Kent WhiteSenior Vice President, Chief Investment Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Kent WhiteNone
Indirect OwnerOther












    Copyright © 2016 Track Hedge Funds.  
    
      
      Login







Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/rankings/intermediate-term-bond" on this server.
Reference #18.17e0fc7d.1500736982.16afc9a2





Fixed Income Funds at Fidelity














































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Stability and Experience – Fixed Income Funds at Fidelity
                                                        

                                           

			Fidelity is one of the most experienced fixed income managers in the industry, with over 205 professionals managing more than $954 billion in assets.1
Open an Account








 Why Fidelity for fixed income investments 

24 Fidelity fixed income funds have been awarded 4- or 5- stars by Morningstar®.2
9 Fidelity fixed income funds have earned a GOLD Morningstar Analyst rating.3
Fidelity manages 2 of 7 fixed income funds mentioned in Kiplinger's 25 Favorite No-Load Funds for 2016.4
Fidelity Total Bond Fund portfolio managers – Ford O'Neil, Matthew Conti, Jeffrey Moore, and Michael Foggin – win coveted Morningstar 2016 U.S. Fixed-Income Fund Manager of the Year award.5
















Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)
This fund seeks a high level of current income and can be used as a core bond investment by investors with a long-term perspective. Fund manager Ford O'Neil and his co-managers run the fund as a "bond multivitamin," a core holding that offers exposure to a broad range of fixed income assets.
The fund has offered:

Broad exposure to government and investment-grade corporate bonds
Opportunistic high-yield investments
A track record of competitive total returns

Fidelity fund manager insights
 Hear Portfolio Manager Ford O'Neil discuss Fidelity's Total Bond Fund, and his investment process.
Watch the video (9:04)















Fidelity Total Bond ETF (FBND)

The Fidelity Total Bond ETF is an intermediate-term exchange-traded fund (ETF) that uses a diversified fixed income strategy that seeks to deliver risk-adjusted outperformance during all interest rate environments.
The ETF uses a similar investing strategy as the Fidelity® Total Bond Fund, but provides the flexibility of an ETF, such as:

Intraday pricing and trading
Daily transparency of holdings
Diversification opportunities











Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)
The fund seeks to generate an attractive level of tax-exempt income while protecting shareholder capital. Fund manager Mark Sommer strives to build a diversified portfolio of municipal bonds with moderate interest rate sensitivity, and to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns through the use of both fundamental and quantitative analysis.
Here are three strategies the fund is pursuing now:

Emphasizing hospitals that are attractive acquisition candidates
Emphasizing a maturity mix that we expect to outperform if rates move higher
Managing with a heightened awareness of potential market liquidity challenges








Additional resources




Fidelity bond funds in the Kiplinger's 25

















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.




         Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
	
      



         ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
      




Keep in mind that investing involves risk. The value of your investment will fluctuate over time, and you may gain or lose money.





Diversification/asset allocation does not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.




         1. Data accurate as of 3/31/2017.
	
      



         2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-star Morningstar Rating. For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of the funds in an investment category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
      



         3. The Morningstar Analyst Rating is a subjective, forward-looking evaluation that considers a combination of qualitative and quantitative factors to rate funds on five key pillars: process, performance, people, parent, and price. Gold is the highest of four Analyst Rating categories. Analyst Ratings are subjective in nature and should not be used as the sole basis for investment decisions. Analyst Ratings are based on Morningstar's Manager Research Group's current expectations about future events and therefore involve unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause such expectations not to occur or to differ significantly from what was expected. Analyst Ratings are not guarantees nor should they be viewed as an assessment of a fund’s or the fund's underlying securities' creditworthiness. For the full rating methodology, go to Corporate.Morningstar.com/us/documents/MethodologyDocuments/AnalystRatingforFundsMethodology.pdf.
	
      



         4. Kiplinger's Magazine, May 2016. Industry review of 25 no-load mutual funds. Each year, Kiplinger's Personal Finance compiles a list of their favorite no-load mutual funds. The list includes 25 funds with seasoned managers, a proven track record, and low fees. Fidelity Intermediate Municipal Income Fund and Fidelity New Market Income Fund were selected.
	
      



         5. Established in 1988, the Morningstar Fund Manager of the Year award recognizes portfolio managers who demonstrate excellent investment skill and the courage to differ from the consensus to benefit investors. To qualify for the award, managers' funds must have not only posted impressive returns for the year, but the managers also must have a record of delivering outstanding long-term risk-adjusted performance and of aligning their interests with shareholders'. Nominated funds must be Morningstar Medalists – a fund that has garnered a Morningstar Analyst RatingTM of Gold, Silver, or Bronze. The Fund Manager of the Year award winners are chosen based on research and in-depth qualitative evaluation by Morningstar's Manager Research Group. Research Group consists of various wholly owned subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc. including, but not limited to, Morningstar Research Services LLC.
	
      



         In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding onto them until maturity is not possible.
	
      



         Lower-quality bonds can be more volatile and have greater risk of default than higher-quality bonds.
	
      



         Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets. Leverage can increase market exposure and magnify investment risk.
	
      



         Leverage can increase market exposure and magnify investment risk.
	
      



         The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative, or political changes, and by the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities.
	
      



         ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for mutual fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.
	
      



         Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Member NYSE, SIPC.
	
      

702165.6.1










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Fund News















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mutual Fund Spotlights
                                                        

                                           

			Stay up-to-date on the latest Fidelity fund news.
		




















 All mutual fund spotlights
 



Four Fidelity funds named to the Kiplinger 25


Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM


Total Bond Team Named 2016 U.S. Fixed-Income Fund Manager of the Year


11 Fidelity Mutual Funds Won a Total of 14 U.S. Lipper Fund Awards


Taking Control of Fluctuations


Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund


Looking for Income and Capital Appreciation?


Income-Producing Fidelity Fund Picks®


Stability and Experience – Fixed Income Funds at Fidelity


Defined Maturity Funds























Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


          * The funds on the Fund Picks From Fidelity® list are selected based on certain selection criteria. Fund Picks From Fidelity is not a personalized recommendation or endorsement of any fund for an investor's individual circumstances.
	
    


726604.5.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Sat Jul 22 11:23:08 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                










Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































2017 Investment Outlook




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















2017 Investment Outlook


































The Long Cycle Continues





We expect the long post-crisis economic recovery to continue in 2017. As a base case, we think growth is poised to broaden out to more countries, with the global economy drawing on more sources of strength than at any point since 2010.
From an investment perspective, our base case view is broadly supportive for risk assets. We prefer equities over credit and credit over rates, but we expect low returns from these traditional exposures given 1) elevated valuations, 2) limited upside for corporate earnings from current levels and 3) limits to economic growth potential. Broadening exposure beyond conventional stocks and bonds, identifying opportunities in emerging markets and deploying more dynamic asset allocation strategies are some ways to adapt.
In some respects, our outlook represents an extension of the same long cycle we envisioned heading into 2016. The key difference for 2017 revolves around four emerging transitions. Populism is challenging globalism and creating new tail risks. Concerns about low growth are giving way to concerns about inflation. Years of focus on monetary policy are giving way to a close watch over fiscal policy. And concerns about new regulation are acceding to hopes for de-regulation.
Transition will be an evolving theme in 2017, and we will be re-visiting it in our publications throughout the year. In this Investment Outlook, we highlight specific signposts we will be watching, both to gauge the pace of transition and to test our base case view on the key investment questions.









Three Key Questions







Is it time to de-risk?
Is it time to de-risk?
No. We think de-risking would be premature, at
least from a purely return-generating standpoint. We
expect the macro environment to remain supportive
of risk assets during 2017 amid a slow-but-steady
expansion in developed markets and an acceleration
of growth in some emerging markets.

VIEW MORE



What’s driving the expansion?
What’s driving the expansion?
We believe this is a slow-growth recovery best
explained by cyclical economic drivers. We believe
the concerns about the developed world being mired
in a pattern of underinvestment and stalled growth—
so-called secular stagnation—are overdone.

VIEW MORE



Where do we see opportunities?
Where do we see opportunities?
In a low-return world, we look for sources of
return beyond conventional stock and bond market
approaches. We also think range-bound or volatile
markets create opportunities for more dynamic
investment strategies.

VIEW MORE






 
 






Transitions We’re Watching in 2017


















												Globalism to Populism
											



The biggest transition in the current environment is a shift away from globalism to a rising populist trend.















												Stagnation to Inflation
											



We expect concerns around potential secular stagnation to give way to a more inflationary paradigm in the US.















												Monetary to Fiscal Policy
											



The focus for stimulus is shifting toward fiscal spending, as central banks are stretching toward the limits of their easing ability.
















												Regulation to De-Regulation
											



We see the potential for greater regulatory divergence globally and the potential for competitive de-regulation.









2017 GDP Forecasts by Country, Region and Market (%)
We expect the prolonged expansion phase of the growth cycle to continue in 2017
 










Source: GSAM. As of January 2017.






Our 12-Month Cross-Asset Views Compared to 2016
We favor equities and emerging market assets over corporate credit and government bonds
 










Source: GSAM Global Portfolio Solutions (GPS) as of December 2016 and are subject to change. Chart reflects GPS relative asset allocation views and may not be representative of each GSAM portfolio team’s view on opportunities within individual markets.






Related Items











2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK
Download the full publication

 
													DOWNLOAD
												





2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK CHARTBOOK
Download the chartbook

 
													DOWNLOAD
												















                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               




SOLUTIONS FOR






                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Goldman Sachs Active Beta ETFs



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















 

 


Goldman Sachs ETFs



































ACTIVEBETA®
1 of 4





ACCESS BONDS
2 of 4





HEDGE INDUSTRY
3 of 4





TREASURY ACCESS
4 of 4













Next Generation of ETF Investing

                Over the last two decades, investors have increasingly turned to Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) seeking to benefit from a defined strategy, diversified exposure to stocks, tax efficiency and low costs. Today, we combine the potential benefits of ETFs with the advanced strategies of Goldman Sachs Asset Managment (GSAM).
            









What Are the Potential Benefits of ETFs?





ETFs have grown in popularity due to the many benefits they offer: intraday trading ease, relative transparency and a likelihood of tax efficiency—all typically at lower total cost than most actively managed mutual funds.
 











The Four Ts









 
Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only.
We note that ETFs are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money. Please see the ETF Risk Disclosures for additional risk considerations in the end disclosures. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a retroactive basis.










Exponential Growth of the ETF Market





Developed in the early 1990s with lower cost, transparency and tax efficiency in mind, today there are ETFs representing both broad and narrow sectors of the market, and hundreds of ways to diversify. With $2 trillion in investor assets, it’s safe to say that ETFs are here to stay.
 







 








Growth of ETFs










 







EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 






Next Generation of Equity Index Investing

                GSAM has developed a series of ETFs built on smart beta1 principles—a transparent, rules-based strategy that goes beyond stocks’ market capitalization, resulting in a more economically intuitive way to invest.
            

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs

 / 






















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs





These ETFs are designed to track an ActiveBeta® Index, a proprietary performance-seeking methodology from Goldman Sachs, which tilts towards stocks based on four well-established drivers of performance, often referred to as factors.








The Four Factors














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ Investing









Opportunity to Outperform the Market




To construct the ActiveBeta® Index, GSAM employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify and emphasize stocks within the market-cap weighted universe, potentially providing greater returns.
 









A Diversified Approach




Individual factors can be cyclical in the short run, which may lead to timing and performance challenges. Combining four complementary smart beta factors equally can potentially result in a more consistent investment experience over time.
 









Lower Cost




Not only are ActiveBeta™ ETFs a fraction of the price of most smart beta ETFs, they are also among the most competitively priced products on the market.2











Source: Morningstar and GSAM as of May 16, 2016. For illustrative purposes only.
There is no guarantee that these objectives will be met. ActiveBeta® is a trademark of Goldman Sachs. 9.0 bps (after expense limitation) for ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF refers to the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF. 9.5 bps for largest ETF by Assets under Management (AUM) refers to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the distributor for the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). 35.3 bps refers to the average fund fee for Strategic Beta ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category and 32.2 bps refers to the average fund fee of index ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category.








ActiveBeta™ ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												










Next Generation Fixed Income Investing

                GSAM now offers the next generation, smart beta Access ETFs that seek better risk-adjusted returns to help meet the needs of today’s fixed income investor.
            









Access ETFs by Goldman Sachs





GSAM’s Access ETFs can help investors build efficient fixed income portfolios. Going a step further than traditional market-value weighted methodology, a smart beta approach selects bonds based on liquidity and customized fundamentals.














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs Fixed Income Investing









Smarter Access to Bond Markets




The index employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify an investible universe, then eliminates issuers with relative deteriorating fundamentals to offer exposure to existing sector or market beta.
 









Seeks Smoother Performance, Less Volatility




As bond investors look for income and diversification, a smart beta approach seeks liquidity while minimizing exposure to factors historically associated with volatility and underperformance.
 









Lower Cost




Access ETFs are among the most competitively priced ETFs on the market. They also offer transparency and can alleviate some of the challenges of buying bonds in the over-the-counter market.3










Source: GSAM and Morningstar. Data as of March 31, 2017. For illustrative purposes only. The GS Access Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF expense ratio is 14 basis points (bp). Please see the end notes for expense ratio and other important disclosures. Category expense ratios represent category averages for all funds in the corporate bond category as defined by Morningstar. The average net expense ratio for ETFs in the category is 19 bps and for active and passive mutual funds combined, I-Shares only, it is 57 bps.








Access ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to Top Insights

                GSAM developed the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which tracks insights from some of the leading thinkers in the hedge fund universe. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF seeks to track this index and provides exposure to hedge fund managers’ most important long equity ideas.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP)





The fund seeks to track the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which is constructed in accordance with a rules-based methodology derived from concepts previously developed by Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. The Index is designed to measure the performance of fundamentally-driven hedge fund managers' “Very-Important-Positions” — those positions that appear most frequently among their top 10 long equity holdings. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP) seeks to deliver these high-conviction ideas through the ease, transparency and liquidity of an ETF.









The Advantages of Investing in GVIP














The Fund is not a hedge fund and does not invest in hedge funds.
1. ETFs offer many benefits, including intraday trading, relative transparency and tax efficiency potential, all at typically lower expense ratios than most actively-managed mutual funds.








Hedge Industry VIP ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to the Treasury Market

                GSAM developed an ETF that provides access to Treasuries with a maturity of less than a year, which are backed by the full faith and credit of the US Government. Investors in the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF can gain easy access to Treasury markets while avoiding the operational and pricing complexities of US Treasury Auctions and over-the-counter market.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL)





The fund seeks to track the Citi US Treasury 0–1 Year Composite Select Index, which is designed to measure the performance of U.S. Treasury Obligations4 with a maximum remaining maturity of one year. The Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0–1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL) provides access to the Treasury market through a lower cost, convenient and transparent ETF. The fund benefits from the experience of the GSAM Liquidity Solutions team, providing trade execution, price negotiation and security selection in the short-term Treasury market.









The Advantages of Investing in GBIL










Any guarantee on U.S Treasury Obligations applies only to the underlying securities of the Fund if held to maturity and not to the value of the Fund’s shares.
Individual shares may only be purchased and sold in secondary market transactions through brokers; shares trade at market prices rather than NAV; shares may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV; and investors may incur commission costs when buying or selling shares.
The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value.








TreasuryAccess ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Goldman Sachs Exchange-Traded Funds

	       At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we have a history of investment innovation—grounded in our commitment to provide clients with solutions that keep up with changing times. Our skilled investment teams manage a variety of advanced strategies** that capitalize on our global reach and deep knowledge of the markets. By offering these advanced strategies as Goldman Sachs ETFs, we continue this legacy and lead the way for the next generation of ETF investing.
	    

EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 












                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               




















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









































































American Funds


































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































