 















Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust

Moody's Org ID:724694791







Moody's Org ID:724694791

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Auto Loans > Prime <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS industry page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 6
Of 
        6


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    14 Mar 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Nissan US prime auto loan ABS issued between 2013 and 2016





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Oct 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Oct 2015
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust Deal v1.1 Compared To Auto Loans v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Oct 2015
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Oct 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Oct 2015
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust Deal v1.0 Compared To Auto Loans v2.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 6
Of 
        6


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






































































































 













 













 








Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation Ii, As Depositor - Trust Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement     > AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES CORPORATION II, as Depositor

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation Ii, As Depositor
Trust Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Trust Agreement involves NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES 2015-C OWNER TRUST | ADMINISTRATOR, NMAC, NARC II, NISSAN NORTH AMERICA, INC | Depositor , WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING RESTRICTIONS WILL BE VOID AB | NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES CORPORATION | Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES CORPORATION II, as Depositor Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 10/9/2015 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 4.2

EXECUTION COPY

NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES 2015-C
OWNER TRUST
(a Delaware Statutory Trust)

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST
AGREEMENT

between

NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES
CORPORATION II,
as Depositor,

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,
as Owner Trustee,

and

U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION,
as Certificate Registrar and Paying
Agent

Dated as of October 14,
2015



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 









ARTICLE I


 


DEFINITIONS


  


 



1


  









SECTION 1.01


 


Definitions


  


 



1


  




SECTION 1.02


 


Usage of Terms


  


 



1


  









ARTICLE II


 


CREATION OF TRUST


  


 



1


  









SECTION 2.01


 


Creation of Trust


  


 



1


  




SECTION 2.02


 


Office


  


 



1


  




SECTION 2.03


 


Purposes and Powers


  


 



2


  




SECTION 2.04


 


Appointment of the Owner Trustee


  


 



2


  




SECTION 2.05


 


Declaration of Trust


  


 



2


  




SECTION 2.06


 


Liability of the Certificateholders


  


 



3


  




SECTION 2.07


 


Title to Trust Property


  


 



3


  




SECTION 2.08


 


Situs of Trust


  


 



3


  




SECTION 2.09


 


Representations and Warranties of the
Depositor


  


 



3


  




SECTION 2.10


 


Covenants of the Certificateholder


  


 



4


  









ARTICLE III


 


CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF
INTERESTS


  


 



5


  









SECTION 3.01


 


The Certificates


  


 



5


  




SECTION 3.02


 


Authentication of Certificates


  


 



5


  




SECTION 3.03


 


Registration of Transfer and Exchange of
Certificates


  


 



5


  




SECTION 3.04


 


Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen
Certificates


  


 



8


  




SECTION 3.05


 


Persons Deemed Certificateholders


  


 



8


  




SECTION 3.06


 


Access to List of Certificateholders’
Names and Addresses


  


 



8


  




SECTION 3.07


 


Maintenance of Office or Agency


  


 



9


  




SECTION 3.08


 


Appointment of Paying Agent


  


 



9


  




SECTION 3.09


 


Legending of Certificates


  


 



10


  




SECTION 3.10


 


Actions of Certificateholders


  


 



11


  









ARTICLE IV


 


ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE OR
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS


  


 



11


  









SECTION 4.01


 


Prior Notice to Certificateholders with Respect
to Certain Matters


  


 



11


  




SECTION 4.02


 


Action by Certificateholders with Respect to
Certain Matters


  


 



12


  




SECTION 4.03


 


Action with Respect to Bankruptcy


  


 



12


  




SECTION 4.04


 


Restrictions on Certificateholders’
Power


  


 



12


  




SECTION 4.05


 


Majority of the Certificates Control


  


 



12


  









ARTICLE V


 


APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN
DUTIES


  


 



13


  









SECTION 5.01


 


Establishment of Accounts


  


 



13


  




SECTION 5.02


 


Application of Amounts in Trust
Accounts


  


 



13


  




SECTION 5.03


 


Method of Payment


  


 



14


  




SECTION 5.04


 


Accounting and Reports to the Noteholders, the
Certificateholders, the Internal Revenue Service and
Others


  


 



14


  




 
-i-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 









SECTION 5.05


 


Signature on Returns; Tax Matter
Partner


  


 



15


  




SECTION 5.06


 


Duties of Depositor on Behalf of
Trust


  


 



15


  









ARTICLE VI


 


AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER
TRUSTEE


  


 



15


  









SECTION 6.01


 


General Authority


  


 



15


  




SECTION 6.02


 


General Duties


  


 



16


  




SECTION 6.03


 


Duties of the Owner Trustee


  


 



16


  




SECTION 6.04


 


No Duties Except as Specified in this Agreement
or in Instructions


  


 



17


  




SECTION 6.05


 


No Action Except Under Specified Documents or
Instructions


  


 



18


  




SECTION 6.06


 


Restrictions


  


 



18


  









ARTICLE VII


 


CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



18


  









SECTION 7.01


 


Rights of the Owner Trustee


  


 



18


  




SECTION 7.02


 


Furnishing of Documents


  


 



19


  




SECTION 7.03


 


Representations and Warranties


  


 



19


  




SECTION 7.04


 


Reliance; Advice of Counsel


  


 



20


  




SECTION 7.05


 


Not Acting in Individual Capacity


  


 



21


  




SECTION 7.06


 


Owner Trustee Not Liable for Certificates or
Receivables


  


 



21


  




SECTION 7.07


 


Owner Trustee May Own Certificates and
Notes


  


 



21


  









ARTICLE VIII


 


COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE


  


 



22


  









SECTION 8.01


 


Owner Trustee’s Fees and
Expenses


  


 



22


  




SECTION 8.02


 


Indemnification


  


 



22


  




SECTION 8.03


 


Payments to the Owner Trustee


  


 



22


  









ARTICLE IX


 


TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT


  


 



23


  









SECTION 9.01


 


Termination of Trust Agreement


  


 



23


  









ARTICLE X


 


SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER
TRUSTEES


  


 



24


  









SECTION 10.01


 


Eligibility Requirements for Owner
Trustee


  


 



24


  




SECTION 10.02


 


Resignation or Removal of Owner
Trustee


  


 



24


  




SECTION 10.03


 


Successor Owner Trustee


  


 



25


  




SECTION 10.04


 


Merger or Consolidation of Owner
Trustee


  


 



26


  




SECTION 10.05


 


Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate
Trustee


  


 



26


  









ARTICLE XI


 


MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



27


  









SECTION 11.01


 


Supplements and Amendments


  


 



27


  




SECTION 11.02


 


No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate in
Certificateholders


  


 



28


  




SECTION 11.03


 


Limitations on Rights of Others


  


 



28


  




SECTION 11.04


 


Notices


  


 



28


  




SECTION 11.05


 


Severability


  


 



29


  




 
-ii-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 









SECTION 11.06


 


Counterparts


  


 



29


  




SECTION 11.07


 


Successors and Assigns


  


 



29


  




SECTION 11.08


 


No Petition


  


 



29


  




SECTION 11.09


 


No Recourse


  


 



30


  




SECTION 11.10


 


Headings


  


 



30


  




SECTION 11.11


 


GOVERNING LAW


  


 



30


  




 









Exhibit A


  


Form of
Certificate




Exhibit
B


  


Form of
Transferee Representation Letter




Exhibit
C


  


Form of
Transferor Representation Letter




 
-iii-



AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST
AGREEMENT, dated as of October 14, 2015 (this “
Agreement ”), between NISSAN AUTO RECEIVABLES
CORPORATION II, a Delaware corporation, as depositor (the “
Depositor ), WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a
national banking association with trust powers, as owner trustee
(in such capacity, the “ Owner Trustee ”), and
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION a national banking association, as
certificate registrar and paying agent (in such capacity, as
applicable, the “ Certificate Registrar ” or the
“ Paying Agent ”) amending and restating in its
entirety the Trust Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2015
(the “ Original Trust Agreement ”), between the
same parties, and herein referred to as the “ Trust
Agreement ” or this “ Agreement
.”

IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual
agreements herein contained, and of other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01 Definitions .
Except as otherwise specified herein or if the context may
otherwise require, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined
herein have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the
Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the
“ Sale and Servicing Agreement ”), by and among
Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, as seller, Nissan Motor
Acceptance Corporation, as servicer, and the Nissan Auto
Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust, as issuer.

SECTION 1.02 Usage of Terms .
With respect to all terms in this Agreement, the singular includes
the plural and the plural the singular; words importing any gender
include the other genders; references to “writing”
include printing, typing, lithography and other means of
reproducing words in a visible form; references to agreements
and other contractual instruments include all subsequent
amendments, amendments and restatements and supplements thereto or
changes therein entered into in accordance with their respective
terms and not prohibited by this Agreement; references to Persons
include their permitted successors and assigns; references to laws
include their amendments and supplements, the rules and regulations
thereunder and any successors thereto; and the term
“including” means “including without
limitation.”

ARTICLE II

Creation of Trust

SECTION 2.01 Creation of
Trust . A Delaware statutory trust known as “Nissan Auto
Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust” was formed in accordance with
the provisions of the Statutory Trust Act pursuant to the Original
Trust Agreement, under which name the Trust may engage in
activities as permitted by the Basic Documents, make and execute
contracts and other instruments and sue and be sued, to the extent
provided herein.

SECTION 2.02 Office . The
principal place of business of the Trust for purposes of Delaware
law shall be in care of the Owner Trustee at the Corporate Trust
Office or at such other address in Delaware as the Owner Trustee
may designate by written notice to the Certificateholders and the
Servicer. The Trust may establish additional offices located at
such place or places inside or outside of the State of Delaware as
the Owner Trustee may designate by written notice to the
Certificateholders and the Administrator.
 
(Nissan 2015-C Amended & Restated Trust
Agreement)



SECTION 2.03 Purposes and
Powers .

(a) The purpose of the Trust is, and
the Trust shall have the power and authority and is authorized, to
engage in the following activities:

(i) to issue Notes pursuant to the
Indenture and Certificates pursuant to this Agreement;

(ii) to acquire the Transferred
Assets from the Depositor in exchange for the Notes and
Certificates pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement;

(iii) to assign, grant, transfer,
pledge, mortgage and convey the Owner Trust Estate pursuant to, and
on the terms and conditions set forth in, the Indenture and to
hold, manage and distribute to the Certificateholders pursuant to
the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement any portion of the
Owner Trust Estate released from the Lien of, and remitted to the
Trust pursuant to, the Indenture as set forth therein and in the
Sale and Servicing Agreement;

(iv) to enter into and perform its
obligations under the Basic Documents to which it is to be a
party;

(v) to engage in those activities,
including entering into agreements, that are necessary, suitable or
convenient to accomplish the foregoing or are incidental thereto or
connected therewith; and

(vi) subject to compliance with the
Basic Documents, to engage in such other activities as may be
required in connection with conservation of the Owner Trust Estate
and the making of distributions to the Certificateholders and the
Noteholders and in respect of amounts to be released to the
Depositor, the Servicer, the Administrator and third parties, if
any.

(b) The Trust shall not engage in
any activity other than in connection with the foregoing and as
required or authorized by the terms of the Basic
Documents.

SECTION 2.04 Appointment of the
Owner Trustee . The Seller hereby appoints the Owner Trustee as
trustee of the Issuer effective as of the date hereof, to have all
the rights, powers and duties set forth herein.

SECTION 2.05 Declaration of
Trust . The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the
Owner Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions set
forth herein for the use and benefit of the Certificateholders,
subject to the obligations of the Trust under the Basic Documents.
It is the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust constitute
a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust Act and that this
Agreement constitute the governing instrument of such statutory
trust. It is the intention of the parties hereto that, for federal
income and state and local income and franchise tax purposes, until
the Certificates are beneficially owned by more
 












 



2


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






than one Person (and all such owners are not
treated as the same Person for federal income tax purposes), the
Trust will be disregarded as an entity separate from the Depositor
(or another Person that beneficially owns all of the Certificates)
and the Notes will be characterized as debt. At such time that the
Certificates are beneficially owned by more than one Person (and
all such owners are not treated as the same Person for federal
income tax purposes), it is the intention of the parties hereto
that, for income and franchise tax purposes, the Trust shall be
treated as a partnership, with the assets of the partnership being
the Receivables and other assets held by the Trust, the partners of
the partnership being the Certificateholders, and the Notes being
debt of the partnership. The Depositor and the Certificateholders,
by acceptance of a Certificate, agree to such treatment and agree
to take no action inconsistent with such treatment. The parties
agree that, unless otherwise required by appropriate tax
authorities, until the Certificates are beneficially owned by more
than one Person (and all such owners are not treated as the same
Person for federal income tax purposes), the Trust will not file or
cause to be filed annual or other necessary tax returns, reports
and other forms inconsistent with the characterization of the Trust
as a disregarded entity of its owner. Effective as of the date
hereof, the Owner Trustee shall have all rights, powers and duties
set forth herein and, to the extent not inconsistent herewith, in
the Statutory Trust Act with respect to accomplishing the purposes
of the Trust. At the direction of the Depositor, the Owner Trustee
caused to be filed the Certificate of Trust pursuant to the
Statutory Trust Act, and the Owner Trustee shall file or cause to
be filed such amendments thereto as shall be necessary or
appropriate to satisfy the purposes of this Agreement and as shall
be consistent with the provisions hereof.

SECTION 2.06 Liability of the
Certificateholders . No Certificateholder (including the
Depositor if the Depositor is a Certificateholder) shall have any
personal liability for any liability or obligation of the Trust,
solely by reason of it being a Certificateholder.

SECTION 2.07 Title to Trust
Property . Legal title to all of the Owner Trust Estate shall
be vested at all times in the Trust as a separate legal
entity.

SECTION 2.08 Situs of Trust .
The Trust will be located in Delaware and administered in the
states of Delaware or New York. All bank accounts maintained by the
Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust shall be located in the State
of Delaware or the State of Minnesota. The Trust shall not have any
employees in any state other than Delaware; provided ,
however , that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the
Owner Trustee from having employees within or without the State of
Delaware. Payments will be received by the Trust only in Delaware
or New York, and payments will be made by the Trust only from
Delaware or New York. The principal office of the Trust will be at
the Corporate Trust Office in Delaware.

SECTION 2.09 Representations and
Warranties of the Depositor . The Depositor hereby represents
and warrants to the Owner Trustee that as of the Closing
Date:

(a) Organization and Good
Standing . The Depositor has been duly organized and is validly
existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware, with corporate power and authority to own its
properties and to conduct its business as such properties are
currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had
at all relevant times, and has, corporate power, authority and
legal right to acquire and own the Receivables.
 












 



3


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







(b) Due Qualification . The
Depositor is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
in good standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and
approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of
property or the conduct of its business shall require such
qualifications, and where the failure to so qualify would have a
material adverse effect on the ability of the Depositor to perform
its obligations under this Agreement.

(c) Power and Authority . The
Depositor has the corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms. The Depositor
has full power and authority to sell and assign the property to be
sold and assigned to and deposited as part of the Owner Trust
Estate and has duly authorized such sale and assignment to the
Trust by all necessary corporate action; and the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized
by the Depositor by all necessary corporate action.

(d) Binding Obligations .
This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
Depositor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and
by general equitable principles.

(e) No Violation . The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the fulfillment of the terms hereof do not conflict with, result in
any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute
(with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Depositor, or any
indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the Depositor is
a party or by which it shall be bound; nor result in the creation
or imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to
the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument
(other than the Basic Documents); nor violate any law or, to the
best of the Depositor’s knowledge, any order, rule or
regulation applicable to the Depositor of any court or of any
federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other
governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor
or its properties; which breach, default, conflict, Lien or
violation in any case would have a material adverse effect on the
ability of the Depositor to perform its obligations under this
Agreement.

(f) No Proceedings . There
are no proceedings or investigations pending, or, to the best of
the Depositor’s knowledge, threatened, before any court,
regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Depositor or its
properties: (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement;
(ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) seeking any
determination or ruling that would materially and adversely affect
the performance by the Depositor of its obligations under, or the
validity or enforceability of, this Agreement; or
(iv) relating to the Depositor and that would adversely affect
the federal or any state income tax attributes of the Trust, the
Certificates or the Notes.

(g) Independent Director .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Depositor’s
Formation Documents, the Depositor shall ensure that at least one
director of the Depositor shall be an Independent
Director.

SECTION 2.10 Covenants of the
Certificateholder . Each Certificateholder, by becoming a
beneficial owner of the Certificate, hereby acknowledges and agrees
(a) that the
 












 



4


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






Certificateholder is subject to the terms,
provisions and conditions of the Certificate, to which the
Certificateholder agrees to be bound; and (b) that it shall
not take any position in such Certificateholder’s tax returns
inconsistent with Section 2.05 herein and
Section 2.13 of the Indenture.

ARTICLE III

Certificates and Transfer of
Interests

SECTION 3.01 The Certificates
. The Certificates shall be issued in minimum denominations of
$25,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Trust by manual or
facsimile signature of a Trust Officer of the Owner Trustee and
authenticated on behalf of the Owner Trustee by the manual or
facsimile signature of a Trust Officer. Certificates bearing the
manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were, at the time
when such signatures shall have been affixed, authorized to sign on
behalf of the Trust, shall be validly issued and entitled to the
benefits of this Agreement and shall be valid and binding
obligations of the Trust, notwithstanding that such individuals or
any of them shall have ceased to be so authorized prior to the
authentication and delivery of such Certificates or did not hold
such offices at the date of authentication and delivery of such
Certificates.

The Certificates may be printed,
lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in
any authorized denomination in the form of Exhibit A
hereto.

If a transfer of a Certificate is
permitted pursuant to Section 3.03 , a transferee of a
Certificate shall become a Certificateholder, and shall be entitled
to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Certificateholder
hereunder, upon such transferee’s acceptance of a Certificate
duly registered in such transferee’s name pursuant to
Section 3.03 .

SECTION 3.02 Authentication of
Certificates . Concurrently with the initial transfer of the
Receivables to the Trust pursuant to the Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall cause to be executed,
authenticated and delivered on behalf of the Trust to the
Depositor, Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to
the Original Certificate Balance and evidencing the entire
ownership of the Trust. No Certificate shall entitle its Holder to
any benefit under this Agreement or be valid for any purpose,
unless there shall appear on such Certificate a certificate of
authentication substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit
A , executed by the Owner Trustee or the Owner Trustee’s
authenticating agent, by manual or facsimile signature of a Trust
Officer, and such authentication shall constitute conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that such Certificate shall have
been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Certificates
shall be dated the date of their authentication. U.S. Bank National
Association shall be the initial authenticating agent of the Owner
Trustee hereunder, and all references herein to authentication by
the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to include the authenticating
agent.

SECTION 3.03 Registration of
Transfer and Exchange of Certificates .

(a) The Certificate Registrar, as an
agent of the Trust, shall keep or cause to be kept, at its
Corporate Trust Office, a Certificate Register in which, subject to
such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, U.S. Bank National
Association shall provide for the registration
 












 



5


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






of Certificates and of transfers and exchanges
of Certificates as herein provided. U.S. Bank National Association
shall be the initial Certificate Registrar. In the event that the
Certificate Registrar shall for any reason become unable to act as
Certificate Registrar, the Certificate Registrar shall promptly
give written notice to such effect to the Depositor, the Owner
Trustee and the Servicer. Upon receipt of such notice, the Servicer
shall appoint another bank or trust company, which shall agree to
act in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement applicable
to it and otherwise acceptable to the Owner Trustee, to act as
successor Certificate Registrar under this Agreement.

(b) Upon surrender for registration
of transfer of any Certificate at the Corporate Trust Office of the
Certificate Registrar or other office or agency maintained pursuant
to Section 3.07 , the Certificate Registrar shall
execute, authenticate and deliver (or shall cause its
authenticating agent to authenticate and deliver), in the name of
the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
Certificates in authorized denominations of a like aggregate amount
dated the date of authentication by the Certificate Registrar or
any authenticating agent. At the option of a Holder, Certificates
may be exchanged for other Certificates of authorized denominations
of a like aggregate amount upon surrender of the Certificates to be
exchanged at the office or agency maintained pursuant to
Section 3.07 . The preceding provisions of this Section
notwithstanding, the Owner Trustee shall not make and the
Certificate Registrar shall not register transfer or exchanges of
Certificates for a period of 15 days preceding the due date for any
payment with respect to the Certificates.

(c) Every Certificate presented or
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form
satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the Certificate Registrar
duly executed by the related Certificateholder or such
Certificateholder’s attorney duly authorized in writing. Each
Certificate surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange
shall be cancelled and subsequently disposed of by the Certificate
Registrar in accordance with its customary practice.

No transfer of a Certificate (or
interest therein) to any transferee shall be made unless the
Certificate Registrar shall have received:

(1) a representation from the
transferee of such Certificate (or interest therein) substantially
in the form of Exhibit B to the effect that:

(i) such transferee acknowledges
that the Certificates have not been and will not be registered
under the Securities Act or the securities law of any
jurisdiction;

(ii) such transferee acknowledges
that if in the future it decides to resell, assign, pledge or
otherwise transfer any Certificates, such Certificates may be
resold, assigned, pledged or transferred only (A) to a United
States Person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code and (B)(i) pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or (ii) in a transaction exempt from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other
securities or “Blue Sky” laws;

(iii) such transferee is not a
Non-U.S. Person;

(iv) such transferee is not a
Benefit Plan;
 












 



6


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







(v) after such transfer (or
purported transfer), the Trust would not have more than 95 direct
or indirect beneficial owners of any interest in the
Certificates;

(vi) no such transfer is effected
through an established securities market or secondary market or
substantial equivalent thereof within the meaning of
Section 7704 of the Code or would make the Trust ineligible
for “safe harbor” treatment under Section 7704 of
the Code;

(vii) the Certificates (or interests
therein) are not acquired by or for the account of a Special
Pass-Through Entity;

(viii) if such transferee is
acquiring any Certificate (or interest therein) for the account of
one or more Persons, (A) it shall provide to the Owner Trustee
and the Depositor information as to the number of such Persons and
any changes in the number of such Persons and (B) any such
change in the number of Persons for whose account a Certificate is
held shall require the written consent of the Depositor, which
consent shall be granted unless the Depositor determines that such
proposed change in number of Persons would create a risk that the
Trust would be classified for federal or any applicable state tax
purposes as an association (or a publicly traded partnership)
taxable as a corporation;

(ix) such transferee understand that
the Certificates will bear legends substantially as set forth in
Section 3.09 ;

(x) no transfer of the Certificates
(or any interest therein) is a transfer of a Certificate (or any
interest therein) with a Certificate Balance of less than
$1,250,000; and

(xi) any attempted transfer that
would cause the number of direct or indirect beneficial owners of
Certificates in the aggregate to exceed 95 or otherwise cause the
Trust to become a publicly traded partnership for income tax
purposes shall be a void transfer.

(2) a representation from the
transferor of such Certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit C ; and

(3) an Opinion of Counsel that the
transfer of such Certificate is being made pursuant to an effective
registration under the Securities Act or is exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

Notwithstanding anything else to the
contrary herein, any purported transfer of a Certificate to, on
behalf of, or utilizing the assets of a Benefit Plan shall be void
and of no effect.

To the extent permitted under
applicable law (including, but not limited to, ERISA), neither the
Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar shall be under any
liability to any Person for any registration of transfer of any
Certificate that is not permitted by this
Section 3.03(c) or for making any payments due on such
Certificate to the Certificateholder thereof or taking any other
action with respect to such Holder under the provisions of this
Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement so long as the
transfer was registered by the Certificate Registrar or the Owner
Trustee in accordance with the foregoing requirements.
 












 



7


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







No service charge shall be made for
any registration of transfer or exchange of Certificates, but the
Owner Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be
imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of
Certificates.

For purposes of this
Section 3.03 , a “Special Pass-Through
Entity” means a (i) grantor trust, S corporation (within
the meaning of Section 1361(a)(1) of the Code), or partnership
or (ii) a disregarded entity the sole owner of which is an
entity described in prong (i), where more than 50% of the value of
a beneficial owner’s interest in such pass through entity is
attributable to the pass-through entity’s interest (including
through a disregarded entity) in the Certificates (or interests
therein).

SECTION 3.04 Mutilated,
Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates . If (a) any
mutilated Certificate shall be surrendered to the Certificate
Registrar, or if the Certificate Registrar shall receive evidence
to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any
Certificate and (b) there shall be delivered to the
Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee such security or
indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless,
then in the absence of notice that such Certificate shall have been
acquired by a protected purchaser, the Owner Trustee on behalf of
the Trust shall execute and the Owner Trustee, or the Certificate
Registrar, as the Owner Trustee’s authenticating agent, shall
authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate, a new Certificate
of like tenor and denomination. In connection with the issuance of
any new Certificate under this Section, the Owner Trustee or the
Certificate Registrar may require the payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection therewith. Any duplicate Certificate issued pursuant
to this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of ownership
in the Trust, as if originally issued, whether or not the lost,
stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found at any
time.

SECTION 3.05 Persons Deemed
Certificateholders . Prior to due presentation of a Certificate
for registration of transfer, the Owner Trustee or the Certificate
Registrar may treat the Person in whose name any Certificate shall
be registered in the Certificate Register as the owner of such
Certificate for the purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to
Section 5.02 and for all other purposes whatsoever, and
neither the Owner Trustee nor the Certificate Registrar shall be
bound by any notice to the contrary.

SECTION 3.06 Access to List of
Certificateholders’ Names and Addresses . The Certificate
Registrar shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Owner
Trustee, the Servicer, the Paying Agent or the Depositor, as the
case may be, within 15 days after its receipt of a request therefor
from the Owner Trustee, the Servicer, the Paying Agent or the
Depositor in writing, a list, in such form as the Owner Trustee,
the Servicer, the Paying Agent or the Depositor may reasonably
require, of the names and addresses of the Certificateholders as of
the most recent Record Date. The Certificate Registrar shall also
promptly furnish to the Owner Trustee and the Paying Agent a copy
of such list at any time there is a change therein. If three or
more Certificateholders or one or more Holders of Certificates
evidencing, in the aggregate, not less
 












 



8


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






than 25% of the Certificate Balance apply in
writing to the Owner Trustee, and such application states that the
applicants desire to communicate with other Certificateholders with
respect to their rights under this Agreement or under the
Certificates and such application is accompanied by a copy of the
communication that such applicants propose to transmit, then the
Owner Trustee shall, within five Business Days after the receipt of
such application, afford such applicants access during normal
business hours to the current list of Certificateholders. Each
Holder, by receiving and holding a Certificate, shall be deemed to
have agreed not to hold any of the Depositor, the Servicer, the
Certificate Registrar or the Owner Trustee accountable by reason of
the disclosure of its name and address, regardless of the source
from which such information was derived. The Certificate Registrar
shall upon the request of the Owner Trustee provide such list, or
access to such list, of Certificateholders as contemplated by this
Section 3.06 .

SECTION 3.07 Maintenance of
Office or Agency . The Owner Trustee shall maintain an office
or offices or agency or agencies where Certificates may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where
notices and demands to or upon the Owner Trustee in respect of the
Certificates and the Basic Documents may be served. The Owner
Trustee initially designates the Corporate Trust Office of the
Certificate Registrar for purposes of surrendering Certificates and
registration or exchange of Certificates, and the Corporate Trust
Office of the Owner Trustee for all other purposes. The Issuer
shall give prompt written notice to the Depositor and to the
Certificateholders of any change in the location of the Certificate
Register or any such office or agency.

SECTION 3.08 Appointment of
Paying Agent . Except during any period when the Indenture
Trustee is authorized and directed to do so under the Indenture
(i.e. prior to the termination of the Indenture), the Paying Agent
shall make distributions to Certificateholders from the Collection
Account pursuant to Section 5.02 and shall report the
amounts of such distributions to the Owner Trustee. Any Paying
Agent shall have the revocable power to withdraw funds from the
Collection Account for the purpose of making the distributions
referred to above. The Owner Trustee may revoke such power and
remove the Paying Agent if the Owner Trustee determines in its sole
discretion that the Paying Agent shall have failed to perform its
obligations under this Agreement in any material respect. The
Paying Agent shall initially be U.S. Bank National Association, and
any co-paying agent chosen by the Owner Trustee, and acceptable to
the Owner Trustee. The Paying Agent shall be permitted to resign as
Paying Agent upon 30 days’ written notice to the Indenture
Trustee and, if the Paying Agent is not the Owner Trustee, to the
Owner Trustee. In the event that U.S. Bank National Association
shall no longer be the Paying Agent, the Owner Trustee shall
appoint a successor to act as Paying Agent (which shall be a bank
or trust company). The Owner Trustee shall cause such successor
Paying Agent or any additional Paying Agent appointed by the Owner
Trustee to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument
in which such successor Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent
shall agree with the Owner Trustee that as Paying Agent, such
successor Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent will hold all
sums, if any, held by it for payment to the Certificateholders in
trust for the benefit of the Certificateholders entitled thereto
until such sums shall be paid to such Certificateholders. The
Paying Agent shall return all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee
and upon removal of a Paying Agent such Paying Agent shall also
return all funds in its possession to the Owner Trustee. The
rights, protections and immunities of the Indenture Trustee under
the Indenture and the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall apply to
U.S. Bank National Association also in its roles as Paying Agent
and Certificate Registrar, for so long
 












 



9


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






as U.S. Bank National Association shall act as
Paying Agent and Certificate Registrar. Any reference in this
Agreement to the Paying Agent shall include any co-paying agent
unless the context requires otherwise.

SECTION 3.09 Legending of
Certificates . Each Certificate shall bear a legend in
substantially the following form, unless the Depositor determines
otherwise in accordance with applicable law:

THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE
SECURITIES OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER
JURISDICTION, AND MAY NOT BE RESOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES OR
“BLUE SKY” LAWS, PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM OR
IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT THERETO. THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY
PURCHASING THIS CERTIFICATE, AGREES THAT THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE
RESOLD, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED ONLY(A) TO A UNITED STATES
PERSON WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE, AND
(B) (i) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (ii) IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER
SECURITIES OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS. IN SUCH CASE THE OWNER
TRUSTEE SHALL REQUIRE (I) THAT THE PROSPECTIVE TRANSFEREE
CERTIFY TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE DEPOSITOR IN WRITING THE FACTS
SURROUNDING SUCH TRANSFER, WHICH CERTIFICATION SHALL BE IN FORM AND
SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND (II) IF REQUESTED
BY THE OWNER TRUSTEE, A WRITTEN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH SHALL NOT
BE AT THE EXPENSE OF THE OWNER TRUSTEE OR THE DEPOSITOR)
SATISFACTORY TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE DEPOSITOR, TO THE EFFECT
THAT SUCH TRANSFER WILL NOT VIOLATE THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH
CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES OR “BLUE
SKY” LAWS OF ANY STATE OR JURISDICTION. ANY ATTEMPTED
TRANSFER IN CONTRAVENTION OF THE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING RESTRICTIONS
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND THE PURPORTED TRANSFEROR WILL CONTINUE
TO BE TREATED AS THE OWNER OF THE CERTIFICATE FOR ALL
PURPOSES.

NO CERTIFICATE OR INTEREST THEREIN
MAY BE ACQUIRED BY OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF (I) AN
“EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF
THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED
(“ERISA”), WHICH IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF TITLE
I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” DESCRIBED IN AND SUBJECT TO
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE
“CODE”), (III) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS
INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S
OR A PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY OR (IV) ANY OTHER
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO A LAW THAT
IS SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY OR PROHIBITED
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (EACH,
A “BENEFIT PLAN”).
 












 



10


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






BY ACCEPTING AND HOLDING A CERTIFICATE OR
INTEREST THEREIN, THE HOLDER THEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT IT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN.

SECTION 3.10 Actions of
Certificateholders .

(a) Any request, demand,
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action
provided by this Agreement to be given or taken by the
Certificateholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more
instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such
Certificateholders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing;
and except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action
shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are
delivered to the Owner Trustee and, when required, to the Depositor
or the Servicer. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a
writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any
purpose of this Agreement and conclusive in favor of the Owner
Trustee, the Depositor and the Servicer, if made in the manner
provided in this Section 3.10 .

(b) The fact and date of the
execution by any Certificateholder of any such instrument or
writing may be proved in any reasonable manner which the Owner
Trustee deems sufficient. Any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other act by a
Certificateholder shall bind every Holder of every Certificate
issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange
therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of anything done, or
omitted to be done, by the Owner Trustee, the Depositor or the
Servicer in reliance thereon, regardless of whether notation of
such action is made upon such Certificate.

(c) The Owner Trustee may require
such additional proof of any matter referred to in this
Section 3.10 as it shall deem necessary.

ARTICLE IV

Actions By Owner Trustee or
Certificateholders

SECTION 4.01 Prior Notice to
Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters . With
respect to the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not take
action on behalf of the Issuer or the Certificateholders unless at
least 10 days before the taking of such action (or such shorter
period as shall be agreed to in writing by all Certificateholders),
the Owner Trustee shall have notified the Certificateholders in
writing of the proposed action and none of the Certificateholders
shall have notified the Owner Trustee in writing prior to the 10th
day (or such agreed upon shorter period) after such notice is given
that such Certificateholders have withheld consent or provided
alternative direction:

(a) the initiation of any claim or
lawsuit by the Trust (except claims or lawsuits brought in
connection with the collection of the Receivables) and the
compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against
the Trust (except with respect to the aforementioned claims or
lawsuits for collection of the Receivables);

(b) the election by the Trust to
file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust (unless such
amendment is required to be filed under the Statutory Trust
Act);
 












 



11


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







(c) the amendment of the Indenture,
whether or not by a Supplemental Indenture, in circumstances where
the consent of any Noteholder is required;

(d) the amendment of any Basic
Document in circumstances where such amendment materially adversely
affects the interest of the Certificateholders; or

(e) the appointment
(i) pursuant to the Indenture of a successor Note Registrar or
Paying Agent, (ii) pursuant to this Agreement of a successor
Certificate Registrar or (iii) any consent by the Note
Registrar, Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee or Certificate
Registrar to the assignment of its respective obligations under the
Indenture or this Agreement, as applicable.

SECTION 4.02 Action by
Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters . The Owner
Trustee shall not have the power, except upon the direction of the
Certificateholders, to (a) remove the Administrator pursuant
to Section 8 of the Administration Agreement, (b) appoint
a successor Administrator pursuant to Section 8 of the
Administration Agreement, (c) remove the Servicer pursuant to
Section 8.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement or
(d) except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, sell
the Receivables after the termination of the Indenture. The Owner
Trustee shall take the actions referred to in the preceding
sentence only upon written instructions signed by the authorized
representative of a majority of the outstanding Certificate Balance
of the Certificateholders.

SECTION 4.03 Action with Respect
to Bankruptcy . The Owner Trustee shall not have the power to
commence a voluntary proceeding in bankruptcy relating to the Trust
without the unanimous prior approval of all Certificateholders
(including, if the Depositor is a Certificateholder, the Board of
Directors (including the Independent Directors, as such term is
defined in the Depositor’s Certificate of Incorporation) of
the Depositor) and the delivery to the Owner Trustee of a written
certification by each Certificateholder that such Certificateholder
reasonably believes that the Trust is insolvent.

SECTION 4.04 Restrictions on
Certificateholders’ Power . The Certificateholders shall
not direct the Owner Trustee to take or refrain from taking any
action if such action or inaction would be contrary to any
obligations of the Trust or of the Owner Trustee under any of the
Basic Documents or would be contrary to Section 2.03
nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any such
direction, if given.

SECTION 4.05 Majority of the
Certificates Control . Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, any action that may be taken by the Certificateholders
under this Agreement may be taken by the Holders of the
Certificates evidencing not less than a majority of the Certificate
Balance. Except as expressly provided herein, any written notice of
the Certificateholders delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall
be effective if signed by Holders of the Certificates evidencing
not less than a majority of the Certificate Balance at the time of
the delivery of such notice.
 












 



12


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







ARTICLE V

Application of Trust Funds;
Certain Duties

SECTION 5.01 Establishment of
Accounts .

(a) On or prior to the Distribution
Date on which any Certificates are then held by anyone other than
the Administrator or one of its Affiliates, the Paying Agent, for
the benefit of the Certificateholders, shall establish and
maintain, or shall cause to be established and maintained, in the
name of the Trust (or in such other name as shall be specified in
the Sale and Servicing Agreement), the trust collection account
(the “ Trust Collection Account ”). The Trust
Collection Account shall be established and maintained as an
Eligible Account, and, subject to provisions of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement, bearing a designation clearly indicating that,
subject to Section 5.01(b) , the funds deposited
therein are held by the Trust for the benefit of the
Certificateholders, in each case in accordance with
Section 5.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement.

Subject to
Section 5.01(b) , the Paying Agent shall possess all
right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time
in the Trust Collection Account and in all proceeds thereof. Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Trust Collection
Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of the Paying
Agent for the benefit of the Certificateholders. If, at any time,
the Trust Collection Account ceases to be an Eligible Account or if
the majority of Certificateholders, in their sole discretion,
notify the Paying Agent in writing that the Trust Collection
Account should be moved, then the Paying Agent (or the
Administrator on behalf of the Paying Agent, if the Trust
Collection Account is not then held by the Paying Agent or an
Affiliate thereof) shall within 10 Business Days establish a new
equivalent Eligible Account at a depository institution or trust
company selected by a majority of the Certificateholders and shall
transfer any cash and/or any investments to such new
account.

(b) Concurrently with the execution
and delivery of the Indenture, the Servicer will establish and
maintain, or shall cause to be established and maintained, at the
direction of the Depositor, the Collection Account in the name of
and under the control of the Indenture Trustee in accordance with
Section 5.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The
Indenture Trustee will be obligated to transfer to the Paying
Agent, for the benefit of the Certificateholders, all funds or
investments held in the Collection Account on the Distribution Date
on which the Notes have been paid in full or the Indenture is
otherwise terminated (excluding any amounts to be retained for
distribution in respect of Notes that are not promptly delivered
for payment on such Distribution Date), and to take all necessary
or appropriate actions to transfer all right, title and interest of
the Indenture Trustee in such funds or investments and all proceeds
thereof to the Paying Agent for the benefit of the
Certificateholders, which amounts the Paying Agent shall deposit
into the Trust Collection Account.

Amounts on deposit in the Trust
Collection Account shall be held uninvested, and the Paying Agent
shall not be liable for any interest thereon.

SECTION 5.02 Application of
Amounts in Trust Accounts .

(a) On each Distribution Date when
the Administrator or one of its Affiliates is not the sole
Certificateholder, the Paying Agent shall distribute to the
Certificateholders amounts on deposit in the Trust Collection
Account that are distributable to the Certificateholders in
accordance with the instructions of the Servicer pursuant to
Section 5.06 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. Upon the
release from the Lien of the Indenture of amounts on deposit in the
Collection Account or any other portion of the Owner Trust Estate,
the Paying
 












 



13


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






Agent will cause such property to be properly
deposited into the Designated Account pursuant to
Section 5.01(a) or distributed to the
Certificateholders in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, as the case may be.

(b) On each Distribution Date, the
Owner Trustee (or, if the Indenture Trustee is the Paying Agent
with respect to the Certificates, the Indenture Trustee) shall send
to each Certificateholder the statement provided to the Owner
Trustee (or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable) by the Servicer
pursuant to Section 5.08 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
with respect to such Distribution Date.

(c) In the event that any
withholding tax is imposed on the Trust’s payment (or
allocations of income) to a Certificateholder, such tax shall
reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Certificateholder
in accordance with this Section. The Paying Agent is hereby
authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise
distributable to the Certificateholders sufficient funds for the
payment of any tax that is legally payable by the Trust (but such
authorization shall not prevent the Paying Agent from contesting
any such tax in appropriate proceedings, and withholding payment of
such tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such
proceedings). The amount of any withholding tax imposed with
respect to a Certificateholder shall be treated as cash distributed
to such Certificateholder at the time it is withheld by the Trust
and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If there is a
possibility that withholding tax is payable with respect to any
distribution (such as any distribution to a Non-U.S. Person), the
Paying Agent may in its sole discretion withhold such amounts in
accordance with this paragraph (c). In the event that a
Certificateholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such
withholding tax, the Paying Agent shall reasonably cooperate with
such Certificateholder in making such claim so long as such
Certificateholder agrees to reimburse the Paying Agent for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred.

SECTION 5.03 Method of
Payment . Subject to Section 9.01(c) ,
distributions required to be made to Certificateholders on any
Distribution Date shall be made to each Certificateholder of record
on the related Record Date either by check mailed to such
Certificateholder at the address of such holder appearing in the
Certificate Register or by wire transfer, in immediately available
funds, to the account of any Certificateholder at a bank or other
entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such
Certificateholder shall have provided to the Certificate Registrar
appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior
to such Distribution Date.

SECTION 5.04 Accounting and
Reports to the Noteholders, the Certificateholders, the Internal
Revenue Service and Others . The Administrator on behalf of the
Trust shall (a) maintain (or cause to be maintained) the books
of the Trust on a fiscal year basis or a calendar basis on the
accrual method of accounting, (b) deliver to each
Certificateholder, as may be required by the Code and applicable
Treasury Regulations, such information as may be required
(excluding Schedule K-1) to enable each Certificateholder to
prepare its federal and state income tax returns, (c) file any
tax and information returns, and fulfill any other reporting
requirements, relating to the Trust, as may be required by the Code
and applicable Treasury Regulations (including Treasury Regulation
Section 1.6049-7), (d) for any period during which the
beneficial ownership interests in the Trust are held by more than
one Person (and all such owners are not treated as the same Person
for federal income tax purposes), make such elections as may
from
 












 



14


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






time to time be required or appropriate under
any applicable state or federal statute or rule or regulation
thereunder so as to maintain the Trust’s characterization as
a partnership for federal income tax purposes, (e) cause such
tax returns to be signed in the manner required by law, and
(f) collect or cause to be collected any withholding tax as
described in and in accordance with Section 5.02(c)
with respect to income or distributions to Certificateholders. The
Administrator on behalf of the Trust shall elect under
Section 1278 of the Code to include in income currently any
market discount that accrues with respect to the Receivables. The
Administrator on behalf of the Trust shall not make the election
provided under Section 754 of the Code. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary stated herein, the Owner Trustee shall be
exclusively responsible for the mailing of any Schedule K-1’s
necessary to enable each Certificateholder to prepare its federal
and state income returns.

SECTION 5.05 Signature on
Returns; Tax Matter Partner .

(a) The Administrator on behalf of
the Trust shall sign on behalf of the Trust the tax returns of the
Trust, unless applicable law requires a Certificateholder to sign
such documents, in which case such documents shall be signed by the
Administrator, pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted thereto
pursuant to Section 2.04 .

(b) For any period during which the
beneficial ownership interests of the Trust are held by more than
one Person (and all such owners are not treated as the same Person
for federal income tax purposes), if the Depositor (of an Affiliate
of Depositor) is a Certificateholder, the Depositor (or an
affiliate of Depositor) shall be designated the “tax matters
partner” of the Trust pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7)(A)
of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations to the extent
allowed by the Code. If the Depositor (or an affiliate of
Depositor) cannot be so designated under law, the Certificateholder
holding Certificates evidencing the largest portion of the Original
Certificate Balance shall be designated the “tax matters
partner” of the Trust pursuant to Section 6231(a)(7)(A)
of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, but hereby
delegates its powers and duties as such to the Administrator
pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted thereto pursuant to
Section 2.04 .

SECTION 5.06 Duties of Depositor
on Behalf of Trust . Except to the extent such responsibilities
are assumed by the Administrator in the Administration Agreement or
the Servicer in the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depositor
shall, on behalf of the Trust, prepare and, after execution by the
Trust and the Indenture Trustee, file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and any applicable state agencies documents
required to be filed on a periodic basis with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and any applicable state agencies (including
any summaries thereof required by rules and regulations prescribed
thereby), and transmit such summaries to the Noteholders pursuant
to Section 7.03 of the Indenture.

ARTICLE VI

Authority and Duties of Owner
Trustee

SECTION 6.01 General
Authority . The Owner Trustee is authorized and directed to
execute and deliver the Basic Documents to which the Trust is to be
a party and each certificate or other document attached as an
exhibit to or contemplated by the Basic Documents to which the
Trust is to be a party and any amendment thereto, and, on behalf of
the Trust, to
 












 



15


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






direct the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and
deliver Class A-1 Notes in the aggregate principal amount of
$260,000,000, Class A-2a Notes in the aggregate principal
amount of $360,000,000, Class A-2b Notes in the aggregate
principal amount of $100,000,000, Class A-3 Notes in the
aggregate principal amount of $354,000,000 and Class A-4 Notes
in the aggregate principal amount of $106,810,000. In addition to
the foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized, but shall not be
obligated, to take all actions required of the Trust, pursuant to
the Basic Documents.

SECTION 6.02 General Duties .
It shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge (or cause to
be discharged) all of its responsibilities pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement and the Basic Documents to which the Trust is a
party and to administer the Trust in accordance with the provisions
hereof and of the Basic Documents and in the interest of the
Certificateholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner
Trustee shall be deemed to have discharged its duties and
responsibilities hereunder and under the Basic Documents to the
extent the Administrator has agreed in the Administration Agreement
to perform any act or to discharge any duty of the Owner Trustee
hereunder or under any Basic Document, and the Owner Trustee shall
not be held liable for the default or failure of the Administrator
to carry out such obligations or fulfill such duties under the
Administration Agreement.

SECTION 6.03 Duties of the Owner
Trustee .

(a) Subject to Article IV and
in accordance with the terms of the Basic Documents, the
Certificateholders may by written instruction direct the Owner
Trustee in the management of the Trust. Such direction may be
exercised at any time by written instruction of the
Certificateholders pursuant to Article IV . The Owner
Trustee accepts the trusts hereby created and agrees to perform its
duties hereunder with respect to such trusts but only upon the
terms of this Agreement. The Owner Trustee, upon receipt of all
resolutions, certificates, statements, opinions, reports,
documents, orders or other instruments furnished to the Owner
Trustee that shall be specifically required to be furnished
pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, shall examine them to
determine whether they conform on their face to the requirements of
this Agreement.

(b) No provision of this Agreement
shall be construed to relieve the Owner Trustee from liability for
its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, its own
bad faith or its own willful misfeasance; provided ,
however , that:

(i) the duties and obligations of
the Owner Trustee shall be determined solely by the express
provisions of this Agreement, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable
except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are
specifically set forth in this Agreement, no implied covenants or
obligations shall be read into this Agreement against the Owner
Trustee, the permissive right of the Owner Trustee to do things
enumerated in this Agreement shall not be construed as a duty and,
in the absence of bad faith on the part of the Owner Trustee, the
Owner Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the
statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein,
upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Owner Trustee
and conforming on their face to the requirements of this
Agreement;
 












 



16


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)







(ii) the Owner Trustee shall not be
personally liable for an error of judgment made in good faith by a
Trust Officer, unless it shall be proved that the Owner Trustee was
negligent in performing its duties in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement; and

(iii) the Owner Trustee shall not be
personally liable with respect to any action taken, suffered or
omitted to be taken in good faith in accordance with the direction
of the Holders of the Certificates representing at least a majority
of the Certificate Balance (or such larger or smaller percentage of
the Certificate Balance as may be required by any other provision
of this Agreement or the other Basic Documents), the Servicer, the
Administrator or the Indenture Trustee.

(c) The Owner Trustee shall not be
required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties under
this Agreement, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers,
if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that the
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or
liability is not reasonably assured to it.

(d) All information obtained by the
Owner Trustee regarding the Obligors and the Receivables contained
in the Trust, whether upon the exercise of its rights under this
Agreement or otherwise, shall be maintained by the Owner Trustee in
confidence and shall not be disclosed to any other Person, unless
such disclosure is required by any applicable law or regulation or
pursuant to subpoena or is required to be made to regulators,
auditors or other governmental authorities.

(e) Pursuant to Section 3.02 of
the Sale and Servicing Agreement, in the event that the Owner
Trustee discovers that a representation or warranty made by the
Seller pursuant to Section 3.01 or 6.01 of the Sale and
Servicing Agreement with respect to a Receivable was incorrect as
of the time specified with respect to such representation and
warranty and such incorrectness materially and adversely affects
the interests of any Securityholder in such Receivable, the Owner
Trustee shall give prompt written notice to the Servicer, the
Depositor and the Indenture Trustee of such incorrectness. Pursuant
to Section 4.06 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, if the
Owner Trustee discovers that any covenant of the Servicer set forth
in Sections 4.02, 4.04 or 4.05 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement
has been breached by the Servicer, the Owner Trustee shall give
prompt written notice to the Servicer, the Depositor and the
Indenture Trustee of such breach.

SECTION 6.04 No Duties Except as
Specified in this Agreement or in Instructions . The Owner
Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage, make any
payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of, or
otherwise deal with the Owner Trust Estate, or to otherwise take or
refrain from taking any action under, or in connection with, any
Basic Document to which the Owner Trustee is a party or otherwise
contemplated hereby, except as expressly provided by the terms of
this Agreement, any Basic Document to which the Trust is a party or
in any document or written instruction received by the Owner
Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03 . No implied duties or
obligations shall be read into this Agreement or any Basic Document
against the Owner Trustee. The Owner Trustee shall have no
responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement
in any public office at any time or otherwise to perfect
or
 












 



17


 



(Nissan 2015-C Amended &
Restated Trust Agreement)






maintain the perfection of any security interest
or lien granted to it hereunder or to prepare or file any
Securities and Exchange Commission filing for the Trust or to
record this Agreement or any Basic Document. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any Basic Document, the Owner
Trustee shall not be required to execute, deliver or certify on
behalf of the Trust or any other Person any filings, certificates,
affidavits or other instruments required under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Owner
Trustee nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and
expense, promptly take all action as may be necessary to discharge
any liens on any part of the Owner Trust Estate that result from
actions by, or claims against, the Owner Trustee that are not
related to the ownership or the administration of the Owner Trust
Estate.

SECTION 6.05 No Action Except
Under Specified Documents or Instructions . The Owner Trustee
shall not manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal
with any part of the Owner Trust Estate except (i) in
accordance with the powers granted to and the authority conferred
upon the Owner Trustee pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) in
accordance with the Basic Documents and (iii) in accordance
with any document or instruction delivered to the Owner Trustee
pursuant to Section 6.03 .

SECTION 6.06 Restrictions .
The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (a) that is
inconsistent with the purposes of the Trust set forth in
Section 2.03 or (b) that, to the actual knowledge
of a Trust Officer of the Owner Trustee, (x) would result in
the Trust’s becoming taxable as a corporation (as a publicly
traded partnership or otherwise) for federal income tax purposes or
(y)&


 








 


















Trust Agreement, Trust Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 78)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Trust Agreements 





	These Trust Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2017-A | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON | FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
3) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
4) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) TRUST SALE AGREEMENT BETWEEN ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC DEPOSITOR AND ALLY AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2017-2 ISSUING ENTITY DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | Closing Date, Ally Bank | DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY | DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
6) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
7) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
8) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A | Citibank, NA | CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A | CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
10) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | Citibank, NA | WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | ADMINISTRATOR, TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION, TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | Corporate Trust Services 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: WORLD OMNI AUTO LEASING LLC | DEPOSITOR, ANY AFFILIATE | MUFG Union Bank, NA | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST AND TRUST AGREEMENT OF EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS A Delaware Statutory TrustParties: EQUINOX FRONTIER BALANCED FUND | Equinox Frontier Funds | Equinox Fund Management, LLC | Frontier Fund Management LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

14) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST AND TRUST AGREEMENT OF EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS A Delaware Statutory TrustParties: EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS | Equinox Fund Management, LLC | Frontier Fund Management LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

15) FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | ADMINISTRATOR, TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION, TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | Corporate Trust Services 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
16) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: WORLD OMNI LT | DEPOSITOR, ANY AFFILIATE | MUFG Union Bank, NA | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WORLD OMNI AUTO LEASING LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
17) MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. and CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER  TRUST COMPANY FORM OF WARRANT AGREEMENT Dated as of , 2017Parties: MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP | Modern Media Sponsor, LLC 
								Law Firm: Jones Day
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
18) JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 TRUST AGREEMENT between JOHN DEERE RECEIVABLES, INC. Depositor and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. Owner Trustee Dated as of March 1, 2017Parties: JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 | Deere  Company | John Deere Receivables, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
19) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT amongParties: CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORP | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE FUNDING LLC | Trust and US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								Law Firm: Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 3/1/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) LCI INDUSTRIES GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENTParties: LCI INDUSTRIES | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

21) AMENDMENT TO THE TRUST AGREEMENT Establishing theParties: ZIONS BANCORPORATION /UT/ | Prudential Bank | Prudential Financial, Inc, CIGNA Bank  Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Connecticut
22) SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST COMPANY AND ZIONS BANCORPORATIONParties: ZIONS BANCORPORATION /UT/ | Fidelity Management Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

23) SIXTH AMENDMENT TO TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST COMPANY AND FMC CORPORATIONParties: FMC CORP | Fidelity Management Trust Company | FMC Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

24) AMENDED AND RESTATED 80% COINSURANCE TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of March 31, 2016 amongParties: PRIMERICA, INC. | Bank of New York Mellon | PECAN RE INC | Primerica Life Insurance Company 
								Law Firm: DLA Piper;Debevoise Plimpton
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
25) SILVER BAY REALTY TRUST CORP. ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO BE ACQUIRED BY TRICON CAPITAL GROUP INC. IN $1.4 BILLION ALL-CASH TRANSACTION; REPORTS STRONG FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2016 FINANCIAL RESULTSParties: SILVER BAY REALTY TRUST CORP. | Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp | Tricon Capital Group Inc 
								Law Firm: Orrick Herrington
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

26) JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 TRUST AGREEMENT between JOHN DEERE RECEIVABLES, INC. Depositor and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. Owner Trustee Dated as of March 1, 2017Parties: JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 | Deere  Company | John Deere Receivables, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: MATLIN  PARTNERS ACQUISITION CORP | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | Investment Management | Matlin  Partners Acquisition Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
28) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
29) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST 2017-A | FORD CREDIT AUTO RECEIVABLES TWO LLC | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
30) TRUST AGREEMENT [BETWEEN][AMONG] ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR [AND] BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE [AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT]1Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
31) TRUST SALE AGREEMENTParties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | Closing Date, Ally Bank | DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY | DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | FinTech Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 1/25/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST 2017-A | FORD CREDIT AUTO RECEIVABLES TWO LLC | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) VORNADO REALTY TRUST 2017 OUTPERFORMANCE PLAN AWARD AGREEMENTParties: VORNADO REALTY LP | VORNADO REALTY TRUST 
								
								Document Date: 1/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
35) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1A Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-1AParties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
36) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1AA Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017Parties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
37) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1B Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-1BParties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
38) LIQUIDATING TRUST AGREEMENTParties: ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN, LLC | ICON CAPITAL, LLC | NRAI SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) LIQUIDATING TRUST AGREEMENTParties: ICON LEASING FUND TWELVE, LLC | ICON CAPITAL, LLC | NRAI SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC. | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
41) COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT dated as of October 3, 2016 among TEX OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC, as the Company, the Grantors from time to time party heretoParties: VISTRA ENERGY CORP | 4CHANGE ENERGY COMPANY LLC | BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC | BRIGHTEN ENERGY LLC | COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC | DALLAS POWER  LIGHT COMPANY, INC | DEUTSCHE BANK AG | EFH CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY | EFH PROPERTIES COMPANY | ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC | FORNEY PIPELINE, LLC | GENERATION SVC COMPANY | LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC | LONE ST AR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC | LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC | LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC | LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY | LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC | LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC | Luminant Mining Company, LLC | NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC | OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC | RAILROAD COMMISSION | SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC | SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC | TEX ASSET COMPANY LLC | TEX FINANCE CORP | TEX INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC | TEX OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC | TEX PREFERRED INC | TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC | TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC | TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY | UTILITIES COMPANY, INC | UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC 
								
								Document Date: 12/23/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
42) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | FinTech Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/23/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
43) Second Amended and Restated Depositary Trust AgreementParties: ISHARES SILVER TRUST | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON | CEDE  CO | Product Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
44) ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC., AS ISSUER ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, UK BRANCH, AS PAYING AGENT ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, AS TRANSFER AGENT ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, AS REGISTRAR - AND - WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE AGENCY AGREEMENTParties: ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. | CEDE  CO | ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC | ZIMMER HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
45) Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Trust AgreementParties: MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP | DZ BANK AG | Medallion Funding Corp | MEDALLION FUNDING LLC | US BANK TRUST, NA 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
46) GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN PENTEGRA TRUST COMPANY AND FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORKParties: FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK | Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, New York | PENTEGRA TRUST COMPANY | RSGroup Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Maine
47) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT OF COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS AMONG COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC as SponsorParties: COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS | ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY | ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION | COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC 
								Law Firm: Richards Layton;Patton Boggs
								Document Date: 12/7/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC, as the Depositor and CITIBANK, N.A., as the Owner Trustee and CITICORP TRUST DELAWARE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Issuer Delaware Trustee Dated as of November 30, 2016Parties: HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 | CEDE  CO | CITIBANK, NA | HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC | Huntington National Bank | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 12/1/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
49) FOURTH AMENDMENT TO INDEMNIFICATION TRUST AGREEMENTParties: J C PENNEY CO INC | Chemical Bank | J C Penney Company, Inc, J C Penney Corporation, Inc | JPMorgan Chase Bank | SunTrust Bank 
								
								Document Date: 11/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
50) HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC, as the Depositor and CITIBANK, N.A., as the Owner Trustee and CITICORP TRUST DELAWARE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Issuer Delaware Trustee Dated as of November 30, 2016Parties: HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 | CEDE  CO | CITIBANK, NA | HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC | Huntington National Bank | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 11/29/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778 
 
 

 























 


 



Fitch to Rate Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust; Issues Presale | Business Wire


























































      Fitch to Rate Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust; Issues Presale
    





October 01, 2015 12:21 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings expects to assign the following ratings and Rating 
      Outlooks to the Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust notes:
    

      --$174,000,000 class A-1 notes 'F1+sf';
    

      --$155,000,000 class A-2a notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$155,000,000 class A-2b notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$236,000,000 class A-3 notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --$80,000,000 class A-4 notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      Consistent Collateral Pool: The collateral composition and credit 
      quality of 2015-C are generally consistent with those of prior pools. 
      The weighted average (WA) Fair Isaac Corp. (FICO) score is 772, new 
      vehicles total 90.86%, Nissan brand vehicles represent 92.67%, and the 
      pool is geographically diverse.
    

      Extended-Term Loans: Loans with terms of more than 60 months total 
      53.66% of the pool, which includes 73-75-month original term loans that 
      total less than 4%. This is the sixth NAROT pool to include 73-75-month 
      loan terms.
    

      Sufficient Enhancement: 2015-C incorporates a sequential-pay structure 
      and initial hard credit enhancement (CE) totals 4.25%, consistent with 
      recent transactions. CE is sufficient to cover Fitch's 'AAAsf' stressed 
      lifetime cumulative net loss (CNL) assumption.
    

      Stable Portfolio/Securitization Performance: NMAC portfolio and 
      securitization delinquencies and losses are currently stable and were 
      within historical levels at first quarter-end 2015 (1Q15).
    

      Stable Origination, Underwriting, and Servicing: Fitch believes NMAC 
      demonstrates adequate abilities as originator, underwriter, and servicer 
      to service 2015-C, as evidenced by its historical portfolio and 
      securitization performance.
    

      Evolving Wholesale Market: The U.S. wholesale vehicle market (WVM) is 
      normalizing following strong performance in recent years. Fitch expects 
      increasing used vehicle supply from off-lease vehicles and trade-ins to 
      pressure ABS recovery rates, leading to moderately higher loss rates. 
      Fitch's analysis accounts for this risk by including periods of weak WVM 
      performance in the derivation of its base case loss expectation.
    

      Integrity of Legal Structure: The legal structure of a transaction 
      should provide that a bankruptcy of NMAC would not impair the timeliness 
      of payments on the securities.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      on defaulted receivables could produce loss levels higher than the base 
      case. This in turn could result in potential rating actions on the 
      notes. Fitch evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings assigned to all 
      classes of 2015-B to increased losses over the life of the transaction. 
      Fitch's analysis found that the notes display some sensitivity to 
      increased defaults and losses. Under Fitch's moderate (1.5x base case 
      loss) scenario the notes would be unlikely to experience any downgrade. 
      However, the notes could experience downgrades of up to two rating 
      categories under Fitch's severe (2.5x base case loss) scenario.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      Fitch was provided with third-party due diligence information from Ernst 
      & Young LLP. The third-party due diligence focused on comparing or 
      recalculating certain information with respect to 125 loans from the 
      final data file. Fitch considered this information in its analysis, and 
      the findings did not have an impact on the analysis. A copy of the ABS 
      Due Diligence Form-15E received by Fitch in connection with this 
      transaction may be obtained through the link at the bottom of the 
      related rating action commentary.
    

      Fitch's analysis of the Representations and Warranties (R&W) of this 
      transaction can be found in the reports titled ' Nissan Auto Receivables 
      2015-C Owner Trust -- Appendix'. These R&W are compared to those of 
      typical R&W for the asset class as detailed in the special report 
      'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global 
      Structured Finance Transactions' dated June 12, 2015.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Nissan Auto Receivables 2015-C Owner Trust (US ABS)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=871790


      Applicable Criteria
    

      Criteria for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions 
      and Covered Bonds (pub. 19 Dec 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=838868


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Rating Criteria for U.S. Auto Loan ABS (pub. 10 Apr 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=863979


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=991653


      ABS Due Diligence Form 15E 1
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf15E_frame.cfm?pr_id=991653&flm_nm=15e_991653_1.pdf


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=991653


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystJohn AlbericiAssociate 
      Director+1-212-908-0370Fitch Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall 
      StreetNew York, NY 10004orSecondary AnalystYun 
      TianAssociate Director+1-212-908-0307orCommittee 
      ChairpersonJohn BellaManaging Director+1-212-908-0243orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystJohn AlbericiAssociate 
      Director+1-212-908-0370Fitch Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall 
      StreetNew York, NY 10004orSecondary AnalystYun 
      TianAssociate Director+1-212-908-0307orCommittee 
      ChairpersonJohn BellaManaging Director+1-212-908-0243orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Fitch Rates Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-C Owner TrustHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 2 hrs 15 minsS&P Futures2,478.25+5.00 (+0.20%)Dow Futures21,677.00+31.00 (+0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,979.00+31.00 (+0.52%)Fitch Rates Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-C Owner TrustBusiness WireAugust 10, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings assigns the following ratings and Rating Outlooks to the Nissan Auto Receivables 2016-C Owner Trust notes:--Class A-1 notes 'F1+sf';--Class A-2a notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--Class A-2b notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--Class A-3 notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--Class A-4 notes 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;--Certificates 'NR'.KEY RATING DRIVERSConsistent Collateral Pool: The collateral composition and credit quality of 2016-C are generally consistent with those of prior pools. The weighted average (WA) Fair Isaac Corp. (FICO) score is 774, and new vehicles total 91.0%. At 98.7%, this pool has the highest concentration of Nissan brand vehicles. The pool is geographically diverse.Extended-Term Loans: Loans with terms of more than 60 months total 55.7% of the pool, lower than 60.7% in 2016-B. For 2016-C, this includes 73-75-month original term loans that total 4.1%. This is the eighth NAROT pool to include 73-75-month loan terms.Sufficient Enhancement: 2016-C incorporates a sequential-pay structure and initial hard credit enhancement (CE) totals 4.25%, consistent with recent transactions. CE is sufficient to cover Fitch's 'AAAsf' stressed lifetime cumulative net loss (CNL) assumption.Stable Portfolio/Securitization Performance: NMAC portfolio and securitization delinquencies and losses are currently stable and were within historical levels through early 2016.Stable Origination, Underwriting and Servicing: NMAC demonstrates adequate abilities as originator, underwriter, and servicer to service 2016-C, as evidenced by its historical portfolio and securitization performance.Integrity of Legal Structure: The legal structure of a transaction should provide that a bankruptcy of NMAC would not impair the timeliness of payments on the securities.RATING SENSITIVITIESUnanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity on defaulted receivables could produce loss levels higher than the base case. This in turn could result in potential rating actions on the notes. Fitch evaluated the sensitivity of the ratings assigned to all classes of 2016-C to increased losses over the life of the transaction. Fitch's analysis found that the notes display some sensitivity to increased defaults and losses. Under Fitch's moderate (1.5x base case loss) scenario the notes would be unlikely to experience any downgrade. However, the notes could experience downgrades of up to two rating categories under Fitch's severe (2.5x base case loss) scenario.USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10Fitch was provided with Form ABS Due Diligence-15E ("Form 15E") as prepared by Ernst & Young LLP. The third-party due diligence described in Form 15E focused on comparing or recalculating certain information with respect to 125 loans from the final data file. Fitch considered this information in its analysis and it did not have an effect on Fitch's analysis or conclusions.REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMSA description of the transaction's representations, warranties and enforcement mechanisms (RW&Es) that are disclosed in the offering document and which relate to the underlying asset pool is available by accessing the appendix referenced under "Related Research" below. The appendix also contains a comparison of these RW&Es to those Fitch considers typical for the asset class as detailed in the Special Report titled "Representations, Warranties and Enforcement Mechanisms in Global Structured Finance Transactions," dated May 31, 2016.Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.Applicable CriteriaCounterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 18 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=884963Criteria for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions and Covered Bonds (pub. 17 May 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=879815Criteria for Servicing Continuity Risk in Structured Finance (pub. 17 Dec 2015)https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=875586Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=883130Read MoreRating Criteria for U.S. Auto Loan ABS (pub. 21 Mar 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=878723Related ResearchNissan Auto Receivables 2016-C Owner Trust -- Appendixhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=885715Additional DisclosuresDodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1010209Solicitation Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1010209Endorsement Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160810006057/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredConservative media outlets are sending Trump a big warning on Jeff Sessions — and Trump is paying attentionBusiness InsiderTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredDollar steadies after Fed skid, shares hit new highsReutersTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceMichelle Obama Opens Up About The Racism She Faced As First LadyHC Paisano: Obama only got elected because he was Black so stop complaining.Join the Conversation1 / 5735











Welcome To Trust Investor Reporting



































Welcome
Guest

Sign In


User Guide


Release Notes

Contact Us






			    	Trust Investor Reporting
				



Search For Deals
 
		Inbox 
		
My Portfolio
New Deals
Cash Managed Loans







Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-C Owner Trust 
	Back to Search Results








	                Privacy:
	            


Public




	            	Product Type:
	        	


ABS/MBS




	            	Termination Date:
	        	







	            	Recent Report Date:
	        	


07/17/2017









	                Contact:
	            


Erika Forshtay




	            	Phone:
	        	


312-332-7530




	            	Email:
	        	


erika.forshtay@usbank.com

















 
		       		Periodic Reports
		       	



						P & I Factors
				















  Search 


						Select Product Type
							
ALL
ABS/MBSCDOCMBSWarehouse FacilityCorp/MuniLoan Note IssuanceDCSWTax LienCDOMOFSAIUnknownDoc MgmtDoc Mgmt

						Issuer Name(contains)
							
						Deal Name
							
						CUSIP
							

  
						





 Bulk Download  






You have not added any items to your bulk download list.















  Related Links 

Bondholder Services
Corporate Trust
Trust Resolution Center
TrustNow Essentials
SinglePoint





TIR Annual Certification
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy this is an annual review of users authorized to access private deals/entitlements on the Trust Investor Reporting application.  You are being directed to this page as you are listed as a user who has access to one or more of these deals.  Please review the access listed below and respond accordingly whether access is still required.  If you do not complete this review your access access will be removed.  The due date for this review is October 31st. Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.





Deal Name
Access valid until
Date Certified
Date Declined
Accept
Decline








Expiration of Deal Access
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy, access to all private deals on the Trust Investor Reporting (TIR) website requires annual recertification.  This year's annual recertification period began on October 1st and concluded on October 31st.  Access has now been removed for any private deal for which you did not recertify during this period.  If you require access to any such deal, please submit a new request for access through its deal page.  Your recertification status can always be found on the Certification link at the top of the website.Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.



© 2017 U.S. Bancorp
Member FDIC
© 2017 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP Database provided by Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC.  All rights reserved
Prod1


Privacy Pledge
Terms of Service / Legal Agreement








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












NISSAN CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED VEHICLES


































Find out more 



Current Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY Find Out More 








certified benefits
FIND OUT MORE





LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
FIND OUT MORE





INSPECTION
FIND OUT MORE





CARFAX REPORT
FIND OUT MORE




About Certified




certified benefits
EMERGENCY ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE • TOWING • CAR RENTAL REIMBURSEMENT • TRIP INTERRUPTION COVERAGE • OWNERSHIP TRANSFERABILITY
FIND OUT MORE 



LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
7 YEARS/100,000 MILES
EXPLORE OUR COVERAGE 



INSPECTION
IF YOUR DOCTOR GAVE A CHECKUP THIS THOROUGH, WE MIGHT PUT A WARRANTY ON YOU, TOO
EXPLORE MORE 



CARFAX REPORT
3-YEAR BUYBACK GUARANTEE: BUY WITH CONFIDENCE
DISCOVER MORE 



ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE
COVERING YOU ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.
FIND OUT MORE 



EXTENDED PROTECTION
COVERING MORE THAN 1,300 COMPONENTS
EXPLORE MORE 






Search Inventory








Quick search
ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Model All Models

View 0 Results
Advanced search

 












Model year  





Price  





Mileage  




Body Style

Any style



Model

Any model



Ext. Color

Any



Transmission

Any





Engine

Any



Drivetrain

Any



Fuel

Any



ZIP
Please enter a valid Zip Code

Radius
ZIP only
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles
50 miles
75 miles
100 miles
125 miles
150 miles
200 miles
300 miles
500 miles
all





 Sunroof or Moonroof
 DVD / Entertainment System
 Leather
 Intelligent Key
 Heated Seats
 Side Air Bags
 Navigation



View 0 Results
Load saved search
Clear all
Save Search


 





Locate Certified Dealer
ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Search
 






Offers & Tools




Special Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY
FIND OUT MORE 



SIRIUS XM
DRIVE AWAY LISTENING. YOUR 3-MONTH TRIAL IS ON.
FIND OUT MORE 



VALUE YOUR TRADE
TAKE THE GUESSWORK OUT OF TRADING YOUR CAR START NOW 



Estimate Credit Score
It's free, easy and takes less than 3 minutes. START NOW 



Get Pre-Approved
Pre-approval made easy online START NOW 



PAYMENTESTIMATOR
PAYMENT ESTIMATOR START NOW 






Brochures & FAQs




WANT TO KNOW MORE?
DOWNLOAD OUR CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED BROCHURE DOWNLOAD NOW 



Frequently Asked Questions
QUICKLY FIND INFORMATION ABOUT CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED BROWSE NOW





 


▲ Back to top
















FIND A PARTICIPATING LOCAL DEALER


























FIND A PARTICIPATING LOCAL DEALER


ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Show Location


			Please enter a Zip Code.		


▲ Back to top
















About Certified Nissan




























ABOUT CERTIFIED

BUY SMART, OWN CONFIDENCE


Only Nissans that meet our high standards qualify for Certified Pre-Owned status. They must be less than six years old from the original in-service date, with less than 80,000 miles on the odometer. Plus, they must have a clean, non-branded title and, most important, pass a comprehensive 167 points Certified Pre-Owned inspection.
Benefits of buying a Certified Pre-Owned Nissan include:

7-year/100,000-mile limited warranty [*]
24-hour Emergency Roadside Assistance [*]
Car Rental Reimbursement and Towing Benefit [*]
Genuine Nissan parts
CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™
SiriusXM Satellite Radio with 3-month trial subscription [*]
Optional Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan [*]

See your participating Nissan dealer to find the Certified Pre Owned vehicle that's right for you.


 
 









certified benefits
EMERGENCY ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE • TOWING • CAR RENTAL REIMBURSEMENT • TRIP INTERRUPTION COVERAGE • OWNERSHIP TRANSFERABILITY


Certified Benefits
NISSAN HAS GOT YOU COVERED ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.Emergency Roadside Assistance: 24/7 Emergency Roadside Assistance provides flat tire change out with your good spare, dead battery jump, or lock-out assistance for the duration of the 7 year/100,000 mile limited warranty. Towing: Up to $100 towing assistance. If necessary, we'll even tow your car to the nearest Nissan dealer within 250 miles. [*] Car Rental Reimbursement: Up to 5 days car rental reimbursement at a maximum of $35/day for mechanical breakdown of covered components. Trip Interruption Coverage: If a mechanical breakdown of a covered part takes place when you are more than 100 miles from home, you'll be covered for up to $500 for meals, lodging and alternate transportation. Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty – Ownership Transferability: The Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty is transferable from the retail customer to one subsequent private owner (private party to private party) for the duration of the warranty period. Click here to download a copy of the form.		




LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
7 YEARS/100,000 MILES


Warranty Coverage
			This Limited Warranty covers any repairs needed due to MECHANICAL BREAKDOWN [*] (at no charge to you for parts, labor, or tax on the parts or labor) for the powertrain components listed in the following categories: Extensive Protection: The Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty covers 600+ components, including: engine, transmission and drive train. Coverage: 7 years from the original in-service date of the vehicle or 100,000 total miles on the odometer, whichever occurs first.  [*] Authorized Nissan Repair Facilities: Find repair service nationwide through any authorized Nissan dealership. Contact your local Nissan dealer or call 1-800-NISSAN-3 for details. Deductible: $50 per visit. Genuine Nissan Parts: Coverage ensures that any necessary replacement parts will be made using Genuine Nissan new or remanufactured parts, or Nissan-approved parts. Please read the limited warranty booklet for complete conditions and exclusions.		




INSPECTION
IF YOUR DOCTOR GAVE A CHECKUP THIS THOROUGH, WE MIGHT PUT A WARRANTY ON YOU, TOO


Inspection
			If you’ve ever shopped for a Pre-Owned vehicle, you might give it a thorough going over. Or take it to a trusted mechanic. But you might still wonder, did you miss anything? With a Nissan Certified Pre-Owned vehicle, you don’t have to wonder. Your Nissan Dealer takes the vehicle to the best mechanic they know, a Nissan-trained mechanic. Using state-of-the-art equipment and a discerning eye, each Pre-Owned Nissan gets an obsessively detailed inspection prior to earning Certified status. The result: A vehicle you can depend on for years to come. View our Nissan Certified Pre-Owned inspection checklist 




CARFAX REPORT
3-YEAR BUYBACK GUARANTEE: BUY WITH CONFIDENCE


CARFAX
			Every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle comes with a free CARFAX Vehicle History Report™ and 3-Year Carfax Buy Back Guarantee.        Buy With Confidence: Every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle comes with a free CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™ and a 3-Year CARFAX® Buy Back Guarantee. You can view the CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™ of every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle in inventory at no charge to you. Based on information from more than 86,000 data sources, CARFAX® instantly generates a Vehicle History Report™ that may include, but is not limited to, the following:                        

Title information, including salvaged or junked titles                        
Flood damage history                        
Total loss accident history                        
Odometer readings                        
Lemon history                        
Number of owners                       
Accident indicators, such as airbag deployments                        
State emissions inspection results                        
Service records                        
Vehicle use (taxi, rental, lease, etc.)        

CARFAX® also provides the 3-Year CARFAX® Buyback Guarantee that reduces the risk involved in buying a Pre-Owned Vehicle. For more information about the coverage, please visit www.carfax.com.		




ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE
COVERING YOU ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.


Roadside Assistance
			With this Certiﬁed Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty, Nissan is providing you with an Emergency Roadside Assistance Package for a period of 7 years from the original inservice date of your Certiﬁed Pre-Owned vehicle or 100,000 miles on the odometer, whichever occurs earlier. [*]Call (800) 225-2476 for 24-hour emergency roadside assistance For the duration of your Limited Warranty, a qualiﬁed representative will assess your needs and dispatch assistance, with no out-of-pocket expense up to $100 for: 

Battery boost (jump-start)
Flat tire change (using your good spare)
Out-of-gas delivery ($5 maximum fuel)
Lock-out assistance 

TOWING ASSISTANCE: If your vehicle is disabled due to a MECHANICAL BREAKDOWN, the Roadside Assistance Representative will arrange for your vehicle to be towed to the nearest Nissan dealership whenever possible, or to the nearest authorized repair facility. This coverage provides for towing cost not to exceed $100 per claim. ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Car Rental Assistance – Receive reimbursement for car rental expenses up to $35/day, to a $175/5 day maximum, when you need to rent a car while your Nissan is being repaired due to a failed covered component. Trip Interruption – Reimburses you for meals, lodging and alternative transportation up to $500 if your vehicle is disabled due to a mechanical breakdown caused by a covered component and you are more than 100 miles from home.		




EXTENDED PROTECTION
COVERING MORE THAN 1,300 COMPONENTS


Extended Protection
			Nissan's Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan covers more than 1,300 components. Combine this with the 600+ components already covered by the Certified Limited Warranty and you benefit from over 1,900 covered components. Additional Components: The following component coverage is exclusive to the Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan: electrical, audio/video/navigation, suspension, steering, climate control system, and brakes. Terms: You have two available options to extend your coverage based on the following terms: 

7 years/100,000 miles, or
8 years/120,00 miles 

Deductible: $0 deductible for any covered repair Talk to your Nissan dealer about Security+Plus® Certified Pre-Owned Extended Protection Plan. [*] 
 


▲ Back to top
















Search Inventory
























Nissan certified Pre-Owned vehicles








Model year  





Price  





Mileage  




Body Style

Any style

															SUV/Crossover
													

															Compact													

															Convertible													

															Coupe													

															Sedan													

															Truck													

															Van/Minivan													

															Wagon													



Model

Any model
370Z
Altima
Armada
Cube
Frontier
Juke
LEAF
Maxima
Murano
Murano CrossCabriolet
Pathfinder
Quest
Rogue
Sentra
Titan
Versa
Versa Note
Xterra



Ext. Color

Any
Not specified
Beige
Blue
Brown
Yellow
Gold
Gray
Green
Orange
Red
Black
Silver
Purple
White



Transmission

Any
Automatic
Manual
Not specified





Engine

Any
4 Cylinder
6 Cylinder
8 Cylinder



Drivetrain

Any
Front Wheel Drive
Rear Wheel Drive
AWD/4WD



Fuel

Any
Petrol
Diesel
Electric
Hybrid
Flexible-fuel



ZIP
Please enter a valid Zip Code

Radius
ZIP only
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles
50 miles
75 miles
100 miles
125 miles
150 miles
200 miles
300 miles
500 miles
all





 Sunroof or Moonroof
 DVD / Entertainment System
 Leather
 Intelligent Key
 Heated Seats
 Side Air Bags
 Navigation



View 18,066 Results
Load saved search
Clear all
Save Search





Sort by

Distance from Zip
Price (High to Low)
Price (Low to High)
Mileage (High to Low)
Mileage (Low to High)






▲ Back to top
















Nissan Certified Offers





























CURRENT OFFERS

SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY







Special Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY


Current Offers

 

BUY SMART OWN CONFIDENCEWith these limited time offers:
 Special 1.95% APR financing for up to 36 months on any 2012-2017 Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Vehicle [*]

3.95% APR for 72 months on any 2012-2017 Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Vehicle [**]

 
or
$500 Captive Cash on select Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Models [#]

$750 Captive Cash on Certified Pre-Owned LEAF [##]

 




SIRIUS XM
DRIVE AWAY LISTENING. YOUR 3-MONTH TRIAL IS ON.


SIRIUS XM
			As you leave the dealership ... you'll be able to hear over 140 channels of everything you want to hear. Your included 3-Month Trial is the perfect way to discover and enjoy the world of satellite radio, wherever you drive. (Go ahead and take the back roads - you'll hear us from coast to coast.) So take the wheel and turn us on ... we're ready to go when you are. Download our brochure or channel lineup 


VALUE YOUR TRADE
TAKE THE GUESSWORK OUT OF TRADING YOUR CAR START NOW 



Estimate Credit Score
It's free, easy and takes less than 3 minutes. START NOW 



Get Pre-Approved
Pre-approval made easy online START NOW 



PAYMENTESTIMATOR
PAYMENT ESTIMATOR START NOW 

 


▲ Back to top















NISSAN ALTIMA Remote Keyless Entry - Key Fobs, Transponder Keys, Free Programming         
















































Home  |  About Us  |  FAQ  |  Contact Us

 |  Business Login


  |  My Business Account  |  Sign Out




1-866-690-4308

9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST









0


Home  ::  Nissan  ::  AltimaKeyless Remotes for Nissan AltimaLooking for a Nissan Altima keyless entry remote for your car? Prices start as low as $39.95. Nissan Altima Remotes with savings up to 75% OFF dealer price. FREE Altima remote programming steps and video's available on our website. Click  here to watch the video and learn how to program your keyless remote. Purchase your replacement Nissan Altima Remote key fobs here. Great selection of Altima transponder chip keys, key fob controls, remote transmitters covers - discount prices.

 2016 Nissan Altima w/ Engine Start 2016 Nissan Altima 2015 Nissan Altima w/ Engine Start 2015 Nissan Altima 2014 Nissan Altima w/ Engine Start 2014 Nissan Altima 2013 Nissan Altima w/ Engine Start 2013 Nissan Altima 2012 Nissan Altima 2011 Nissan Altima 2010 Nissan Altima 2009 Nissan Altima 2008 Nissan Altima 2007 Nissan Altima 2006 Nissan Altima 2005 Nissan Altima 2004 Nissan Altima 2003 Nissan Altima 2002 Nissan AltimaNeed a replacement or additional  Nissan Altima remote keyless entry?     It is a common misconception that you can only buy, keyless remote from a local Nissan dealer. These days customers are not restricted to buying a remote transmitter from a dealer. Buying accessories for your car is now more convenient than ever. At www.carandtruckremotes.com we offer a wide variety of Dodge products including: new and used remote controllers at discount prices, transponder keys, remote covers, key chains with Nissan logo and replacement batteries for keyless remote. Additionally, we offer fast and free shipping on selected items as well as coupons. For more information on shipping and discounts please contact our customer care at 866-690-4308 toll free.   How to program a Nissan car entry remote?  Most key fobs or car alarm remotes communicate with the vehicle using a code (it could be a fixed or rolling code). This is how your vehicle knows, "which remote to listen to". Once the keyless entry module, receiver is trained to recognize the remote key fob (very often called remote programming) your vehicle would recognize the remote control and perform the lock, unlock or other functions. For most marks and models, you can program the remote yourself. The programming instructions are free of charge with purchase of a car entry remote or key fob and are easy to follow. You can watch us on You Tube and see yourself how easy programming of remote keyless entry is.   We have been in business for almost ten years now and have many returning customers who often recommend our store to their friends and family. Our products have a high quality and endurance. All of our remotes come with a battery and are tested twice before shipped. Buying Nissan products on our website will save you time and money.   You May Also Like

Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 buttonOur Price: $9.954 button Nissan and Infiniti replacement case/shell with rubber padOur Price: $9.954 button Nissan and Infiniti remote replacement case in colorOur Price: $12.95Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote smart key rubber cover - 4 buttonOur Price: $9.952005 Nissan Altima transponder key blankDealer Price: $59.00Our Price: $24.95

Remote Search

Select Year




Select Make




Select Model




Select Make




Select Model




Select Year

Car Remotes By MakeBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFordGMCHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuJeepKiaLexusLincolnMazdaMercuryMitsubishiNissanOldsmobilePontiacSaturnSubaruToyota
TestimonialsBuickVerano RemotesTerrazaRegalRendezvousRainierLucerneLeSabreLaCrosseEnclaveEncore remotesCenturyAllureCadillacDeVilleDTSEscaladeSRXCadillac CT6 Smart Prox Remote KeysCTSChevroletAstroAvalancheBlazerCamaroCaptiva SportCavalierC/KCobaltColoradoCorvetteCruze RemotesEquinoxExpressHHRMalibuMonte CarloImpalaSilveradoSonic RemotesSpark RemotesSuburbanS10TahoeTrackerTrailblazerTraverseTrax RemotesUplanderVentureChryslerChrysler 200Chrysler 300ConcordeLHSPacificaPT CruiserSebringTown & CountryVoyagerDodgeDodge AvengerDodge CaliberCaravanChallengerChargerDakotaDart RemotesDurangoGrand CaravanIntrepidJourneyMagnumNeonNitroRam TruckStratus (sedan & convertible)ViperFordBroncoContourCrown VictoriaC-Max RemotesEconolineEdgeEscapeEscortExcursionExpeditionExplorerExplorer Sport (2DR)Explorer Sport TracFiesta remotesF-150F-250F-350FlexFocusFive HundredFusionFreestarFreestyleMustangProbeRangerTaurusThunderbirdTransit ConnectTransit VanWindstarGMCAcadiaCanyonEnvoyJimmySafariSavanaSierraSonomaSuburbanTerrain RemotesYukonHondaAccordCivicCR-VCR-ZFitInsightOdysseyPassportPilotRidgelineHummerH2H3HyundaiAccentAzeraElantraEntourageGenesis SedanSanta FeSonataTucsonVeracruzInfinitiEX35G25G35G37I35FX35JX35FX37FX45FX50M37M56QX4Q40 RemotesQ50 RemotesQ60 RemotesQ70 RemotesQX56QX50 RemotesQX60 RemotesQX70 RemotesQX80 RemotesIsuzuAmigoAscenderAxiomRodeoTrooperJeep Cherokee RemotesCommanderCompassGrand CherokeeLibertyPatriotRenegade RemotesWrangler RemotesKiaAmantiBorregoForteSedonaSpectra sedanSorentoSportage RemotesSoul RemotesOptimaRio RemotesRondoLexusGX470LX470RX300RX330RX350RX400hLincolnAviatorContinentalLSMark VIIIMark LTMKC RemotesMKSMKT RemotesMKXMKZNavigatorTown CarZephyrMazdaMazda 2Mazda 3Mazda 5Mazda 6 sedan6 hatchbackB-Series TruckCX-3 RemotesCX-5 RemotesCX-7CX-9MX-5 MiataTributeRX-8MercuryCougarGrand MarquisMarinerMilanMontegoMontereyMountaineerMystiqueSableTracerMitsubishiEclipseGalantLancerOutlanderNissan350Z370ZAltimaArmadaCubeFrontierJukeLeafMaximaMuranoNV RemotesNV200 RemotesPathfinderQuestRogueSentraTitanVersaXterraOldsmobileAleroAuroraBravadaIntrigueSilhouettePontiacAztekBonnevilleFirebirdGrand AmGrand PrixG5G6MontanaMontana SV6SolsticeSunfireTrans SportTorrentVibeSaturnAuraL-SeriesOutlookRelayS-SeriesSkyVueSubaruBajaForesterImprezaLegacyB9 TribecaOutbackToyota4RunnerAvalonCamryCelicaCorollaEchoFJ CruiserHighlanderLand CruiserMatrixMR2PaseoPickupPreviaPriusRAV4SequoiaSiennaSolaraSupraTacomaTercelTundraVenzaYaris



Contact Us
Contact Email Form
Shipping Info
Returns / Exchanges
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Glossary


About Us
Why Shop with Us?
Customer Store Reviews
Product Reviews
BBB Accredidation
Become an Affiliate


Show Cart
Call Us to Order
Secure Shopping
Payment Info
Sitemap


Copyright © 2017 Car and Truck Remotes. All Rights Reserved.

(866) 690-4308
9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST

customercare@carandtruckremotes.com


www.CarAndtruckRemotes.com
11535 Park Woods Circle Ste B
Alpharetta, GA 30005






















 








  



  


Car Remote Batteries, Key Fob Battery, Keyless Remote Batteries         
















































Home  |  About Us  |  FAQ  |  Contact Us

 |  Business Login


  |  My Business Account  |  Sign Out




1-866-690-4308

9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST









0


Home  ::  Accessories  ::  Batteries for remotesBatteries for Keyless Entry RemotesIs your keyless entry remote battery weak? We recommend replacing a battery in a car remote every several months to keep the key fob working properly and to avoid internal damage of the remote. We carry affordable car remote batteries for sale at only $4.99. Do not drive around the city looking for a replacement car remote battery. Shop our selection of key fob batteries at LOW prices.

 CR2450 battery CR1616 battery CR2025 battery CR2016 battery CR2032 batteryYou May Also Like

2009 Ford Expedition Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $80.00Our Price: $19.954 button Nissan and Infiniti replacement case/shell with rubber padOur Price: $9.952005 Ford Mustang transponder key blankDealer Price: $55.00Our Price: $24.99Toyota, Scion round Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 buttonOur Price: $9.95

Remote Search

Select Year




Select Make




Select Model




Select Make




Select Model




Select Year

Car Remotes By MakeBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFordGMCHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuJeepKiaLexusLincolnMazdaMercuryMitsubishiNissanOldsmobilePontiacSaturnSubaruToyota
TestimonialsBuickVerano RemotesTerrazaRegalRendezvousRainierLucerneLeSabreLaCrosseEnclaveEncore remotesCenturyAllureCadillacDeVilleDTSEscaladeSRXCadillac CT6 Smart Prox Remote KeysCTSChevroletAstroAvalancheBlazerCamaroCaptiva SportCavalierC/KCobaltColoradoCorvetteCruze RemotesEquinoxExpressHHRMalibuMonte CarloImpalaSilveradoSonic RemotesSpark RemotesSuburbanS10TahoeTrackerTrailblazerTraverseTrax RemotesUplanderVentureChryslerChrysler 200Chrysler 300ConcordeLHSPacificaPT CruiserSebringTown & CountryVoyagerDodgeDodge AvengerDodge CaliberCaravanChallengerChargerDakotaDart RemotesDurangoGrand CaravanIntrepidJourneyMagnumNeonNitroRam TruckStratus (sedan & convertible)ViperFordBroncoContourCrown VictoriaC-Max RemotesEconolineEdgeEscapeEscortExcursionExpeditionExplorerExplorer Sport (2DR)Explorer Sport TracFiesta remotesF-150F-250F-350FlexFocusFive HundredFusionFreestarFreestyleMustangProbeRangerTaurusThunderbirdTransit ConnectTransit VanWindstarGMCAcadiaCanyonEnvoyJimmySafariSavanaSierraSonomaSuburbanTerrain RemotesYukonHondaAccordCivicCR-VCR-ZFitInsightOdysseyPassportPilotRidgelineHummerH2H3HyundaiAccentAzeraElantraEntourageGenesis SedanSanta FeSonataTucsonVeracruzInfinitiEX35G25G35G37I35FX35JX35FX37FX45FX50M37M56QX4Q40 RemotesQ50 RemotesQ60 RemotesQ70 RemotesQX56QX50 RemotesQX60 RemotesQX70 RemotesQX80 RemotesIsuzuAmigoAscenderAxiomRodeoTrooperJeep Cherokee RemotesCommanderCompassGrand CherokeeLibertyPatriotRenegade RemotesWrangler RemotesKiaAmantiBorregoForteSedonaSpectra sedanSorentoSportage RemotesSoul RemotesOptimaRio RemotesRondoLexusGX470LX470RX300RX330RX350RX400hLincolnAviatorContinentalLSMark VIIIMark LTMKC RemotesMKSMKT RemotesMKXMKZNavigatorTown CarZephyrMazdaMazda 2Mazda 3Mazda 5Mazda 6 sedan6 hatchbackB-Series TruckCX-3 RemotesCX-5 RemotesCX-7CX-9MX-5 MiataTributeRX-8MercuryCougarGrand MarquisMarinerMilanMontegoMontereyMountaineerMystiqueSableTracerMitsubishiEclipseGalantLancerOutlanderNissan350Z370ZAltimaArmadaCubeFrontierJukeLeafMaximaMuranoNV RemotesNV200 RemotesPathfinderQuestRogueSentraTitanVersaXterraOldsmobileAleroAuroraBravadaIntrigueSilhouettePontiacAztekBonnevilleFirebirdGrand AmGrand PrixG5G6MontanaMontana SV6SolsticeSunfireTrans SportTorrentVibeSaturnAuraL-SeriesOutlookRelayS-SeriesSkyVueSubaruBajaForesterImprezaLegacyB9 TribecaOutbackToyota4RunnerAvalonCamryCelicaCorollaEchoFJ CruiserHighlanderLand CruiserMatrixMR2PaseoPickupPreviaPriusRAV4SequoiaSiennaSolaraSupraTacomaTercelTundraVenzaYaris



Contact Us
Contact Email Form
Shipping Info
Returns / Exchanges
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Glossary


About Us
Why Shop with Us?
Customer Store Reviews
Product Reviews
BBB Accredidation
Become an Affiliate


Show Cart
Call Us to Order
Secure Shopping
Payment Info
Sitemap


Copyright © 2017 Car and Truck Remotes. All Rights Reserved.

(866) 690-4308
9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST

customercare@carandtruckremotes.com


www.CarAndtruckRemotes.com
11535 Park Woods Circle Ste B
Alpharetta, GA 30005






















 








  



  


Nissan Remote Keyless Entry - Key Fobs and Transponder Keys         
















































Home  |  About Us  |  FAQ  |  Contact Us

 |  Business Login


  |  My Business Account  |  Sign Out




1-866-690-4308

9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST









0


Home  ::  NissanKeyless Remotes for NissanNissan keyless entry remotes on sale. Save up to 75% off dealership prices on key fobs for Altima, Maxima, Pathfinder models and more! Lost or broken keyless control or chipped transponder key for your car? Car engine starters or simple key fobs can be replaced here at fraction of a dealer cost. Keyless entry controls have become standard equipment on almost every Nissan car.

350Z remotes370Z RemotesAltima remotesArmada remotesCube RemotesFrontier remotesJuke RemotesLeaf RemotesMaxima remotesMurano remotesNV RemotesNV200 RemotesPathfinder remotesQuest remotesRogue remotesSentra remotesTitan remotesVersa remotesXterra remotes Nissan smart keys and keyfobs on sale.  Save up to 75% off dealership prices on key fobs for Altima, Maxima, Pathfinder models and more! Lost or broken keyless controls or chipped transponder key for your car? They all can be replaced here at fraction of a dealer cost. Such devices have become standard equipment on almost every Nissan car.  Newer versions use what's called an Intelligent Key. The advanced key allows the driver to keep the car key in his/her pocket when unlocking, locking and starting the vehicle from as far as 4.92 feet from vehicle. The vehicle automatically unlocks as soon as the door handle or trunk lid is actuated. You don't need a key unless the batteries on the key fob are dead. When this happens, there is a key hidden inside the key fob.   You May Also Like

Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 buttonOur Price: $9.95Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 buttonOur Price: $9.953 button Nissan and Infiniti replacement case/shell with rubber padOur Price: $9.954 button Nissan and Infiniti replacement case/shell with rubber padOur Price: $9.952008 Nissan Titan transponder key blankDealer Price: $59.00Our Price: $24.95

Remote Search

Select Year




Select Make




Select Model




Select Make




Select Model




Select Year

Car Remotes By MakeBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFordGMCHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuJeepKiaLexusLincolnMazdaMercuryMitsubishiNissanOldsmobilePontiacSaturnSubaruToyota
TestimonialsBuickVerano RemotesTerrazaRegalRendezvousRainierLucerneLeSabreLaCrosseEnclaveEncore remotesCenturyAllureCadillacDeVilleDTSEscaladeSRXCadillac CT6 Smart Prox Remote KeysCTSChevroletAstroAvalancheBlazerCamaroCaptiva SportCavalierC/KCobaltColoradoCorvetteCruze RemotesEquinoxExpressHHRMalibuMonte CarloImpalaSilveradoSonic RemotesSpark RemotesSuburbanS10TahoeTrackerTrailblazerTraverseTrax RemotesUplanderVentureChryslerChrysler 200Chrysler 300ConcordeLHSPacificaPT CruiserSebringTown & CountryVoyagerDodgeDodge AvengerDodge CaliberCaravanChallengerChargerDakotaDart RemotesDurangoGrand CaravanIntrepidJourneyMagnumNeonNitroRam TruckStratus (sedan & convertible)ViperFordBroncoContourCrown VictoriaC-Max RemotesEconolineEdgeEscapeEscortExcursionExpeditionExplorerExplorer Sport (2DR)Explorer Sport TracFiesta remotesF-150F-250F-350FlexFocusFive HundredFusionFreestarFreestyleMustangProbeRangerTaurusThunderbirdTransit ConnectTransit VanWindstarGMCAcadiaCanyonEnvoyJimmySafariSavanaSierraSonomaSuburbanTerrain RemotesYukonHondaAccordCivicCR-VCR-ZFitInsightOdysseyPassportPilotRidgelineHummerH2H3HyundaiAccentAzeraElantraEntourageGenesis SedanSanta FeSonataTucsonVeracruzInfinitiEX35G25G35G37I35FX35JX35FX37FX45FX50M37M56QX4Q40 RemotesQ50 RemotesQ60 RemotesQ70 RemotesQX56QX50 RemotesQX60 RemotesQX70 RemotesQX80 RemotesIsuzuAmigoAscenderAxiomRodeoTrooperJeep Cherokee RemotesCommanderCompassGrand CherokeeLibertyPatriotRenegade RemotesWrangler RemotesKiaAmantiBorregoForteSedonaSpectra sedanSorentoSportage RemotesSoul RemotesOptimaRio RemotesRondoLexusGX470LX470RX300RX330RX350RX400hLincolnAviatorContinentalLSMark VIIIMark LTMKC RemotesMKSMKT RemotesMKXMKZNavigatorTown CarZephyrMazdaMazda 2Mazda 3Mazda 5Mazda 6 sedan6 hatchbackB-Series TruckCX-3 RemotesCX-5 RemotesCX-7CX-9MX-5 MiataTributeRX-8MercuryCougarGrand MarquisMarinerMilanMontegoMontereyMountaineerMystiqueSableTracerMitsubishiEclipseGalantLancerOutlanderNissan350Z370ZAltimaArmadaCubeFrontierJukeLeafMaximaMuranoNV RemotesNV200 RemotesPathfinderQuestRogueSentraTitanVersaXterraOldsmobileAleroAuroraBravadaIntrigueSilhouettePontiacAztekBonnevilleFirebirdGrand AmGrand PrixG5G6MontanaMontana SV6SolsticeSunfireTrans SportTorrentVibeSaturnAuraL-SeriesOutlookRelayS-SeriesSkyVueSubaruBajaForesterImprezaLegacyB9 TribecaOutbackToyota4RunnerAvalonCamryCelicaCorollaEchoFJ CruiserHighlanderLand CruiserMatrixMR2PaseoPickupPreviaPriusRAV4SequoiaSiennaSolaraSupraTacomaTercelTundraVenzaYaris



Contact Us
Contact Email Form
Shipping Info
Returns / Exchanges
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Glossary


About Us
Why Shop with Us?
Customer Store Reviews
Product Reviews
BBB Accredidation
Become an Affiliate


Show Cart
Call Us to Order
Secure Shopping
Payment Info
Sitemap


Copyright © 2017 Car and Truck Remotes. All Rights Reserved.

(866) 690-4308
9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST

customercare@carandtruckremotes.com


www.CarAndtruckRemotes.com
11535 Park Woods Circle Ste B
Alpharetta, GA 30005






















 








  



  


Car Remote Protectors - Leather and Silicone Rubber Keyfob Covers for Keyless Entry         
















































Home  |  About Us  |  FAQ  |  Contact Us

 |  Business Login


  |  My Business Account  |  Sign Out




1-866-690-4308

9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST









0


Home  ::  Accessories  ::  Remote CoversKeyless Remote Covers, Car Remote Protectors CoversShop stylish and colorful remote covers at CarAndTruckRemotes.com. Prices starting at only $9.95. Protect your expensive car remote with one of our covers! Personalize your keyless entry remote - wife gets red cover you get blue. No more - who took my keys questions. Keyless entry remotes are very expensive to replace. Protect your car remote against damage. Key fobs are expensive to replace, get a cheap remote protectors to reduce the possibility of damaging your keyless entry remotes.

 Honda Keyless Remote/key combo rubber cover - 3 button Honda Keyless Remote/key combo rubber cover - 4 button Honda Keyless Entry Remote rubber cover - 4 button Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Mazda Remote/key combo rubber cover - 3/4/5 button Ford, Lincoln, Mercury Keyless Remote rubber cover - 5 button (Van, SUV) Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Mazda Remote/key combo rubber cover - 4 button Ford, Lincoln, Mercury Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Mazda Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep Keyless Remote Fobik rubber cover Dodge, Chrysler Minivan Keyless Remote rubber cover - 6 button Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Cadillac and Corvette Keyless Entry Remote cover - fits 4 and 5 button remotes Buick, Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Pontiac, Saturn Remote cover - 5 button Buick, Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Pontiac, Saturn Remote cover - 3 button Buick, Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Pontiac, Saturn Remote cover - 4 button late models Buick, Chevrolet, Cadillac, GMC, Pontiac, Saturn Remote cover - 4 button Buick, Chevrolet, GMC, Hummer, Pontiac  Remote cover - fits 2,3,4 button Universal Car Remote Cover Tote - Extra Large Universal Car Remote Cover Tote - Large Universal Car Remote Cover Tote - Medium Toyota Prius Keyless Entry Remote rubber cover Toyota, Scion Keyless Remote / key rubber cover - 4 button Toyota, Scion round Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Toyota, Scion round Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Toyota, Scion, Pontiac Vibe Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Toyota, Scion Keyless Entry Remote rubber cover - 3 button Subaru Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3/4 button Nissan Keyless Remote / Key rubber cover - 3 button Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote smart key rubber cover - 4 button Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote smart key rubber cover - 3 button Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Nissan, Infiniti Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Mazda 3, 6, Protege, MPV Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Lexus Keyless Remote/key combo rubber cover - 3 button Hyundai, Kia Keyless Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Hyundai, Kia Keyless Remote rubber cover - 4 button Hyundai, Kia Keyless Remote rubber cover - 3 button Honda Odyssey 1999-2004 Keyless Remote rubber cover Honda Odyssey Keyless Remote rubber cover - 6 button Honda Keyless Entry Remote rubber cover - 3 button Universal Car Remote Cover Totes   There are many benefits to having universal car remote cover totes. These auto remote covers are the perfect way to keep your remotes safe. They are also very stylish. Not to mention, these totes make finding your auto remote very simple. These totes are a great find for anyone that wants to keep their remotes in good working order for as long as possible.   A large car remote tote will hold almost any size remote. It will keep it secure and help prevent it from being harmed if you accidentally drop it. It is expensive to replace a car remote, so having a car remote tote can help you avoid this unnecessary expense. You can feel confident about your remote being protected with a nice large car remote tote made of genuine leather. A small plastic window will allow you to use the remote while it is still in the tote. That way, you do not have to remove it from the tote often. If you do want to remove it, it is easy to do. You will have no trouble taking the remote of the tote to change a battery or for any other reason.   Auto remote covers look good and fashionable. You can enjoy choosing a color that suits your personal style. Try a few different colors if you want some variety. You can have a large tote for your remote that matches all of your outfits if you choose. Pick from classic colors like black, white, and brown. You can also try out trendy colors like pink, yellow, blue, red, and silver. Have fun picking out the right auto remote covers for your needs. You will have plenty of choices.   A car remote tote makes finding your remote and keys simple. You will be able to find your tote with ease and it comes with a key ring that holds all of your keys. Enjoy the convenience of owning one of these large auto remote totes.   You can feel really good about purchasing quality car remote totes. These totes are well made. They are meant to hold your remote securely and last for a long time. If you own a remote, you know how important it is. If you buy one of these covers, you can feel good about it keeping your remote safe from harm.   One of the best things about these large totes is the price. You can feel good about buying one of these great totes for an affordable price instead of spending the money buying a replacement remote. The cool colors and nice leather style make these totes great fashion accessories that everyone will enjoy having. Teenagers just starting out with their driving experience will appreciate these nice totes. More mature and experienced drivers will enjoy these fashionable totes too. You cannot go wrong buying a tote for yourself or as a gift for someone else. This product is a great value for anyone that has a remote for his or her vehicle. Protect Your Car Remote. Don't you hate when a keyless remote stops working? Car remotes take some of the hassle out of car ownership, and if your remote stops working, it can be expensive to replace. At Car and Truck Remotes.com, we have stylish and inexpensive car remote covers that will protect your car remote from damage.  A cheap keyless remote cover adds style to your keyless remote fob while protecting it from damage. They can even be used to personalize your remote so it won't get lost. With our inexpensive car remote covers, you can take your keys anywhere. If you have ever pocket dialed your alarm system, you understand how annoying it can be to carry a keyless remote. Let our keyless remote covers take the hassle and expense out of your keyless device.  Enjoy the convenience of an easy to find cover that allows you to find your keys. The large keyless remote cover fits any device, and adds style and convenience at a reasonable price. The car remote covers are made to fit any size car remote. If you want to choose any stylish color from classic black white and brown to bright red and blue come shop with us.  Our remote covers are durable and stylish and the price is right. You don't have to keep dealing with lost or broken remotes when you shop with us. Our huge selection of remote covers comes in leather and silicone rubber. Just choose your car model. Whether it is Acura, Buick, Toyota, Dodge, or even universal one size fits all type covers. We have the car remote cover you need, so come to our website and check us out. How replacement key fob covers can lengthen the life of your key fob  If the cover on your key fob has seen better days, it may be time to for a replacement. Making sure that your key fob is in good working order will assure ease of use and help some of the functions of your vehicle work properly. Over time your vehicle's key fob and its cover can show wear and tear. Because the actual key fob itself has to be purchased from the manufacturer, you cannot just go out and buy one at your local auto parts store. Depending on the make and model of your vehicle, and the design of your key fob, you can purchase replacement key fob covers online.   Functions The key fob cover protects the inside electronic components of the device. A key fob is a type of wireless key that can remotely perform certain functions related to key entry with your vehicle. It communicates with the control panel of your vehicle and serves as a way to initiate certain tasks. One of the main functions of a key fob is to activate the vehicle's car alarm or stop the alarm from sounding. Many newer model key fobs have a LCD display that shows various icons and letters that correspond with buttons located on your key fob. On the keypad you may find certain functions such as an arming button, which is used to arm any type of security system you may have inside your vehicle. There may also be a status request button that will let you know if your vehicle is currently armed and secured. There is also a panic alarm that will create a loud siren as an added security feature that your vehicle's manufacturer may included with your vehicle. There may also be an electronic car starter button, as well as open door features, depending on the make and model. The key fob cover should also protect these buttons from moisture exposure and puncture.   Cover types There are many different replacement key fob covers to choose from that aid to functionality while providing a sense of style. Key fob covers can be made from a variety of materials but are generally derived from carbon fiber reinforced polymer or a type of high-grade plastic that is extremely strong and durable yet lightweight. First, choose the right manufacturer that correlates with the vehicle that you are buying the key fob for. Choose from a variety of colors such as orange, pink, red, blue or standard black. You can also purchase covers that have a designer print, such as Leopard, mossy oak, camouflage or an American flag design. When placing your order don't forget to include the exact model number of your current key fob and list any extra functions that your vehicle may have. This is important so that the new design matches up correctly with the old one.   Key fob covers are easy to replace. All you have to do is open up your key fob, remove the electronic pack inside and place it into the new cover. The new cover will provide an added sense of protection and lengthen the life of the actual key fob. You May Also Like

2009 Ford Expedition Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $80.00Our Price: $19.954 button Ford Mazda Lincoln Mercury replacement case/shell with rubber padOur Price: $9.952007 Chevrolet Cobalt Remote w/ Engine StartDealer Price: $130.00Our Price: $39.952007 Honda Accord Keyless Remote KeyDealer Price: $100.00Our Price: $69.952013 Nissan Altima Keyless Remote Key combo w/ Engine StartDealer Price: $180.00Our Price: $89.952007 Toyota Camry Keyless Entry Remote KeyDealer Price: $250.00Our Price: $59.952004 Ford F-150 Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $80.00Our Price: $19.952012 Ford Edge Smart Remote Key w/Engine Start - 5 buttonDealer Price: $185.00Our Price: $109.952002 Buick Regal Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $110.00Our Price: $29.952009 Cadillac Escalade Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $150.00Our Price: $39.952009 Dodge Ram Truck 1500 Keyless Entry Remote KeyDealer Price: $180.00Our Price: $79.952005 Chrysler Town & Country Keyless Key Remote (with power doors)Dealer Price: $180.00Our Price: $99.952005 GMC Canyon Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $110.00Our Price: $29.952012 Hyundai Sonata Keyless Entry RemoteDealer Price: $110.00Our Price: $29.952013 Infiniti G37 Keyless Entry Remote / keyDealer Price: $190.00Our Price: $99.952011 Jeep Wrangler Keyless Entry Remote KeyDealer Price: $180.00Our Price: $49.95

Remote Search

Select Year




Select Make




Select Model




Select Make




Select Model




Select Year

Car Remotes By MakeBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFordGMCHondaHummerHyundaiInfinitiIsuzuJeepKiaLexusLincolnMazdaMercuryMitsubishiNissanOldsmobilePontiacSaturnSubaruToyota
TestimonialsBuickVerano RemotesTerrazaRegalRendezvousRainierLucerneLeSabreLaCrosseEnclaveEncore remotesCenturyAllureCadillacDeVilleDTSEscaladeSRXCadillac CT6 Smart Prox Remote KeysCTSChevroletAstroAvalancheBlazerCamaroCaptiva SportCavalierC/KCobaltColoradoCorvetteCruze RemotesEquinoxExpressHHRMalibuMonte CarloImpalaSilveradoSonic RemotesSpark RemotesSuburbanS10TahoeTrackerTrailblazerTraverseTrax RemotesUplanderVentureChryslerChrysler 200Chrysler 300ConcordeLHSPacificaPT CruiserSebringTown & CountryVoyagerDodgeDodge AvengerDodge CaliberCaravanChallengerChargerDakotaDart RemotesDurangoGrand CaravanIntrepidJourneyMagnumNeonNitroRam TruckStratus (sedan & convertible)ViperFordBroncoContourCrown VictoriaC-Max RemotesEconolineEdgeEscapeEscortExcursionExpeditionExplorerExplorer Sport (2DR)Explorer Sport TracFiesta remotesF-150F-250F-350FlexFocusFive HundredFusionFreestarFreestyleMustangProbeRangerTaurusThunderbirdTransit ConnectTransit VanWindstarGMCAcadiaCanyonEnvoyJimmySafariSavanaSierraSonomaSuburbanTerrain RemotesYukonHondaAccordCivicCR-VCR-ZFitInsightOdysseyPassportPilotRidgelineHummerH2H3HyundaiAccentAzeraElantraEntourageGenesis SedanSanta FeSonataTucsonVeracruzInfinitiEX35G25G35G37I35FX35JX35FX37FX45FX50M37M56QX4Q40 RemotesQ50 RemotesQ60 RemotesQ70 RemotesQX56QX50 RemotesQX60 RemotesQX70 RemotesQX80 RemotesIsuzuAmigoAscenderAxiomRodeoTrooperJeep Cherokee RemotesCommanderCompassGrand CherokeeLibertyPatriotRenegade RemotesWrangler RemotesKiaAmantiBorregoForteSedonaSpectra sedanSorentoSportage RemotesSoul RemotesOptimaRio RemotesRondoLexusGX470LX470RX300RX330RX350RX400hLincolnAviatorContinentalLSMark VIIIMark LTMKC RemotesMKSMKT RemotesMKXMKZNavigatorTown CarZephyrMazdaMazda 2Mazda 3Mazda 5Mazda 6 sedan6 hatchbackB-Series TruckCX-3 RemotesCX-5 RemotesCX-7CX-9MX-5 MiataTributeRX-8MercuryCougarGrand MarquisMarinerMilanMontegoMontereyMountaineerMystiqueSableTracerMitsubishiEclipseGalantLancerOutlanderNissan350Z370ZAltimaArmadaCubeFrontierJukeLeafMaximaMuranoNV RemotesNV200 RemotesPathfinderQuestRogueSentraTitanVersaXterraOldsmobileAleroAuroraBravadaIntrigueSilhouettePontiacAztekBonnevilleFirebirdGrand AmGrand PrixG5G6MontanaMontana SV6SolsticeSunfireTrans SportTorrentVibeSaturnAuraL-SeriesOutlookRelayS-SeriesSkyVueSubaruBajaForesterImprezaLegacyB9 TribecaOutbackToyota4RunnerAvalonCamryCelicaCorollaEchoFJ CruiserHighlanderLand CruiserMatrixMR2PaseoPickupPreviaPriusRAV4SequoiaSiennaSolaraSupraTacomaTercelTundraVenzaYaris



Contact Us
Contact Email Form
Shipping Info
Returns / Exchanges
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Glossary


About Us
Why Shop with Us?
Customer Store Reviews
Product Reviews
BBB Accredidation
Become an Affiliate


Show Cart
Call Us to Order
Secure Shopping
Payment Info
Sitemap


Copyright © 2017 Car and Truck Remotes. All Rights Reserved.

(866) 690-4308
9am - 6pm Mon - Fri EST

customercare@carandtruckremotes.com


www.CarAndtruckRemotes.com
11535 Park Woods Circle Ste B
Alpharetta, GA 30005






















 








  



  

Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/category/auto_body_parts_-and-_mirrors.html?" on this server.
Reference #18.1ce0fc7d.1501154142.555ced1f



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/category/engine_-and-_drivetrain.html?" on this server.
Reference #18.18e0fc7d.1501154143.2375db21



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://www.autopartswarehouse.com/category/headlights_-and-_lighting.html?" on this server.
Reference #18.18e0fc7d.1501154143.2375de16


