

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 















Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust

Moody's Org ID:723454993







Moody's Org ID:723454993

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Auto Loans > Prime <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    14 Mar 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Nissan US prime auto loan ABS issued between 2013 and 2016





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Nissan US prime auto loan ABS issued between 2012 and 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Jul 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Nissan issued US prime auto loan ABS





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Oct 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms Nissan issued US prime auto loan ABS issued from 2011 through 2014





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    31 Jul 2013
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust v 1.1 Compared To Consumer - Auto Loans Benchmark v 1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    31 Jul 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Jul 2013
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                














                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Jul 2013
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                














                                    Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust Deal v1.0 Compared To Consumer - Auto Loans Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Jul 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





























































































Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-C Owner Trust: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























nissan auto receivables 2013-c owner trust
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Other Financial Services
Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-C Owner Trust operates as a special purpose entity. The Company, formed in order to issue debt, issues notes and certificates for its parent company.




Corporate Information
Address:

United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Welcome To Trust Investor Reporting



































Welcome
Guest

Sign In


User Guide


Release Notes

Contact Us






			    	Trust Investor Reporting
				



Search For Deals
 
		Inbox 
		
My Portfolio
New Deals
Cash Managed Loans







Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-C Owner Trust 
	Back to Search Results








	                Privacy:
	            


Public




	            	Product Type:
	        	


ABS/MBS




	            	Termination Date:
	        	







	            	Recent Report Date:
	        	


07/17/2017









	                Contact:
	            


Erika Forshtay




	            	Phone:
	        	


312-332-7530




	            	Email:
	        	


erika.forshtay@usbank.com

















 
		       		Periodic Reports
		       	



						P & I Factors
				















  Search 


						Select Product Type
							
ALL
ABS/MBSCDOCMBSWarehouse FacilityCorp/MuniLoan Note IssuanceDCSWTax LienCDOMOFSAIUnknownDoc MgmtDoc Mgmt

						Issuer Name(contains)
							
						Deal Name
							
						CUSIP
							

  
						





 Bulk Download  






You have not added any items to your bulk download list.















  Related Links 

Bondholder Services
Corporate Trust
Trust Resolution Center
TrustNow Essentials
SinglePoint





TIR Annual Certification
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy this is an annual review of users authorized to access private deals/entitlements on the Trust Investor Reporting application.  You are being directed to this page as you are listed as a user who has access to one or more of these deals.  Please review the access listed below and respond accordingly whether access is still required.  If you do not complete this review your access access will be removed.  The due date for this review is October 31st. Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.





Deal Name
Access valid until
Date Certified
Date Declined
Accept
Decline








Expiration of Deal Access
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy, access to all private deals on the Trust Investor Reporting (TIR) website requires annual recertification.  This year's annual recertification period began on October 1st and concluded on October 31st.  Access has now been removed for any private deal for which you did not recertify during this period.  If you require access to any such deal, please submit a new request for access through its deal page.  Your recertification status can always be found on the Certification link at the top of the website.Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.



© 2017 U.S. Bancorp
Member FDIC
© 2017 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP Database provided by Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC.  All rights reserved
Prod3


Privacy Pledge
Terms of Service / Legal Agreement
















 






Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-A Owner Trust, - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-A Owner Trust,





























                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-A Owner Trust,"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Blake Roderick Chapman
 1 years ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus Dated January 7, 2013) $1,363,790,000 Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-A Owner Trust, Issuing Entity Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, Depositor Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, Servicer/Sponsor You should review carefully the factors set forth under Risk Factors beginning on page S-12 of this prospectus supplement and page 9 in the accompanying prospectus. The main source for payments of the notes are collections on a pool of motor vehicle retail installment contracts and monies on deposit in a reserve account. The securities are assetbacked securities and represent obligations of the issuing entity only and do not represent obligations of or interests in Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II, Nissan North America, Inc. or any of their respective affiliates. Neither the securities nor the receivables are insured or guaranteed by any government agency. This prospectus supplement may be used to offer and sell the securities only if it is accompanied by the prospectus dated January 7, Š Š Š Š The issuing entity will issue the four classes of notes described in the table below. The issuing entity will also issue certificates that represent fractional undivided interests in the issuing entity, will not bear interest, and are not being offered to the public, but instead initially will be held by Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II. One or more classes of notes may be retained by Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II or conveyed to affiliates of Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II. The notes will accrue interest from and including the closing date. All classes of offered notes will be fixed rate notes. The principal of and interest on the notes will be payable on the 15th day of each month, unless the 15th day is not a business day, in which case payment will be made on the following business day. The first payment will be made on February 15, Principal Amount Interest Rate Final Scheduled Distribution Date Class A-1 Notes... $ 323,000, % January 15, 2014 Class A-2 Notes... $ 435,000, % September 15, 2015 Class A-3 Notes... $ 410,000, % May 15, 2017 Class A-4 Notes... $ 195,790, % July 15, 2019 Total... $1,363,790,000 (2) (2) Price to Public(1) Underwriting Discount(1) Proceeds to the Depositor(1) Per Class A-1 Notes % 0.130% % Per Class A-2 Notes % 0.180% % Per Class A-3 Notes % 0.240% % Per Class A-4 Notes % 0.300% % (1) Total price to the public is $1,363,660,362.01, total underwriting discount is $2,774, and total proceeds to the Depositor are $1,360,886, (2) Not applicable. Enhancement: Š Reserve account, with an initial deposit of at least $3,551, and subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus supplement. Š A yield supplement overcollateralization amount as described in this prospectus Š supplement. Certificates with an original certificate balance of at least $56,828, are subordinated to the notes to the extent described in this prospectus supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities or determined that this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Citigroup HSBC SOCIETE GENERALE Credit Agricole Securities Mizuho Securities RBS Scotiabank The date of this prospectus supplement is January 9, 2013.2 Table of Contents SUMMARY... S-4 RISK FACTORS... S-12 THE ISSUING ENTITY... S-22 General... S-22 Capitalization of the Issuing Entity... S-23 Property of the Issuing Entity... S-23 THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE... S-24 The Owner Trustee... S-24 The Indenture Trustee... S-25 THE RECEIVABLES... S-25 General... S-25 Characteristics of the Receivables... S-26 Review of Pool Assets... S-34 STATIC POOL INFORMATION... S-34 MATURITY AND PREPAYMENT CONSIDERATIONS... S-35 PREPAYMENTS, DELINQUENCIES, REPOSSESSIONS AND NET CREDIT LOSSES... S-36 Prepayment Information... S-36 Delinquency, Repossession and Credit Loss Information... S-36 WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES... S-38 NOTE FACTORS AND POOL FACTORS... S-44 USE OF PROCEEDS... S-44 THE DEPOSITOR... S-44 NISSAN MOTOR ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION... S-45 Financing... S-45 Securitization... S-45 Repurchases and Replacements... S-46 THE NOTES... S-46 General... S-46 Payments of Interest... S-47 Payments of Principal... S-48 Events of Default; Rights upon Event of Default... S-48 Notices... S-49 DISTRIBUTIONS ON THE NOTES... S-49 Calculation of Available Amounts... S-49 Priority of Payments... S-50 Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments... S-51 SUBORDINATION; RESERVE ACCOUNT; YSOC AMOUNT... S-54 Subordination... S-54 Reserve Account... S-54 YSOC Amount... S-55 THE CERTIFICATES... S-55 General... S-55 Principal... S-55 DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSFER AND SERVICING AGREEMENTS... S-55 The Transfer and Servicing Agreements... S-55 Sale and Assignment of Receivables... S-56 Accounts... S-56 Collections... S-56 Statements to Trustees and Issuing Entity... S-57 Statements to Noteholders... S-57 Advances... S-58 Compensation for Servicer and Administrator... S-58 Net Deposits... S-59 i3 Optional Purchase... S-59 Modifications of Receivables... S-59 Removal or Replacement of Servicer... S-60 Depositor Liability... S-61 Termination of the Sale and Servicing Agreement... S-61 Duties of the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee... S-61 The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee... S-62 FEES AND EXPENSES... S-63 MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES... S-64 ERISA CONSIDERATIONS... S-65 MATERIAL LITIGATION... S-66 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS... S-66 RATINGS OF THE NOTES... S-66 LEGAL OPINIONS... S-66 UNDERWRITING... S-67 Offering Restrictions... S-68 Capital Requirements Directive... S-69 INDEX OF TERMS... S-70 APPENDIX A GLOBAL CLEARANCE, SETTLEMENT AND TAX DOCUMENTATION PROCEDURES... A-1 APPENDIX B STATIC POOL INFORMATION REGARDING CERTAIN PREVIOUS SECURITIZATIONS... B-1 APPENDIX C HISTORICAL POOL PERFORMANCE... C-1 ii4 Important Notice About Information Presented in This Prospectus Supplement and the Accompanying Prospectus Information about the securities is provided in two separate documents that progressively provide varying levels of detail: (1) the accompanying prospectus, which provides general information, some of which may not apply to a particular class of securities, including your class; and (2) this prospectus supplement, which will supplement the accompanying prospectus by providing the specific terms that apply to your class of securities. Cross-references are included in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus that direct you to more detailed descriptions of a particular topic. You can also find references to key topics in the Table of Contents in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus. You can find a listing of the pages where capitalized terms used in this prospectus supplement are defined under the caption Index of Terms beginning on page S-70 in this prospectus supplement and under the caption Index of Terms beginning on page 84 in the accompanying prospectus. You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to give you different information. We make no claim with respect to the accuracy of the information in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus as of any dates other than the dates stated on the respective cover pages. We are not offering the notes in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted. iii5 SUMMARY OF TRANSACTION PARTIES (1) (1) (2) This chart provides only a simplified overview of the relationships between the key parties to the transaction. Please refer to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for a further description of the relationships between the key parties. The Certificates will initially be held by the Depositor. S-16 FLOW OF FUNDS (1) Available Amounts To the Servicer, for reimbursement of Advances To the Servicer, for reimbursement of Nonrecoverable Advances To the Servicer, the Base Servicing Fee Pro rata, to the Noteholders, Interest on the Notes To the Noteholders, the Principal Distribution Amount To Reserve Account, the amount necessary to reach the Specified Reserve Account Balance To the Indenture Trustee,for fees, expenses and indemnification amounts not previously paid and outstanding at least 60 days To the Owner Trustee, for fees, expenses and indemnification amounts not previously paid and outstanding at least 60 days After the Notes have been paid in full, to the Certificateholders, until the Certificate Balance is reduced to zero To the Certificateholders, any remaining amounts (1) This chart provides only a simplified overview of the priority of the monthly distributions. The order in which funds will flow each month as indicated above is applicable for so long as no event of default has occurred and the notes have not been accelerated. For more detailed information or for information regarding the flow of funds upon the occurrence of an event of default, please refer to Distributions on the Notes Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments in this prospectus supplement. S-27 SUMMARY OF MONTHLY DEPOSITS TO AND WITHDRAWALS FROM ACCOUNTS (1) Depositor Servicer Payments on Receivables Obligors on Receivables Reimbursement of Servicer Advances From prior Collection Periods Administrative Payments Principal & Interest on Receivables Servicer Advances Base Servicing Fees Collection Account Withdrawals from Reserve Account Reserve Account Deposits to Reserve Account Payments on Certificates Interest and Principal Excess Fund From Reserve Account Noteholders Certificateholders Certificateholders (1) This chart provides only a simplified overview of the monthly flow of funds. Please refer to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for a further description. S-38 SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information from this prospectus supplement and may not contain all of the information that you need to consider in making your investment decision. This summary provides an overview of certain information to aid your understanding and is qualified in its entirety by the full description of this information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. You should carefully read both documents to understand all of the terms of the offering. Issuing Entity: Depositor: Servicer/Sponsor and Administrator: Initial Holder of the Certificates: Indenture Trustee: Owner Trustee: Statistical Cut-off Date: Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-A Owner Trust. The issuing entity was established by a trust agreement dated as of December 7, 2012, as amended and restated as of the closing date, and will be the entity that issues the notes and the certificates. Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II. Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation. Nissan Auto Receivables Corporation II. Citibank, N.A. Wilmington Trust, National Association. The statistical cut-off date for the receivables in the statistical pool used in preparing the statistical information presented in this prospectus supplement is November 30, 2012, which we refer to as the statistical cut-off date. Cut-off Date: Close of business on December 31, Closing Date: On or about January 16, Statistical Information: Issuing Entity Property: The statistical information in this prospectus supplement is based on the receivables in a statistical pool as of the statistical cut-off date. The receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date will be selected from the statistical pool. The characteristics of the receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date may vary somewhat from the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool described in this prospectus supplement, although the sponsor and the depositor do not expect the variance to be material. The primary assets of the issuing entity will consist of a pool of motor vehicle retail installment contracts, referred to herein as the receivables, collections on the receivables and security interests in the vehicles financed by the receivables, together with the amounts on deposit in various accounts. The receivables will be sold by the sponsor to the depositor and then transferred by the depositor to the issuing entity in exchange for the notes and the certificates. S-49 The principal balance of the receivables as of the statistical cut-off date was $1,512,477, As of the statistical cut-off date, the receivables had the following characteristics: Number of Receivables... 77,500 Average Principal Balance... $19, Weighted Average Annual Percentage Rate % Approximate Weighted Average Original Payments 63 payments to Maturity... Approximate Weighted Average Remaining 56 payments Payments to Maturity... The receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date will, as of the cut-off date, have an aggregate principal balance at least equal to the sum of the initial amount of the notes, plus the initial amount of the certificates, plus the initial yield supplement overcollateralization amount of $22,618, You should refer to The Issuing Entity Property of the Issuing Entity in this prospectus supplement and The Issuing Entities Property of the Issuing Entities in the accompanying prospectus and The Receivables in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus for more information on the property of the issuing entity. Offered Notes: The offered notes will consist of the Class A-1 notes, the Class A-2 notes, the Class A-3 notes and the Class A-4 notes, as described on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. One or more classes of notes may be retained in whole or in part by the depositor or conveyed to an affiliate of the depositor. Certificates: The issuing entity will also issue at least $56,828, initial amount of certificates. The issuing entity is not offering the certificates to the public. The certificates will initially be issued to the depositor. The certificates will represent fractional undivided interests in the issuing entity and will not bear interest. The issuing entity will not make any distributions to the holders of the certificates, as beneficial owners of the issuing entity, on any distribution date until all interest on and principal of the notes then due and payable on that distribution date have been paid in full. However, no distributions on the certificates will reduce the certificate balance until the notes have been paid in full. Terms of the Notes: Distribution Dates: Interest on and principal of each class of notes will be payable on the 15th day of each month, unless the 15th day is not a business day, in which case such payment will be made on the following business day. The first payment will be made on February 15, S-510 Denominations: The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $25,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof in book-entry form (provided that any notes retained by the depositor or conveyed to affiliates of the depositor will be issued as definitive notes). Per annum interest rates: Each class of notes will have a fixed rate of interest (which we refer to in this prospectus supplement as fixed rate notes ), as follows: Class Interest Rates A % A % A % A % Interest Periods and Payments: Interest on the notes will accrue in the following manner, except that on the first distribution date, interest on all of the notes will accrue from and including the closing date: Class From (including) To (excluding) Day Count Convention A-1... Prior Distribution Date Current Distribution Date Actual/360 A th of prior month 15 th of current month 30/360 A th of prior month 15 th of current month 30/360 A th of prior month 15 th of current month 30/360 Interest payments on each class of notes will be paid on a pro rata basis. Principal: Principal of the notes will be payable on each distribution date (other than after the occurrence of an event of default under the indenture and an acceleration of the notes (unless and until the acceleration has been rescinded)) to the Class A-1 notes, until the principal amount thereof is reduced to zero, then to the Class A-2 notes, until the amount thereof is reduced to zero, then to the Class A-3 notes, until the amount thereof is reduced to zero and then to the Class A-4 notes, until the amount thereof is reduced to zero, in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the notes and (ii) the aggregate balance of certificates as of the preceding distribution date (after giving effect to any principal payments made on the notes on such distribution date) (or, in the case of the first distribution date, as of the closing date) over (b) the adjusted pool balance as of the end of the related collection period. At any time the adjusted pool balance shall equal the pool balance minus the yield supplement overcollateralization amount, which represents the aggregate present value (as described below) of the receivables for the related collection period. No distributions on the certificates will reduce the certificate balance until the principal amount of each class of notes has been reduced to zero. S-611 Principal payments on the notes as described above will be made from all available amounts after the servicing fee has been paid, certain advances have been reimbursed, and after payment of interest on the notes. Interest and Principal Payments after an Event of Default: On each distribution date after the occurrence of an event of default under the indenture and an acceleration of the notes (unless and until the acceleration has been rescinded), available amounts (after the servicing fee has been paid and certain advances have been reimbursed to the servicer) will be applied to pay: (a) first, interest on the Class A-1 notes, the Class A-2 notes, the Class A-3 notes and the Class A-4 notes, on a pro rata basis, based on the amount of the noteholders interest distributable amount due to such class, until the accrued interest on such classes has been paid in full, (b) second, principal of the Class A-1 notes, until the outstanding principal balance of the Class A-1 notes has been paid in full, and (c) third, principal of the Class A-2 notes, the Class A-3 notes and the Class A-4 notes, on a pro rata basis, based on the respective outstanding principal balances of those classes of notes, until the outstanding principal balances of those classes of notes have been paid in full. Final Scheduled Distribution Dates: The issuing entity must pay the outstanding principal balance of each class of notes by its final scheduled distribution date as follows: Class Final Scheduled Distribution Date A-1... January 15, 2014 A-2... September 15, 2015 A-3... May 15, 2017 A-4... July 15, 2019 You should refer to The Notes Payments of Principal and Distributions on the Notes Calculation of Available Amounts in this prospectus supplement for more detailed information regarding payments of principal. Servicing/Administration: Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation will service the receivables. In addition, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation will perform the administrative obligations required to be performed by the issuing entity or the owner trustee under the indenture, the trust agreement and certain other basic documents. On each distribution date, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation will be paid a fee for performing its servicing and administrative obligations in an amount equal to one-twelfth of 1.00% of the principal balance of the receivables as of the last day of the preceding collection period, or in the case of the first distribution date, as of the cut-off date. As additional compensation, the servicer will be entitled to retain all supplemental servicing fees, if any, and any income from investments of funds on deposit in the collection account. The servicing fee, together with any portion of the servicing fee that remains unpaid from prior distribution dates, will be payable on each distribution date from available amounts on deposit in the collection account, and will be paid to the servicer prior to the payment of principal of and interest on the notes. S-712 You should refer to Description of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements Compensation for Servicer and Administrator in this prospectus supplement for more detailed information regarding the servicing fees to be paid to Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation. Optional Purchase: The notes will be paid in full on any distribution date on which the servicer exercises its option to purchase the receivables. NMAC, as servicer, may purchase the receivables on any distribution date on which the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the receivables, as of the last day of the related collection period, declines to 5% or less of the original aggregate principal balance of the receivables on the cutoff date. You should refer to Description of the Transfer and Servicing Agreements Optional Purchase in this prospectus supplement for more detailed information regarding the optional purchase of the notes. Enhancement: The enhancement of the offered notes will be the subordination of the certificates, the reserve account and the yield supplement overcollateralization amount. The enhancement is intended to protect you against losses and delays in payments on your notes by absorbing losses on the receivables and other shortfalls in cash flows. Subordination of the Certificates: The certificates have an initial balance of at least $56,828, and represent approximately 4.00% of the initial principal amount of all the notes and the certificates. The holders of the certificates, as beneficial owners of the issuing entity, will receive distributions on any distribution date only after all interest on and principal of the notes due on that distribution date has been paid in full. However, those distributions will not reduce the certificate balance until the notes have been paid in full. Reserve Account: On each distribution date, the issuing entity will use funds in the reserve account for distribution to the noteholders to cover any shortfalls in interest and principal required to be paid on the notes. If the principal amount of a class of notes is not paid in full on the related final scheduled distribution date, the indenture trustee will withdraw amounts from the reserve account (if available) to pay that class in full. The sale and servicing agreement sets forth the specified reserve account balance, which is the amount that is required to be on deposit in the reserve account. On the closing date, the issuing entity will cause to be deposited at least $3,551, into the reserve account, which is approximately 0.25% of the initial outstanding principal balance of all of the notes and the certificates. Thereafter, on any distribution date while the notes are outstanding, the specified reserve account balance will be 0.25% of the adjusted pool balance as of the cut-off date. On each distribution date, after making required payments S-813 to the servicer and on the notes, and prior to making payments on the certificates, the issuing entity will make a deposit into the reserve account to fund and maintain the specified reserve account balance. On each distribution date, after all appropriate deposits to and withdrawals from the reserve account, any amounts on deposit in the reserve account in excess of the specified reserve account balance will be released to holders of the certificates, as beneficial owners of the issuing entity. Funds in the reserve account on each distribution date will be available to cover shortfalls in payments on the notes. You should refer to Subordination; Reserve Account; YSOC Amount Reserve Account in this prospectus supplement for more detailed information regarding the reserve account. The Yield Supplement Overcollateralization Amount: The yield supplement overcollateralization amount with respect to any collection period and the related distribution date is the aggregate amount by which the principal balance as of the last day of such collection period of each receivable (other than a receivable that is a non-collectible or defaulted receivable or a receivable that has been purchased by the servicer or repurchased by the depositor due to certain breaches), exceeds the present value of each scheduled payment of each such receivable assuming the discount rate of that receivable is the greater of 3.50% or the receivable s contract rate and that the scheduled payments (assumed to be equal monthly payments that amortize the receivable principal balance to zero, using its contract rate, over the remaining term of the contract) are made on the last day of each month and each month has 30 days. On the closing date, the yield supplement overcollateralization amount will equal approximately 1.57% of the pool balance as of the cut-off date. You should refer to Subordination; Reserve Account; YSOC Amount YSOC Amount in this prospectus supplement for more detailed information regarding the yield supplement overcollateralization amount. Events of Default: The notes are subject to specified events of default under the indenture, as described under Description of the Indenture Events of Default and Remedies Upon an Event of Default in the accompanying prospectus. Among these events are the failure to pay interest on the notes for five days after it is due or the failure to pay principal on a class of notes on the related final scheduled distribution date or redemption date for each class of notes. If an event of default under the indenture occurs and continues, the indenture trustee or the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the notes may declare the notes to be immediately due and payable. That declaration, under some circumstances, may be rescinded by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the notes. S-914 After an event of default under the indenture and an acceleration of the notes, funds on deposit in the collection account and any of the issuing entity s other accounts with respect to the affected notes will be applied to pay interest on and principal of the notes in the order and amounts described under Distributions on the Notes Priority of Payments in this prospectus supplement. After an event of default under the indenture, the indenture trustee may, under certain circumstances: 1. institute proceedings in its own name for the collection of all amounts then payable on the notes; 2. take any other appropriate action to protect and enforce the rights and remedies of the indenture trustee and the noteholders; or 3. sell or otherwise liquidate the assets of the issuing entity, if the event of default under the indenture relates to a failure by the issuing entity to pay interest on the notes when due or principal of the notes on their respective final scheduled distribution dates. For more information regarding the events constituting an event of default under the indenture and the remedies available following an event of default, you should refer to The Notes Events of Default; Rights Upon Event of Default in this prospectus supplement and Description of the Indenture Events of Default and Remedies Upon an Event of Default in the accompanying prospectus. Tax Status: Subject to certain assumptions and qualifications, Winston & Strawn LLP, special tax counsel to the issuing entity, is of the opinion that the notes (other than, in certain circumstances, any notes retained by the depositor or transferred to its affiliates) will be classified as debt for federal income tax purposes and that the issuing entity will not be characterized as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. The depositor will agree, and the noteholders and beneficial owners will agree by accepting the notes or a beneficial interest therein, to treat the notes as debt for federal income tax purposes. You should refer to Material Federal Income Tax Consequences in this prospectus supplement and Material Federal Income Tax Consequences in the accompanying prospectus. ERISA Considerations: The notes (other than those initially retained by the depositor or conveyed to an affiliate of the depositor, if any) are eligible for purchase by a Benefit Plan (as defined in ERISA Considerations in this prospectus supplement), subject to those considerations and conditions discussed under ERISA Considerations in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus. You should refer to ERISA Considerations in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying prospectus. If you are a Benefit S-1015 Plan fiduciary considering purchase of the notes you are, among other things, encouraged to consult with your counsel in determining whether all required conditions have been satisfied. Eligibility for Purchase by Money Market Funds: The Class A-1 notes will be structured to be eligible securities for purchase by money market funds under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Rule 2a-7 includes additional criteria for investments by money market funds, including requirements and classifications relating to portfolio credit risk analysis, maturity, liquidity and risk diversification. Money market funds contemplating a purchase of the Class A-1 notes are encouraged to consult their counsel before making a purchase. Each class of notes will have the following CUSIP number: Class CUSIP Number A AA0 A AB8 A AC6 A AD4 Ratings: The sponsor expects that the notes will receive credit ratings from two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations hired by the sponsor to assign ratings on the notes (the hired rating agencies ). The ratings of the notes will address the likelihood of payment of principal and interest on the notes according to their terms. Although the hired rating agencies are not contractually obligated to do so, we believe that each hired rating agency rating the notes will monitor the ratings using its normal surveillance procedures. Any hired rating agency may change or withdraw an assigned rating at any time. In addition, a rating agency not hired by the sponsor to rate the transaction may provide an unsolicited rating that differs from (or is lower than) the ratings provided by the hired rating agencies. Any rating action taken by one rating agency may not necessarily be taken by the other rating agency. No transaction party will be responsible for monitoring any changes to the ratings on the notes. See Risk Factors A reduction, withdrawal or qualification of the ratings on your notes, or the issuance of unsolicited ratings on your notes, could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes in this prospectus supplement. S-1116 RISK FACTORS You should consider the following risk factors (and the factors set forth under Risk Factors in the accompanying prospectus) in deciding whether to purchase the notes of any class. Payment priorities increase risk of loss or delay in payment to certain notes Based on the priorities described under The Notes Payments of Interest and The Notes Payments of Principal in this prospectus supplement, classes of notes that receive payments, particularly principal payments, before other classes will be repaid more rapidly than the other classes. In addition, because principal of each class of notes will be paid sequentially (so long as no event of default has occurred), classes of notes that have higher (i.e. 2 being higher than 1) sequential numerical class designations will be outstanding longer and therefore will be exposed to the risk of losses on the receivables during periods after other classes have been receiving most or all amounts payable on their notes, and after which a disproportionate amount of credit enhancement may have been applied and not replenished. Because of the priority of payment on the notes, the yields of the Class A-2 notes, the Class A-3 notes and the Class A-4 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of those losses than the Class A-1 notes. Accordingly, the Class A-2 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of those losses than the Class A-1 notes; the Class A-3 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of those losses than the Class A-1 notes and the Class A-2 notes; and the Class A-4 notes will be relatively more sensitive to losses on the receivables and the timing of those losses than the Class A-1 notes, the Class A-2 notes and the Class A-3 notes. If the actual rate and amount of losses exceed your expectations, and if amounts in the reserve account are insufficient to cover the resulting shortfalls, the yield to maturity on your notes may be lower than anticipated, and you could suffer a loss. Classes of notes that receive payments earlier than expected are exposed to greater reinvestment risk, and classes of notes that receive principal later than expected are exposed to greater risk of loss. In either case, the yields on your notes could be materially and adversely affected. Credit scores and historical loss experience may not accurately predict the likelihood of losses on the motor vehicle loans Information regarding credit scores for the motor vehicle loans obtained at the time of origination of the related receivables is presented in The Receivables Characteristics of the Receivables General in this prospectus supplement. A credit score purports only to be a measurement of the relative degree of risk a borrower represents to a lender, i.e., that a borrower with a higher score is statistically expected to be less likely to default in payment than a borrower with a lower score. Neither the depositor, the sponsor nor any other party makes any representations or warranties as to any obligor s current credit score or the actual performance of any receivable or that a particular credit score should be relied upon as a basis for an expectation that a receivable will be paid in accordance with its terms. S-1217 The continuing economic downturn may adversely affect the performance of the motor vehicle loans, which could result in losses on the notes. The United States is experiencing a continuing period of economic slowdown that may adversely affect the performance and market value of your notes. High unemployment and the continued reduced availability of credit may lead to increased default rates. This period may be accompanied by decreased consumer demand for automobiles and declining values of automobiles securing outstanding automobile loan contracts, which weakens collateral coverage and increases the amount of a loss in the event of default. Significant increases in the inventory of used automobiles during periods of economic slowdown may also depress the prices at which repossessed automobiles may be sold or delay the timing of these sales. In addition, higher future energy and fuel prices could reduce the amount of disposable income that consumers have available to make monthly payments on their automobile loan contracts. Higher energy costs could cause business disruptions, which could cause unemployment and a further or deepening economic downturn. Such obligors could potentially become delinquent in making monthly payments or default if they are unable to make payments due to increased energy or fuel bills or unemployment. The issuing entity s ability to make payments on the notes could be adversely affected if the related obligors are unable to make timely payments. While certain economic factors have improved recently, other factors, such as unemployment, have not yet returned to levels existing prior to the economic slowdown. If the economic downturn worsens or continues for a prolonged period of time, delinquencies and losses with respect to automobile loans generally could increase again. In addition, extreme weather conditions or natural or man-made disasters and their immediate consequences could cause substantial business disruptions, economic losses, unemployment and an economic downturn. When any of these events occur, the obligor s ability or willingness to make payments on the receivables, the value of used vehicles or the servicer s ability to administer the receivables could be adversely affected and accordingly the issuing entity s ability to make payments on the notes could be adversely affected. See Prepayments, Delinquencies, Repossessions and Net Credit Losses Delinquency, Repossession and Credit Loss Information and Static Pool Information in this prospectus supplement for delinquency and loss information regarding certain automobile loans originated and serviced by Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation. S-1318 Geographic concentration of the states of origination of the receivables may increase the risk of loss on your investment As of the statistical cut-off date, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation s records indicate that the billing addresses of the obligors of the receivables were most highly concentrated in the following states: Percentage of Aggregate Statistical Cut-off Date Principal Balance Texas % California % Florida % No other state, based on the billing addresses of the obligors, accounted for more than 5% of the total principal balance of the receivables as of the statistical cut-off date. Economic conditions or other factors affecting these states in particular could adversely affect the delinquency, credit loss, repossession or prepayment experience of the issuing entity. This prospectus supplement provides information regarding the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool (as of the statistical cut-off date) that may differ from the characteristics of the receivables (as of the cut-off date) sold to the issuing entity on the closing date This prospectus supplement describes the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool as of the statistical cut-off date. The receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date may have characteristics that differ somewhat from the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool described in this prospectus supplement. We do not expect the characteristics (as of the cut-off date) of the receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date to differ materially from the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool (as of the statistical cut-off date) described in this prospectus supplement, and each receivable sold to the issuing entity on the closing date must satisfy the eligibility criteria specified in the transaction documents. If you purchase a note, you must not assume that the characteristics of the receivables sold to the issuing entity on the closing date will be identical to the characteristics of the receivables in the statistical pool disclosed in this prospectus supplement. S-1419 Prepaid simple interest contracts may affect the weighted average life of the notes If an obligor on a simple interest contract makes a payment on the contract ahead of schedule, the weighted average life of the notes could be affected. This is because the additional payment will be treated as a principal prepayment and applied to reduce the principal balance of the related contract and the obligor will generally not be required to make any scheduled payments during the period for which it has paid ahead. During this prepaid period, interest will continue to accrue on the principal balance of the contract, as reduced by the application of the additional payment, but the obligor s contract would not be considered delinquent. While the servicer may be required to make interest advances during this period, no principal advances will be made. Furthermore, when the obligor resumes his required payments, the payments so paid may be insufficient to cover the interest that has accrued since the last payment by the obligor. This situation will continue until the regularly scheduled payments are once again sufficient to cover all accrued interest and to reduce the principal balance of the contract. The payment by the issuing entity of the prepaid principal amount of the notes will generally shorten the weighted average life of the notes. However, depending on the length of time during which a prepaid simple interest contract is not amortizing as described above, the weighted average life of the notes may be extended. In addition, to the extent the servicer makes advances on a prepaid simple interest contract that subsequently goes into default, the loss on this contract may be larger than would have been the case had advances not been made because liquidation proceeds for the contract will be applied first to reimburse the servicer for its advances. Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation s portfolio of retail installment contracts has historically included simple interest contracts that have been paid ahead by one or more scheduled monthly payments. There can be no assurance as to the number of contracts in the issuing entity that may become prepaid simple interest contracts as described above or the number or the principal amount of the scheduled payments that may be paid ahead. S-1520 Risk of loss or delay in payment may result from delays in the transfer of servicing due to the servicing fee structure You may suffer losses due to receivables with low annual percentage rates A reduction, withdrawal or qualification of the ratings on your notes, or the issuance of unsolicited ratings on your notes, could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes Because the servicing fee is structured as a percentage of the principal balance of the receivables, the amount of the servicing fee payable to the servicer may be considered insufficient by potential replacement servicers if servicing is required to be transferred at a time when much of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the receivables has been repaid. Due to the reduction in the servicing fee as described in the foregoing, it may be difficult to find a replacement servicer. Consequently, the time it takes to effect the transfer of servicing to a replacement servicer under those circumstances may result in delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal payments on your notes. The receivables may include receivables that have annual percentage rates that are less than the interest rates on the notes. If that is the case, interest paid on the higher coupon receivables and collections related to the yield supplement overcollateralization amount will compensate for the lower coupon receivables. Excessive prepayments on the higher coupon receivables may adversely impact your notes by reducing the amount of interest available in the future to make payments on your notes. The ratings on the notes are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the notes and do not address market value or investor suitability. The ratings reflect the rating agency s assessment of the creditworthiness of the receivables, the credit enhancement on the notes and the likelihood of repayment of the notes. There can be no assurance that the receivables and/or the notes will perform as expected or that the ratings will not be reduced, withdrawn or qualified in the future as a result of a change of circumstances, deterioration in the performance of the receivables, errors in analysis or otherwise. None of the depositor, the sponsor or any of their affiliates will have any obligation to replace or supplement any credit enhancement or to take any other action to maintain any ratings on the notes. If the ratings on your notes are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes. The sponsor has hired two rating agencies and will pay them a fee to assign ratings on the notes. The sponsor has not hired any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization, or NRSRO, to assign ratings on the notes and is not aware that any other NRSRO has assigned ratings on the notes. However, under SEC rules, information provided to a hired rating agency for the purpose of assigning or monitoring the ratings on the notes is required to be made available to each NRSRO in order to make it possible for such non-hired NRSROs to assign unsolicited ratings on the notes. An unsolicited rating could be assigned at any time, including prior to the closing date, and none of the depositor, the sponsor, the underwriters or any of their affiliates will have any obligation to inform you of any unsolicited ratings assigned after the date of this prospectus supplement. NRSROs, including the hired rating agencies, have different methodologies, criteria, models and requirements. If any non-hired NRSRO assigns an unsolicited rating on the notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will not be lower than the ratings provided by the hired rating agencies, which could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your S-1621 notes. In addition, if the sponsor fails to make available to the nonhired NRSROs any information provided to any hired rating agency for the purpose of assigning or monitoring the ratings on the notes, a hired rating agency could withdraw its ratings on the notes, which could adversely affect the market value of your notes and/or limit your ability to resell your notes. Potential investors in the notes are urged to make their own evaluation of the creditworthiness of the receivables and the credit enhancement on the notes, and not to rely solely on the ratings on the notes. Potential rating agency conflict of interest and regulatory scrutiny Federal financial regulatory reform could have a significant impact on the servicer, the sponsor, the depositor or the issuing entity and could adversely affect the timing and amount of payments on your notes The sponsor has hired two NRSROs to provide their ratings on the notes. We note that a rating agency may have a conflict of interest where, as is the case with the ratings of the notes by the hired rating agencies, the sponsor or the issuer of a security pays the fee charged by the rating agency for its rating services. Furthermore, rating agencies, including the hired rating agencies, have been and may continue to be under scrutiny by federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies for their roles in the recent financial crisis and such scrutiny and any actions such legislative and regulatory bodies may take as a result thereof may also have an adverse effect on the market value of the notes and your ability to resell your notes. On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ). Although the Dodd-Frank Act generally took effect on July 22, 2010, many provisions did not take effect for some time, some provisions are still not effective and many provisions require implementing regulations to be issued. The Dodd-Frank Act is extensive and significant legislation that, among other things: creates a framework for the liquidation of certain bank holding companies and other nonbank financial companies, defined as covered financial companies, in the event such a company is in default or in danger of default and the resolution of such a company under other applicable law would have serious adverse effects on financial stability in the United States, and also for the liquidation of certain of their respective subsidiaries, defined as covered subsidiaries, in the event such a subsidiary is in default or in danger of default and the liquidation of such subsidiary would avoid or mitigate serious adverse effects on financial stability or economic conditions of the United States; creates a new framework for the regulation of over-the-counter derivatives activities; strengthens the regulatory oversight of securities and capital markets activities by the SEC; and creates the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ), a new agency responsible for administering and enforcing the laws and regulations for consumer financial products and services. The Dodd-Frank Act impacts the offering, marketing and regulation of consumer financial products and services offered by financial institutions. The CFPB has supervision, examination and enforcement authority over the consumer financial products and services of certain non-depository institutions and large insured depository institutions and their respective affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act also increases the regulation of the securitization markets. For example, implementing regulations will require securitizers or originators to retain an economic interest in a portion S-1722 of the credit risk for any asset that they securitize or originate. It gives broader powers to the SEC to regulate credit rating agencies and adopt regulations governing these organizations and their activities. Compliance with the implementing regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act or the oversight of the SEC or other government entities, as applicable, may impose costs on, create operational constraints for, or place limits on pricing with respect to finance companies such as Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation. Many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act are required to be implemented through rulemaking by the appropriate federal regulatory agencies over the next couple of years. As such, in many respects, the ultimate impact of the Dodd- Frank Act and its effects on the financial markets and their participants will not be fully known for an extended period of time. In particular, no assurance can be given that these new requirements imposed, or to be imposed after implementing regulations are issued, by the Dodd-Frank Act will not have a significant impact on the servicing of the receivables, and on the regulation and supervision of the servicer, the sub-servicer, the sponsor, the originator, the depositor, the issuing entity and/or their respective affiliates. In addition, no assurance can be given that the liquidation framework for the resolution of covered financial companies or the covered subsidiaries would not apply to Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation or its affiliates, the issuing entity or the depositor, or, if it were to apply, would not result in a repudiation of any of the transaction documents where further performance is required or an automatic stay or similar power preventing the Indenture Trustee or other transaction parties from exercising their rights. This repudiation power could also affect certain transfers of the receivables as further described under Material Legal Aspects of the Receivables Dodd- Frank Orderly Liquidation Framework in the accompanying prospectus. Application of this framework could materially adversely affect the timing and amount of payments of principal and interest on your notes. See Material Legal Aspects of the Receivables Dodd- Frank Orderly Liquidation Framework in the accompanying prospectus. Lack of liquidity in the secondary market may adversely affect your notes There will be no market for the notes prior to their issuance, and there can be no assurance that a secondary market will develop after such issuance. Recent and continuing events in the global financial markets, including the failure, acquisition or government seizure of several major financial institutions, the establishment of government programs to assist financial institutions, problems related to subprime mortgages and other financial assets, the devaluation of various assets in secondary markets, the forced sale of asset-backed and other securities as a result of the deleveraging of structured investment vehicles, hedge funds, financial institutions and other entities, and the lowering of ratings on certain asset-backed securities, have caused a significant reduction in liquidity in the secondary market for assetbacked securities. Illiquidity can have a severely adverse effect on the market value of securities that are especially sensitive to prepayment, credit or interest risk, such as the notes. Furthermore, the global financial markets have recently experienced increased volatility due to uncertainty surrounding the level and sustainability of the sovereign debt of various countries. Concerns regarding sovereign debt may spread to other countries at any time. There can S-18  View more














Similar documents





Initial Principal Amount



        Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus Dated February 20, 2015 You should review carefully the factors described under Risk Factors beginning on page S-19 of this prospectus supplement and page 13 in the    

        More information 




$900,000,000 Nissan Master Owner Trust Receivables



        Prospectus Supplement (To accompanying Prospectus dated January 26, 2015) $900,000,000 Nissan Master Owner Trust Receivables Issuing Entity Nissan Wholesale Receivables Corporation II, Nissan Motor Acceptance    

        More information 




$1,000,000,000 CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2015-1



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated February 9, 2015) $1,000,000,000 CarMax Auto Owner Trust 2015-1 Issuing Entity or Trust Initial Principal Amount Interest Rate Final Scheduled Distribution Date    

        More information 




Chase Issuance Trust. Chase Bank USA, National Association



        Prospectus dated August 8, 2011 Chase Issuance Trust Issuing Entity Chase Bank USA, National Association Sponsor, Depositor, Originator, Administrator and Servicer The issuing entity You should consider    

        More information 




Chase Issuance Trust



        The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not seeking an offer to buy these securities in any state where    

        More information 




Bank of America, National Association Sponsor, Servicer and Originator. BA Credit Card Funding, LLC Transferor and Depositor



        Prospectus Dated November 20, 2015 Bank of America, National Association Sponsor, Servicer and Originator The issuing entity BA Credit Card Funding, LLC Transferor and Depositor BA Credit Card Trust Issuing    

        More information 




PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. $1,136,460,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2013-3. Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC. Santander Consumer USA Inc.



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated March 4, 2013) $1,136,460,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2013-3 Issuing Entity Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC Depositor Santander Consumer USA    

        More information 




Interest Rate. Joint Bookrunners of the Class A Notes BofA Merrill Lynch Co-Managers of the Class A Notes



        Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus Dated September 21, 2011) Midticket 2011-1 Issuing Entity CEF Holding, L.L.C. Depositor General Electric Capital Corporation Sponsor, Administrator and Servicer $522,210,000    

        More information 




Hyundai Auto Receivables Trust 2008-A



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated June 12, 2008) You should carefully read the risk factors, beginning on page S-13 of this prospectus supplement and page 7 of the prospectus. The securities are    

        More information 




PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. $1,350,000,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2014-2. Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC. Santander Consumer USA Inc.



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated April 10, 2014) $1,350,000,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2014-2 Issuing Entity Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC Depositor Santander Consumer    

        More information 




Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated June 28, 2007



        Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated June 28, 2007 $1,221,700,000 Student Loan-Backed Notes, Series 2007-A Chase Education Loan Trust 2007-A Issuing Entity Collegiate Funding of Delaware, L.L.C. Depositor    

        More information 




Hyundai Auto Receivables Trust 2007-A



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated September 18, 2007) You should carefully read the risk factors, beginning on page S-14 of this prospectus supplement and page 7 of the prospectus. The securities    

        More information 




PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. $1,025,540,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-5. Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC. Santander Consumer USA Inc.



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus Dated August 2, 2012) $1,025,540,000 Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust 2012-5 Issuing Entity Santander Drive Auto Receivables LLC Depositor Santander Consumer    

        More information 




FIA Card Services, National Association. BA Credit Card Funding, LLC. BA Credit Card Trust



        Prospectus Supplement dated July 26, 2007 to Prospectus dated July 17, 2007 FIA Card Services, National Association Sponsor, Servicer and Originator BA Credit Card Funding, LLC Transferor and Depositor    

        More information 




Discover Bank. Discover Card Execution Note Trust. Discover Card Master Trust I



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT dated October 3, 2007 To Prospectus dated September 27, 2007 $1,250,000,000 Class A(2007-2) DiscoverSeries Notes Discover Bank Sponsor, Originator of Assets, Depositor, Seller and    

        More information 




Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 16, 2013 (to Prospectus dated August 1, 2013) Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust Issuing Entity $650,000,000 Floating Rate Class 2013-A7 Notes of September 2018 (Legal    

        More information 




RBC Money Market Funds Prospectus



        RBC Money Market Funds Prospectus November 25, 2015 Prime Money Market Fund RBC Institutional Class 1: RBC Institutional Class 2: RBC Select Class: RBC Reserve Class: RBC Investor Class: TPNXX TKIXX TKSXX    

        More information 




GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation



        424B5 1 file1.htm FORM 424B5 Page 1 of 141 Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated July 23, 2007 GE Dealer Floorplan Master Note Trust Issuing Entity General Electric Capital Corporation Master Servicer    

        More information 




Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares )



        Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares ) Money Market Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DRTXX U.S. Treasury Portfolio No Ticker Symbol U.S. Government Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DREXX Municipal Portfolio    

        More information 




GE Dealer Floorplan Master Note Trust. General Electric Capital Corporation



        Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated January 26, 2015 GE Dealer Floorplan Master Note Trust Issuing Entity General Electric Capital Corporation Master Servicer CDF Funding, Inc. Depositor GE Commercial    

        More information 




GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO. (Lead Manager and Book-Runner)



        Prospectus Supplement dated June 7, 2006 (For use with Prospectus dated April 14, 2006) $511,373,000 (Approximate) New Century Alternative Mortgage Loan Trust 2006-ALT1 Issuing Entity New Century Mortgage    

        More information 




Bank of America Student Loan Securitization Corporation Depositor. Bank of America, National Association Sponsor, Master Servicer and Administrator



        THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM (THIS OFFERING MEMORANDUM ) IS BEING PROVIDED ONLY TO (1) QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS ( QIBs ) AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A ( RULE 144A ) PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF    

        More information 




JPMORGAN CHASE & CO FORM FWP. (Free Writing Prospectus - Filing under Securities Act Rules 163/433) Filed 07/16/14



        JPMORGAN CHASE & CO FORM FWP (Free Writing Prospectus - Filing under Securities Act Rules 163/433) Filed 07/16/14 Address 270 PARK AVE 38TH FL NEW YORK, NY 10017 Telephone 2122706000 CIK 0000019617 Symbol    

        More information 




Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares )



        Daily Income Fund Retail Class Shares ( Retail Shares ) Money Market Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DRTXX U.S. Treasury Portfolio No Ticker Symbol U.S. Government Portfolio Ticker Symbol: DREXX Municipal Portfolio    

        More information 




Merrill Lynch Mortgage Investors, Inc.



        Prospectus Supplement (to Prospectus dated February 20, 2007) $2,535,000,100 (Approximate) First Franklin Mortgage Loan Trust Mortgage Loan Asset Backed Certificates, Series 2007-FF2 Merrill Lynch Mortgage    

        More information 




CMBX TRANSACTIONS STANDARD TERMS SUPPLEMENT (published on March 7, 2006 and amended and restated as of May 16, 2006) 1



        CMBX TRANSACTIONS STANDARD TERMS SUPPLEMENT (published on March 7, 2006 and amended and restated as of May 16, 2006) 1 This CMBX Transactions Standard Terms Supplement (the CMBX Standard Terms ) hereby    

        More information 




Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JUNE 4, 2002 (to Prospectus dated June 4, 2002) Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust $750,000,000 Floating Rate Class 2002-A4 Notes of June 2014 (Legal Maturity Date June 2016)    

        More information 




Interest Rate (per annum)



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated September 17, 2007) $1,464,000,000 THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2007-3 Issuing Entity THE NATIONAL COLLEGIATE FUNDING LLC Depositor and Sponsor    

        More information 




Reverse Convertible Notes Linked to the Common Stock of Best Buy Co., Inc.



        REVERSE CONVERTIBLE NOTES I RBC STRUCTURED NOTES Reverse Convertible Notes Linked to the Common Stock of KEY TERMS POTENTIAL RETURNS IF THE REFERENCE STOCK FALLS BELOW THE BARRIER PRICE BEFORE THE MATURITY    

        More information 




APPENDIX IV-10 FORM HUD 1731 - PROSPECTUS GINNIE MAE I MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES (CONSTRUCTION AND PERMANENT LOAN SECURITIES)



        GINNIE MAE 5500.3, REV. 1 APPENDIX IV-10 FORM HUD 1731 - PROSPECTUS GINNIE MAE I MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES (CONSTRUCTION AND PERMANENT LOAN SECURITIES) Applicability: Purpose: Prepared by: Prepared in:    

        More information 




$40,694,000* IOWA STUDENT LOAN LIQUIDITY CORPORATION



        This Preliminary Official Statement and the information contained herein are subject to completion or amendment. Under no circumstances shall this Preliminary Official Statement constitute an offer to    

        More information 




Globaldrive Auto Receivables 2015-A B.V. (incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam)



        Before you purchase any notes, be sure you understand the structure and the risks. You should consider carefully the risk factors beginning on page 12 of this prospectus. The notes will be obligations    

        More information 




Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless extended.



        DIVIDEND AND INCOME FUND 11 Hanover Square New York, NY 10005 September 28, 2015 Re: Rights Offering. Prompt action is requested. Dear Fellow Shareholder: Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless    

        More information 




STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated September 26, 2005) $2,349,643,000 (Approximate) STRUCTURED ASSET INVESTMENT LOAN TRUST Pass-Through Certificates, Series 2005-9 Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.    

        More information 




$918,850,000 HSBC HOME EQUITY LOAN TRUST 2005-1 HSBC FINANCE CORPORATION HSBC HOME EQUITY LOAN CORPORATION I



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED JUNE 24, 2005 (TO PROSPECTUS DATED JUNE 24, 2005) $918,850,000 HSBC HOME EQUITY LOAN TRUST 2005-1 Issuer HSBC FINANCE CORPORATION Master Servicer HSBC HOME EQUITY LOAN CORPORATION    

        More information 




HSBC Banc of America Securities LLC Citi Credit Suisse



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated May 15, 2007) HSBC Home Equity Loan Trust (USA) 2007-2, Issuing Entity $784,400,000 Closed-End Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-2 HSBC    

        More information 




UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM 8-K Current Report



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




ASPE AT A GLANCE Section 3856 Financial Instruments



        ASPE AT A GLANCE Section 3856 Financial Instruments December 2014 Section 3856 Financial Instruments Effective Date Fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2011 1 SCOPE Applies to all financial instruments    

        More information 




Equity Opportunity Trust Value Select Ten Series 2008A (A Unit Investment Trust)



        Equity Opportunity Trust Value Select Ten Series 2008A (A Unit Investment Trust) Designed for Total Return From: Current Dividend Income Capital Appreciation Portfolio of 10 Highest Dividend Yielding Dow    

        More information 




Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 6, 2007 (to Prospectus dated February 5, 2007) Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust Issuing Entity $1,000,000,000 Floating Rate Class 2007-A7 Notes of August 2012 (Legal    

        More information 




Structured Investments



        Term Sheet To prospectus dated November 21, 2008, prospectus supplement dated November 21, 2008 and product supplement no. 165-A-III dated October 18, 2010 Term sheet to Product Supplement No. 165-A-III    

        More information 




Government National Mortgage Association



        Prospectus Supplement (To Base Prospectus dated July 1, 2011) [Fixed Rate Collateral] Government National Mortgage Association $35,728,686.00 4.500 Ginnie Mae II Home Equity Conversion Mortgage-Backed    

        More information 




Price to public $1,250,000,000 (or 100.00%) Underwriting discount $ 3,125,000 (or 0.25%) Proceeds to the issuance trust $1,246,875,000 (or 99.



        PROSPECTUS DATED JULY 8, 2009 Citibank Credit Card Issuance Trust Issuing Entity $1,250,000,000 Floating Rate Class 2009-A2 Notes of May 2012 (Legal Maturity Date May 2014) Citibank (South Dakota), National    

        More information 




Sponsor and Servicer. $1,645,063,000 (approximate)



        Prospectus Supplement, Dated July 21, 2006 Prospectus Supplement to Prospectus dated July 21, 2006 LONG BEACH MORTGAGE LOAN TRUST 2006-6 Issuing Entity ASSET-BACKED CERTIFICATES, SERIES 2006-6 LONG BEACH    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. BlackRock Liquidity Funds Select Shares California Money Fund Select: BCBXX FEBRUARY 29, 2016



        FEBRUARY 29, 2016 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS BlackRock Liquidity Funds Select Shares California Money Fund Select: BCBXX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains more information    

        More information 




Credit Acceptance Auto Loan Trust 2013-2



        Presale Report Analysts Lain Gutierrez +1.212.806.3922 lgutierrez@dbrs.com Chris O Connell +1.212.806.3253 coconnell@dbrs.com Credit Acceptance Auto Rating Debt Class Size Coupon Rating Rating Action Class    

        More information 




Member Payment Dependent Notes



        Prospectus Member Payment Dependent Notes We may from time to time offer and sell Member Payment Dependent Notes issued by Lending Club. We refer to our Member Payment Dependent Notes as the Notes. We    

        More information 




ARCH CAPITAL ADVISORS



        ARCH CAPITAL ADVISORS TERM SHEET Mezzanine Debt This term sheet does not constitute an offer and is solely for discussion purposes. This term sheet shall not be construed as creating any obligations on    

        More information 




Evergreen INSTITUTIONAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS. Prospectus July 1, 2009



        Evergreen INSTITUTIONAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS Prospectus July 1, 2009 Evergreen Institutional 100% Treasury Money Market Fund Evergreen Institutional Money Market Fund Evergreen Institutional Municipal Money    

        More information 




UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM 8-K Current Report



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




Citibank (South Dakota), National Association on behalf of Citibank Credit Card Master Trust I. United States of America 46-0358360



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund COLLECTIVE FUND DISCLOSURE



        Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund COLLECTIVE FUND DISCLOSURE Wells Fargo/BlackRock Short Term Investment Fund This disclosure summarizes information about the Short Term Investment Fund    

        More information 




Half - Year Financial Report January June 2015



        Deutsche Bank Capital Finance Trust I (a statutory trust formed under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act with its principle place of business in New York/New York/U.S.A.) Half - Year Financial Report January    

        More information 




Review Notes Linked to the Lesser Performing of the S&P 500 Index and the Russell 2000 Index due September 23, 2019



        Registration Statement No. 333-199966; Rule 433 August 27, 2015 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Structured Investments Review Notes Linked to the Lesser Performing of the S&P 500 Index and due September 23, 2019    

        More information 




GOLDMAN SACHS VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST



        GOLDMAN SACHS VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST Institutional and Service Shares of the Goldman Sachs Money Market Fund (the Fund ) Supplement dated July 29, 2015 to the Prospectuses and Summary Prospectuses, each    

        More information 




of 1933. This pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus are not an offer to sell these notes in any



        This pricing supplement, which is not complete and may be changed, relates to an effective Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933. This pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus    

        More information 




Globaldrive Auto Receivables 2013-A B.V. (incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam)



        Before you purchase any notes, be sure you understand the structure and the risks. You should consider carefully the risk factors beginning on page 12 of this prospectus. The notes will be obligations    

        More information 




JPMORGAN CHASE & CO FORM 424B2. (Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)) Filed 06/14/16



        JPMORGAN CHASE & CO FORM 424B2 (Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2)) Filed 06/14/16 Address 270 PARK AVE 38TH FL NEW YORK, NY 10017 Telephone 2122706000 CIK 0000019617 Symbol JPM Fiscal Year 12/31    

        More information 




ADVISORSHARES TRUST. AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating Rate ETF NYSE Arca Ticker: FLRT



        ADVISORSHARES TRUST AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating Rate ETF NYSE Arca Ticker: FLRT Supplement dated February 26, 2016 to the Summary Prospectus, Prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information    

        More information 




VII COMMERCIAL PAPER BACKED BY CREDIT CARD RECEIVABLES



        VII COMMERCIAL PAPER BACKED BY CREDIT CARD RECEIVABLES INTRODUCTION Asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) conduits issue short-term notes backed by trade receivables, credit card receivables, or medium-term    

        More information 




$250,000,000 AEGON N.V. (a Netherlands public company with limited liability) Floating Rate Perpetual Capital Securities



        Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated May 20, 2005) $250,000,000 23MAY200515574389 AEGON N.V. (a Netherlands public company with limited liability) Floating Rate Perpetual Capital Securities We are    

        More information 




NOTICE TO INVESTORS: THE NOTES ARE SIGNIFICANTLY RISKIER THAN CONVENTIONAL DEBT INSTRUMENTS.



        PRICING SUPPLEMENT Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-171806 Dated May 22, 2013 Royal Bank of Canada Airbag Autocallable Yield Optimization Notes $6,732,000 Notes Linked to    

        More information 




INDEX. Page. Directory 3. Important Notice 4. Background 6. The Waratah Structure 8. Summary of Terms 8. The Issuer 9. Commercial Paper Notes 9



        A$5,000,000,000 Asset Backed Commercial Paper Programme Servicing Agent & Sponsor Dealers Commonwealth Bank of Australia Macquarie Bank Limited Westpac Banking Corporation August 2009 INDEX Page Directory    

        More information 




Protective Life Insurance Company Sponsor and Depositor $4,000,000,000 InterNotes



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated August 22, 2005) Protective Life Insurance Company Sponsor and Depositor $4,000,000,000 InterNotes Issued Through Protective Life Secured Trusts Each series of    

        More information 




$3,420,000 Royal Bank of Canada Senior Global Medium-Term Notes, Series D. Inflation Linked Notes, Due January 28, 2020



        Pricing Supplement dated January 26, 2010 to the Product Prospectus Supplement FIN-1 dated January 11, 2010, the Prospectus Supplement dated January 11, 2010 and the Prospectus dated January 11, 2010 $3,420,000    

        More information 




Globaldrive Auto Receivables 2014-A B.V. (incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam)



        Before you purchase any notes, be sure you understand the structure and the risks. You should consider carefully the risk factors beginning on page 12 of this prospectus. The notes will be obligations    

        More information 




HSBC Specialist Funds Limited. Short Duration Fixed Income Fund Supplement 2 November 2015



        HSBC Specialist Funds Limited Short Duration Fixed Income Fund Supplement 2 November 2015 HSBC Specialist Funds Limited Short Duration Fixed Income Fund Supplement 2 November 2015 This document (the Short    

        More information 




Arkansas Development Finance Authority, a Component Unit of the State of Arkansas



        Arkansas Development Finance Authority, a Component Unit of the State of Arkansas Combined Financial Statements and Additional Information for the Year Ended June 30, 2000, and Independent Auditors Report    

        More information 




Climb Investco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Climb Credit, Inc., a Delaware Corporation



        Amended and Restated Final Agreement of the Parties PARTIES Lender Manager Master Servicer School ELIGIBILITY Eligible Assets Eligible Schools TRANSACTION Transaction Term Survival Program Size Funding    

        More information 




ACAS BUSINESS LOAN TRUST 2007-2



        OFFERING MEMORANDUM [LOGO] ACAS BUSINESS LOAN TRUST 2007-2 U.S.$300,500,000 CLASS A FLOATING RATE ASSET BACKED NOTES DUE 2019 U.S.$37,500,000 CLASS B FLOATING RATE DEFERRABLE ASSET BACKED NOTES DUE 2019    

        More information 




6 Year Coupon Digital Barrier Notes Linked to the S&P 500 Index and Russell 2000 Index Product Terms



        Filed pursuant to Rule 433 Registration Statement Nos. 333-202913 and 333-180300-03 FINANCIAL PRODUCTS FACT SHEET (T609) Offering Period: September 1, 2015 September 17, 2015 6 Year Coupon Digital Barrier    

        More information 




U.S. Small Business Administration Guaranteed 2.507% Debenture Participation Certificates, Series SBIC 2016-10 A.



        OFFERING CIRCULAR $1,106,500,000 (Approximate) U.S. Small Business Administration Guaranteed 2.507% Debenture Participation Certificates, Series SBIC 2016-10 A Evidencing Fractional Undivided Interests    

        More information 




City National Rochdale Municipal High Income Fund a series of City National Rochdale Funds



        City National Rochdale Municipal High Income Fund a series of City National Rochdale Funds SUMMARY PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2016 Class: Servicing Class Class N Ticker: (CNRMX) (CNRNX) Before you invest,    

        More information 




Market Linked Certificates of Deposit



        Market Linked Certificates of Deposit This material was prepared by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, a registered brokerdealer and separate non-bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. This material is not    

        More information 




Statement to Securityholder. Ally Auto Receivables Trust 2014-SN2



        Distribution Information Deal Information 1. Distribution Summary 2. Factor Summary Deal: Asset Type: Consumer Lease 3. Interest Summary Closing Date: 10/22/2014 4. Collections and Distributions Bloomberg    

        More information 




BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund. Shareholders should retain this Supplement for future reference.



        BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund Supplement dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus, Summary Prospectuses and Statement of Additional Information of the Funds, dated January 4, 2016    

        More information 




F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS. Brazos Student Finance Corporation Year Ended June 30, 2014 With Independent Auditors Report



        F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS Brazos Student Finance Corporation Year Ended June 30, 2014 With Independent Auditors Report Financial Statements Year Ended June 30, 2014 Contents Independent Auditors Report...1    

        More information 




TRANSAMERICA SERIES TRUST Transamerica Vanguard ETF Portfolio Conservative VP. Supplement to the Currently Effective Prospectus and Summary Prospectus



        TRANSAMERICA SERIES TRUST Transamerica Vanguard ETF Portfolio Conservative VP Supplement to the Currently Effective Prospectus and Summary Prospectus * * * The following replaces in their entirety the    

        More information 




An Alternative Way to Diversify an Income Strategy



        Senior Secured Loans An Alternative Way to Diversify an Income Strategy Alternative Thinking Series There is no shortage of uncertainty and risk facing today s investor. From high unemployment and depressed    

        More information 




Goldman Sachs Bank USA Certificates of Deposit



        Goldman Sachs Bank USA Certificates of Deposit TERMS OF SALE The following terms may apply to the Certificates of Deposit (which we refer to as the CDs in this disclosure statement) that Goldman Sachs    

        More information 




Public Policy and Innovation: Partnering with Capital Markets through Securitization. Antonio Baldaque da Silva November 2007



        Public Policy and Innovation: Partnering with Capital Markets through Securitization Antonio Baldaque da Silva November 2007 Agenda 1. Motivation: Innovation and Public Policy 2. Traditional tools 3. Alternatives:    

        More information 




487,650,000.00. Arranger and Lead Manager for the Class A Notes. Deutsche Bank. The issuer will issue:



        The issuer will issue: 487,650,000.00 Globaldrive Auto Receivables 2009-C B.V. (a private company incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands with its corporate seat in Amsterdam) FCE Bank plc Seller    

        More information 




ALLOCATION STRATEGIES A, C, & I SHARES PROSPECTUS August 1, 2015



        ALLOCATION STRATEGIES A, C, & I SHARES PROSPECTUS August 1, 2015 Investment Adviser: RidgeWorth Investments A Shares C Shares I Shares Aggressive Growth Allocation Strategy SLAAX CLVLX CVMGX Conservative    

        More information 




Bond Fund of the TIAA-CREF Life Funds



        Summary Prospectus MAY 1, 2015 Bond Fund of the TIAA-CREF Life Funds Ticker: TLBDX Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s prospectus, which contains more information about the Fund and its    

        More information 




$80,000,000 3,200,000 Shares 5.45% Series J Cumulative Preferred Stock (Liquidation Preference $25.00 per share)



        PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated March 18, 2016) THE GABELLI EQUITY TRUST INC. Filed Pursuant to Rule 497(c) Registration Statement No. 333-195247 $80,000,000 3,200,000 Shares 5.45% Series J    

        More information 




$1,000,000,000. Member Payment Dependent Notes



        Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) Registration Statement No. 333-177230 $1,000,000,000 Member Payment Dependent Notes This is a public offering of up to $1,000,000,000 in principal amount of Member Payment    

        More information 




J.P. MORGAN SPECIALTY FUNDS. JPMorgan U.S. Real Estate Fund (All Share Classes) (a series of JPMorgan Trust II)



        J.P. MORGAN SPECIALTY FUNDS JPMorgan U.S. Real Estate Fund (All Share Classes) (a series of JPMorgan Trust II) Supplement dated November 12, 2013 to the Prospectus and Summary Prospectus dated May 1, 2013,    

        More information 




The Pooling and Servicing Agreement



        An Investor s Guide to The Pooling and Servicing Agreement Stewart McQueen Partner Dechert LLP Gennady A. Gorel Associate Dechert LLP Chris van Heerden, CFA Director CMBS and Real Estate Research Wells    

        More information 




BLACKROCK FUNDS SM BlackRock Emerging Markets Long/Short Equity Fund (the Fund )



        BLACKROCK FUNDS SM BlackRock Emerging Markets Long/Short Equity Fund (the Fund ) Supplement dated May 6, 2016 to the Fund s Summary Prospectus and Prospectus, each dated November 27, 2015 Effective immediately,    

        More information 




Final Pricing Supplement



        Final Pricing Supplement Pricing Supplement Dated May 13, 2013 to the Product Prospectus Supplement Dated March 1, 2011, Prospectus Supplement Dated January 28, 2011, and Prospectus, Dated January 28,    

        More information 




FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORPORATION Structured Agency Credit Risk (STACR ) Debt Notes, Series 2014-DN1



        FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORPORATION Structured Agency Credit Risk (STACR ) Debt Notes, Series 2014-DN1 STACR DEBT AGREEMENT STACR DEBT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of February 12, 2014, between    

        More information 




United States of America 46-0358360



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT



        DIVERSIFIED ASSETS PORTFOLIO SUMMARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NORTHERN INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS DIVERSIFIED ASSETS PORTFOLIO SHARES SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 27, 2016 TO SUMMARY PROSPECTUS DATED APRIL 1, 2016 The Summary    

        More information 




AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST (Exact name of issuing entity as specified in its charter)



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-D ASSET-BACKED ISSUER DISTRIBUTION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the    

        More information 




Case 10-33583-bjh11 Doc 31 Filed 12/07/10 Entered 12/07/10 18:18:45 Desc Main Document Page 1 of 10



        Document Page 1 of 10 Eric A. Liepins ERIC A. LIEPINS, P.C. 12770 Coit Road Suite 1100 Dallas, Texas 75251 Ph. (972) 991-5591 Fax (972) 991-5788 ATTORNEYS FOR DEBTOR IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT    

        More information 




General Electric Capital Corporation



        Filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) Registration Statement No. 333-178262 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated December 5, 2012) General Electric Capital Corporation GE Capital* InterNotes Due From    

        More information 




State Street Institutional Investment Trust SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 23, 2016



        State Street Institutional Investment Trust SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 23, 2016 TO PROSPECTUSES, SUMMARY PROSPECTUSES AND STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DATED APRIL 29, 2016 STATE STREET INSTITUTIONAL LIQUID    

        More information 




Commercial Paper Memorandum DCAT, LLC. Goldman, Sachs & Co. October 2014 DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER



        Memorandum DCAT, LLC DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER DCAT, LLC ( DCAT or the Issuer ) is a special-purpose, bankruptcy-remote entity formed on May 15, 2012 and is the survivor of a merger with Dealers Capital Access    

        More information 




American Express Receivables Financing CORP V LLC 10-D



        American Express Receivables Financing CORP V LLC 10-D Periodic distribution reports by Asset-Backed issuers pursuant to Rule 13a-17 or 15d-17 Filed on 02/15/2011 Filed Period 01/23/2011 UNITED STATES    

        More information 




Nuveen Ohio Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund 2



        PROSPECTUS $22,244,000 Nuveen Ohio Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund 2 MUNIFUND TERM PREFERRED SHARES 2,224,400 Shares, 2.35% Series 2014 Liquidation Preference $10 Per Share The Offering. Nuveen Ohio    

        More information 


















                2017 © DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback

















 



Fitch Affirms Two Classes of Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Two Classes of Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust
    





June 15, 2016 04:02 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As part of its ongoing surveillance, Fitch Ratings affirms two 
      outstanding classes of the Nissan Auto Receivables 2013-B Owner Trust at 
      their current ratings. A full list of rating actions follows at the end 
      of this press release.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The rating affirmations are based on available credit enhancement and 
      loss performance. The collateral pool continues to perform within 
      Fitch's expectations. Based on the current structure and credit 
      enhancement, the securities are able to withstand stress scenarios 
      consistent with the original ratings and make full payments to investors 
      in accordance with the terms of the documents.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      could produce loss levels higher than the current projected base case 
      loss proxy and impact available loss coverage and multiples levels for 
      the transaction. Lower loss coverage could impact ratings and Rating 
      Outlooks, depending on the extent of the decline in coverage.
    

      In Fitch's initial review of the transaction, the notes were found to 
      have limited sensitivity to a 1.5x and 2.5x increase of Fitch's base 
      case loss expectation. To date, the transaction has exhibited strong 
      performance with losses well within Fitch's initial expectations with 
      rising loss coverage and multiple levels. As such, a material 
      deterioration in performance would have to occur within the asset pool 
      to have potential negative impact on the outstanding ratings.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      No third party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to 
      this rating action.
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:
    

      Nissan Auto Receivables Owner Trust 2013-B:
    

      --Class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-4 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com


      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 14 
      May 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=744158


      Criteria for Servicing Continuity Risk in Structured Finance (pub. 17 
      Dec 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=875586


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Rating Criteria for U.S. Auto Loan ABS (pub. 21 Mar 2016)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=878723


      Related Research
    

      Nissan Auto Lease Trust 2013-B - Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=721057


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1006117


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1006117


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystYun TianAssociate Director+1-212-908-0307Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY, 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonDu TrieuSenior Director+1-312-368-2091orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278Email: sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystYun TianAssociate Director+1-212-908-0307Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY, 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonDu TrieuSenior Director+1-312-368-2091orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278Email: sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










2013 Nissan Cars for Sale Nationwide - Autotrader

Sign in | Sign up | Sign in with Facebook0 Saved VehiclesAdvertisement2013 Nissan Cars for Sale Nationwide Enter Location 9,895 matchesModify ResultsRadius 10 Miles25 Miles50 Miles75 Miles100 Miles200 Miles300 Miles500 MilesAny DistanceMinimum Year 198119821983198419851986198719881989199019911992199319941995199619971998199920002001200220032004200520062007200820092010201120122013Maximum Year 201320142015201620172018Minimum Price Any Price$1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$22,000$24,000$26,000$28,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000Maximum Price Any Price$1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$22,000$24,000$26,000$28,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000Mileage Any MileageUnder 15,000Under 30,000Under 45,000Under 60,000Under 75,000Under 100,000Under 150,000Under 200,000Over 200,000StyleAWD / 4WDCommercialCoupeHatchbackHybrid / ElectricSedanSUV / CrossoverTruckSee allMakeAcuraAlfa RomeoAMCAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBugattiBuickNissanSee allNissan ModelsAltimaFrontierJukeLeafMaximaMuranoPathfinderRogueSentraVersaSee allConditionNewUsedCertifiedExterior ColorBlackBlueBrownBurgundyGoldGrayRedSilverTanWhiteSee allEngine3 Cylinder4 Cylinder5 Cylinder6 Cylinder8 Cylinder10 Cylinder12 CylinderElectricHybridRotary EngineTransmissionAutomaticManualFeatures3rd Row SeatsBackup CameraCD PlayerCruise ControlDVD PlayerHeated SeatsLeather SeatsLift KitNavigationSunroofSee allSeller TypeDealers OnlyInstant Cash Offer Participating DealersPrivate Sellers OnlyDrive TypeAWD/4WDFront Wheel DriveRear Wheel DriveFuel TypeAlternativeDieselElectricGasolineHybridFuel Economy40+ MPG31 - 40 MPG21 - 30 MPG10 - 20 MPGInterior ColorBeigeBlackBlueBrownGrayOff WhiteRedSilverTanWhiteSee allTruck Cab SizeCrew CabExtended CabRegular CabDoorsTwo DoorThree DoorFour DoorFive DoorListing FeaturesPhotosPriceVideoAdvertisementAdvertisementYour Search | Save searchClear AllNissanMin Year: 2013Max Year: 2013Edit this search | Start a new searchSort by Price - LowestPrice - HighestMake/Model - A to ZMake/Model - Z to AMileage - LowestMileage - HighestYear - OldestYear - Newest Per page 10255075100Page 1 of 40Sponsored ResultsAdvertisementPremium Listings12Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Save|Compare$115,000Reduced!12,700 miles Blue-CAR HAS 1,000 MILES ON NEW MOTOR, TRANSMISSION, CLUTCH ETC.  MODS LIST: *ENGINE EQT BUILT 4.1 SHORT-BLOCK 88.4MM BILLET CRANK MANLEY TURBO ...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryPrivate SellerEmail SellerGet this seller's phone number18Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionSave|Compare$92,9007,989 miles BlackShowroom condition-still new car smell. Includes extra set of Black Edition Rims & Tires with TPMs-New condition. Bought extra set with car-...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryPrivate SellerEmail SellerGet this seller's phone number12Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionSave|Compare$82,99512,287 miles WhiteFBO 2013 Nissan GTR Black Edition, low miles.  COBB CAI's ASNU330LHP Pumps ID1000's AMS Downpipes Greddy Titanitum Exhaust Vorsteiner VFF103...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryPrivate SellerEmail SellerGet this seller's phone numberStock Photo 1Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionSave|Compare$74,99911,701 miles-NAVIGATION SYSTEM, LEATHER SEATS, AND HEATED FRONT SEATS- -Low Miles!- -MULTI-POINT INSPECTED- Priced below market! This GT-R will sell fas...Modern NissanText Anonymously or Call1-855-335-044840Used 2013 Nissan GT-R PremiumSave|Compare$71,777Newly Listed18,405 miles Black~ CLEAN CARFAX ~ 1 OWNER ~ SUPER LOW MILES ~ 2013 NISSAN GT-R PREMIUM 3.8L DOHC TWIN TURBO 545HP DUAL CLUTCH PADDLE SHIFT TRANSMISSION ~ BRE...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryINFINITI of Hoffman Estates1-844-279-3308Advertisement571Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Save|Compare$69,99731,987 miles Black2013 NISSAN GT-R BLACK EDITION  VISCONTI FLEX FUEL KIT!! MEISTERSCHAFT EXHAUST - AAM MIDPIPE - AGENCY POWER DOWNPIPES - GOT BOOST INTAKE - I...Cosmo MotorsText Anonymously or Call1-866-445-865937Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionSave|Compare$68,995Newly Listed11,203 miles White******SAFETY INSPECTION COMPLETED****BLACK EDITION*****BACK UP CAMERA******NAVIGATION***** 0 - 60 MPH IN 2.9 SECONDS*******545 HORSEPOWER***...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryFuture Auto SalesText Anonymously or Call1-866-661-870129Used 2013 Nissan GT-R PremiumSave|Compare$68,65037,030 miles GrayNew Price! Certified. Gray 2013 Nissan GT-R AWD 6-Speed Automatic 3.8L V6 DOHC 24V Twin Turbocharged   Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Details:  ...Continental Nissan1-888-479-0095491Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Save|Compare$68,47525,487 miles BlackUP FOR SALE !! THIS CARFAX CERTIFIED 2013 NISSAN GTR IS BEING OFFERED WITH THE REMAINING FACTORY WARRANTY INCLUDED ! KNOWN IN THE WORLD OF S...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryWorld Class AutomobilesText Anonymously or Call1-844-282-6550Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionUsed 2013 Nissan GT-R Black Edition - 462775061Used 2013 Nissan GT-R Black EditionSave|Compare$58,998Newly Listed44,354 miles BlackGet AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryCTE AUTO GROUP1-800-598-1473Advertisement20Used 2013 Nissan 370Z TouringSave|Compare$34,99520,742 miles WhiteBUY WITH CONFIDENCE THIS VEHICLE IS NISSAN CERTIFIED AND COMES WITH A 7YEAR/100,000- MILE LIMITEDWARRANTY. EMERGENCY ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE FOR...Lynnes Nissan Subaru, Inc.1-877-559-663724Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$34,33240,026 miles Black*White Glove Detailed*, 4WD.CARFAX One-Owner.Odometer is 25256 miles below market average!Our incredible selection, our low overhead and low...Holzhauer Auto GroupText Anonymously or Call1-866-402-473233Certified 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$33,98548,384 miles BlackNISSAN CERTIFIED* ONE OWNER* CLEAN CARFAX* 7 YEAR 100K POWERTRAIN WARRANTY* LOW MILES* NAVIGATION* BACKUP CAM* XM RADIO* BLUETOOTH* DVD ENTE...Passport Nissan of Alexandria1-866-947-59471Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$32,99421,815 miles GrayPlatinum Reserve Package (Body-Colored Exterior Door Handles, Center Console w/Cupholder Lid, Chocolate Embroidered Floor Mats, Chocolate Le...Southwest INFINITI of HoustonText Anonymously or Call1-877-733-574844Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$32,69846,080 miles Black2013 NISSAN ARMADA PLATINUM FULLY LOADED WITH NAVIGATION, POWER MOONROOF, BOSE SOUND SYSTEM, LEATHER INTERIOR, HEATED FRONT AND REAR SEATS, ...Germain Nissan of ColumbusText Anonymously or Call1-866-497-0932Advertisement28Used 2013 Nissan Armada 4WD PlatinumSave|Compare$31,99149,953 miles White,BOSE PREMIUM STEREO,FIXED RUNNING BOARDS,LUGGAGE RACK,MECHANICAL 5.6L V 8 DOHC SMPI 32 VALVE FRONT ENGINE WITH VARIABLE VALVE CONTROL ELECT...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryBriggs Lawrence Auto PlazaText Anonymously or Call1-877-260-3195371Used 2013 Nissan Titan PRO-4XSave|Compare$31,99038,442 miles Black(VEHICLE IS SIGNED BY KEN GRIFFEY JR.)*USB INPUT, *ULTRA SONIC REAR PARKING ASSIST, *TOW PACKAGE, *SUNROOF/MOONROOF, *STEERING WHEEL AUDIO C...Automaxx of SummervilleText Anonymously or Call1-855-499-5526Stock Photo 1Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$31,98933,644 miles4WD. Gasoline! GPS Nav!  This great 2013 Nissan Armada is the rare family vehicle you have been searching for. It is nicely equipped with fe...Wilkins GMC Buick SubaruText Anonymously or Call1-866-319-329235Used 2013 Nissan Armada 2WDSave|Compare$31,780View loan/lease paymentNewly Listed38,504 miles White2013 Nissan Armada with Leather Seats,Power Front Seats,Driver Seat Memory,Heated Front Seats,Heated Second Row Seats,Power Folding Third Ro...Texas Direct AutoText Anonymously or Call1-888-820-0591341Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$31,68248,445 miles BlackLOADED 2013 Nissan Armada Platinum! Navigation, sunroof, full power leather interior, second-row captain's chairs, seats seven. The ULTIMATE...Capitol Chevrolet-SCText Anonymously or Call1-888-985-8112Advertisement24Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$31,48932,248 miles BrownNew Price! Priced below KBB Fair Purchase Price! 2013 Nissan Armada Platinum 5.6L 8-Cylinder SMPI DOHC Espresso Black MP3, Bluetooth, Ipod A...Jerry AckermanText Anonymously or Call1-866-207-2476Stock Photo 1Used 2013 Nissan Armada 4WDSave|Compare$31,40047,166 miles WhiteO'Brien Nissan1-866-868-078321Certified 2013 Nissan Titan SSave|Compare$31,38935,313 miles WhiteFor a top driving experience, check out this 2013 Nissan Titan S with a a power outlet, traction control, anti-lock brakes, dual airbags, si...Lynnes Nissan WestText Anonymously or Call1-855-202-273838Used 2013 Nissan Titan PRO-4XSave|Compare$31,000View loan/lease payment23,951 miles Black***2013 NISSAN TITAN PRO-4X! LEATHER INTERIOR WITH HEATED SEATS, SUNROOF / MOONROOF, NAVIGATION, AND SUPER CLEAN INSIDE AND OUT!***  Titan P...Goode Motor FordText Anonymously or Call1-888-392-3310Stock Photo 1Used 2013 Nissan Armada PlatinumSave|Compare$30,99749,299 miles Black4WD. Jet Black! Tows with ease. Your quest for a gently used SUV is over. This great-looking 2013 Nissan Armada has only had one previous ow...Nissan Kia of Middletown1-866-407-721012345678910111213Price Range of Results: Highest: $115,000  |  Lowest: $3,500  |  Average: $14,568AdvertisementFind 2013 Nissan Cars for Sale by Model2013 Nissan 240SX For Sale2013 Nissan 300ZX For Sale2013 Nissan 350Z For Sale2013 Nissan 370Z For Sale2013 Nissan Altima For Sale2013 Nissan Armada For Sale2013 Nissan Cube For Sale2013 Nissan Frontier For Sale2013 Nissan GT-R For Sale2013 Nissan Juke For Sale2013 Nissan Leaf For Sale2013 Nissan Maxima For Sale2013 Nissan Murano For Sale2013 Nissan Murano CrossCabriolet For Sale2013 Nissan NV For Sale2013 Nissan NV200 For Sale2013 Nissan Pathfinder For Sale2013 Nissan Pickup For Sale2013 Nissan Quest For Sale2013 Nissan Rogue For Sale2013 Nissan Rogue Sport For Sale2013 Nissan Sentra For Sale2013 Nissan Stanza For Sale2013 Nissan Titan For SaleView All ModelsFind 2013 Nissan  Cars for Sale by CityAlbuquerqueAnchorageAtlantaAustinBaltimoreBillingsBirminghamBoise CityBostonBridgeportBuffaloBurlingtonCharlestonCharlotteCheyenneChicagoClevelandColumbiaColumbusDallasDenverDes MoinesDetroitFargoGrand RapidsHonoluluHoustonIndianapolisJacksonJacksonvilleKansas CityLas VegasLewistonLittle RockLos AngelesLouisvilleManchesterMemphisMiamiMilwaukeeMinneapolisNashvilleNew OrleansNew YorkNewarkOklahoma CityOmahaPhiladelphiaPhoenixPittsburghPortlandProvidenceRaleighSacramentoSalt Lake CitySan AntonioSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleSioux FallsSt.LouisTampaTulsaVirginia BeachWashington D.C.WichitaWilmington
Certified Car Research - Research Certified and Pre-Owned Cars at Autotrader









































My Autotrader :



Sign in






|

Sign up




























Certified Pre-Owned Car Research
Compare certified car programs, learn about pre-owned vehicles and see why millions of people choose certified to get more car for less.




Find Vehicles  
                        Nationwide.
Change location


 Any Make Acura Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Nissan Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saturn Scion Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo

 Any Model B-Class Electric Drive C-Class (6)  - C 250  - C 300  - C 350  - C 400  - C 43 AMG  - C 63 AMG CL-Class (4)  - CL 550  - CL 600  - CL 63 AMG  - CL 65 AMG CLA-Class (2)  - CLA 250  - CLA 45 AMG CLK-Class (2)  - CLK 350  - CLK 550 CLS-Class (2)  - CLS 550  - CLS 63 AMG E-Class (6)  - E 250  - E 300  - E 350  - E 400  - E 550  - E 63 AMG G-Class (3)  - G 55 AMG  - G 550  - G 63 AMG GL-Class (5)  - GL 320  - GL 350  - GL 450  - GL 550  - GL 63 AMG GLA-Class (2)  - GLA 250  - GLA 45 AMG GLK-Class (2)  - GLK 250  - GLK 350 M-Class (5)  - ML 350  - ML 400  - ML 450  - ML 550  - ML 63 AMG R-Class (2)  - R 320  - R 350 S-Class (6)  - S 350  - S 400  - S 550  - S 600  - S 63 AMG  - S 65 AMG SL-Class (5)  - SL 400  - SL 550  - SL 600  - SL 63 AMG  - SL 65 AMG SLK-Class (4)  - SLK 250  - SLK 300  - SLK 350  - SLK 55 AMG SLR SLS AMG Sprinter

Find Now

  New  Used  Certified

Cancel
Search






Search ArticlesFind Inventory










Cancel






CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED CAR BUYING TIPS
Read our Certified Pre-Owned Car Reviews


COMPARE CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED CAR PROGRAMS

























See allmakesSee topmakes





















































































































RESEARCH BY STYLE
                
            


AWD/4WD



Commercial



Convertible



Coupe



Hatchback



Hybrid/Electric



Luxury



Sedan



SUV/Crossover



Truck



Van/Minivan



Wagon














Used Car Review
        
2012 Toyota Sienna: Used Car Review
        

The 2012 Toyota Sienna can tote 8 passengers or 150 cu ft. of cargo with second-row seats removed and comes with 
                     ... 








Car News
        
10 Simple Summer Car Care Tips
        
Every season has its car care challenges. Autotrader.com has compiled 10 simple tips for smart summer motoring.





RELATED INVENTORY







Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Certified 2017 Toyota Camry 
 $18,888
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Certified 2014 Toyota Prius 
 $18,500
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Certified 2014 BMW 3 Series 
 $27,988
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Certified 2017 Toyota Corolla 
 $16,500
                        














SEE ALL CERTIFIED CARS FOR SALE
                    







Car Buying
        
Buying a Car: Why You Shouldn't Focus On the Monthly Payment
        
You've always heard you shouldn't focus on the monthly payment -- but why not? We have the answer.








Car Video
        
2018 Honda Odyssey vs. 2017 Chrysler Pacifica: Which Is Better? - Video
        

The new Odyssey and Pacifica are at the top of their game and quite similar in a lot of ways, but here's how they 
                     ... 








Used Car Review
        
2015 Ford Mustang: Used Car Review
        

The 2015 Ford Mustang blends contemporary design with pony-car heritage, 4-cylinder EcoBoost power and an independent 
                     ... 








Car Review
        
2015 Toyota Tacoma: Used Car Review
        

With a lineup slimmed down to its popular Access Cab and Double Cab, the 2015 Toyota Tacoma remains America's 
                     ... 








Car News
        
Getting Away This Summer? Check Out the Best (and Worst) Cities for Driving
        
Summer's in full swing! Find the best and worst cities for driving, and plan your trip accordingly.








Car Buying
        
Certified Pre-Owned vs. Off-Lease Cars: Where Is the Value?
        
The benefits of Certified Pre-Owned vs. Off-Lease depend on what's important to you.








Used Car Review
        
2015 Ford Fiesta: Used Car Review
        

The 2015 Ford Fiesta blends excellent fuel economy, great handling and stylish looks in a Euro-inspired fun-to-drive 
                     ... 







Latest Video Reviews
                
Latest Video Reviews
                





VIDEO REVIEW
                                
Here's Why the Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG Is Still Worth $180,000
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
BMW CPO Program: Video Overview
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
Please Watch this Video About Using the Passing Lane
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
What Should I Do If My Car's Been Recalled? - Video
                                















































VIDEO REVIEW
                        
2018 Honda Odyssey vs. 2017 Chrysler Pacifica: Which Is Better? - Video
                        


VIDEO REVIEW
                        
2018 Honda Odyssey vs. 2017 Chrysler Pacifica: Which Is Better? - Video
                        








See more car reviews and news



RESEARCH MODEL SPECIFICATIONS
    




Acura

Alfa Romeo

Aston Martin

Audi

Bentley

BMW

Bugatti

Buick

Cadillac

Chevrolet

Chrysler

Daewoo

Dodge





Eagle

Ferrari

FIAT

Fisker

Ford

Freightliner

Genesis

Geo

GMC

Honda

HUMMER

Hyundai





INFINITI

Isuzu

Jaguar

Jeep

Kia

Lamborghini

Land Rover

Lexus

Lincoln

Lotus

Maserati

Maybach





Mazda

McLaren

Mercedes-Benz

Mercury

MINI

Mitsubishi

Nissan

Oldsmobile

Plymouth

Pontiac

Porsche

RAM





Rolls-Royce

Saab

Saturn

Scion

smart

SRT

Subaru

Suzuki

Tesla

Toyota

Volkswagen

Volvo























ZIP Code







ChangeCancel





This image is a stock photo and is not an exact representation of any vehicle offered for sale. Advertised vehicles of this model may have styling, trim levels, colors and optional equipment that differ from the stock photo.
        

Certified Car Research - Research Certified and Pre-Owned Cars at Autotrader






















Cars for Sale Nationwide - Autotrader

Sign in | Sign up | Sign in with Facebook0 Saved VehiclesAdvertisementCars for Sale Nationwide Enter Location 1,914,868 matchesModify ResultsRadius 10 Miles25 Miles50 Miles75 Miles100 Miles200 Miles300 Miles500 MilesAny DistanceMinimum Year 19811982198319841985198619871988198919901991199219931994199519961997199819992000200120022003200420052006200720082009201020112012201320142015201620172018Maximum Year 19811982198319841985198619871988198919901991199219931994199519961997199819992000200120022003200420052006200720082009201020112012201320142015201620172018Minimum Price Any Price$1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$22,000$24,000$26,000$28,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000Maximum Price Any Price$1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$22,000$24,000$26,000$28,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000Mileage Any MileageUnder 15,000Under 30,000Under 45,000Under 60,000Under 75,000Under 100,000Under 150,000Under 200,000Over 200,000StyleAWD / 4WDCommercialCoupeHatchbackLuxurySedanSUV / CrossoverTruckSee allMakeBMWChevroletDodgeFordGMCHondaHyundaiJeepNissanToyotaSee allConditionNewUsedCertifiedExterior ColorBlackBlueBrownBurgundyGoldGrayGreenRedSilverWhiteSee allEngine3 Cylinder4 Cylinder5 Cylinder6 Cylinder8 Cylinder10 Cylinder12 CylinderElectricHybridRotary EngineTransmissionAutomaticManualFeatures3rd Row SeatsBackup CameraCD PlayerCruise ControlDVD PlayerHeated SeatsLeather SeatsLift KitNavigationSunroofSee allSeller TypeDealers OnlyInstant Cash Offer Participating DealersPrivate Sellers OnlyDrive TypeAWD/4WDFront Wheel DriveRear Wheel DriveFuel TypeAlternativeDieselElectricGasolineHybridFuel Economy40+ MPG31 - 40 MPG21 - 30 MPG10 - 20 MPGInterior ColorBeigeBlackBlueBrownGrayOff WhiteRedSilverTanWhiteSee allTruck Cab SizeCrew CabExtended CabRegular CabDoorsTwo DoorThree DoorFour DoorFive DoorListing FeaturesPhotosPriceVideoAdvertisementAdvertisementSort by Price - LowestPrice - HighestMake/Model - A to ZMake/Model - Z to AMileage - LowestMileage - HighestYear - OldestYear - Newest Per page 10255075100Page 1 of 40Sponsored ResultsAdvertisementPremium ListingsStock Photo 1New 2017 RAM 2500 LaramieSave|Compare$5,589,450MSRP $61,305$3250 Cash BackNewly Listed SilverPrice includes: $1,750 - 2017 Bonus Cash WECHA. Exp. 07/31/2017, $1,500 - 2017 WE Retail Consumer Cash 70CH1. Exp. 07...Ken Garff West Valley Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAMText Anonymously or Call1-844-283-5697531Used 2003 Ferrari Enzo Save|Compare$3,200,0002,749 miles RedAs one of the top-selling pre-owned Ferrari dealers in the nation, Boardwalk Ferrari takes tremendous pride in offering only the best late-m...Boardwalk Ferrari Maserati1-877-675-732430New 2018 Chevrolet Equinox AWD LTSave|Compare$3,029,940MSRP $31,735Newly Listed RedBetten Baker Chevrolet Buick in Coopersville, MI has been serving the greater Grand Rapids area with a reputation for...Betten Baker Chevrolet Buick1-888-869-84491New 2017 Honda CR-V AWD EXSave|CompareMSRP $2,903,500 BlackOver the past three years, Honda has invested more than $2.7 billion to expand its U.S. and North American auto produ...Apple Honda - NYText Anonymously or Call1-855-717-183720Used 2014 McLaren P1 Save|Compare$2,499,000981 miles GrayMcLaren Philadelphia is ecstatic to offer you this Rare, One of Only 375 Produced, 2014 McLaren P1 Coupe with 981 miles. Our team strives to...McLaren PhiladelphiaText Anonymously or Call1-855-498-5709Advertisement52Used 2014 McLaren P1 Save|Compare$2,097,7707,663 miles OrangeWe are proud to have the opportunity to offer a flagship car to the public. This is the quintessential super car for any collector. Please c...McLaren HoustonText Anonymously or Call1-844-243-683338Used 2011 Ferrari 599 SA Aperta Save|Compare$1,599,000279 miles Orange2011 Ferrari 599 SA Aperta Ferrari-Maserati of Fort Lauderdale is thrilled to present this stunning 2011 Ferrari 599 SA Aperta. Finished in ...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryFerrari-Maserati of Fort Lauderdale1-844-243-69499Used 1994 Porsche 911 Turbo SSave|Compare$1,590,00012,342 miles RedThe Holy Grail of all Porsche's.  The 1994 Porsche 911 Turbo &quot;S&quot; X88 Package car Flachbau without the Flatnose built for the U.S. ...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryPrivate SellerEmail SellerGet this seller's phone number30Used 2015 Porsche 918 Spyder Save|Compare$1,399,91810,037 milesPorsche of North Houston proudly offers this beautiful 2015 Porsche 918 Spyder w/ Weissach Package 31 / 918 in Liquid Silver Chrome Blue ove...Porsche North Houston1-844-339-0768411Used 2010 Lotus Elise Save|Compare$1,250,000745 miles WhiteYou are viewing a 2014 Hennessey Venom GT that holds the world record as the worlds fastest production automobile. This vehicle starts life ...Choice Auto Sales1-866-257-2766Advertisement39Used 2008 Bugatti Veyron Save|Compare$1,100,00011,033 milesYou can trust CNC Motors, we've been in the business for over 20 years. We work hard to offer our customers the best selection in Pre-owned ...CNC Motors Inc. Located in Ontario, CaliforniaText Anonymously or Call1-866-720-667914Used 2015 BMW i8 Save|Compare$999,9981,100 miles GrayGet your hands on this like new, fully loaded i8 in showroom condition without any wait!  Only 323 miles.  Exterior color is Sophisto Grey (...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryPrivate SellerEmail SellerGet this seller's phone number40Used 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$899,999943 miles BlackLow Mile CGT in Basalt Black  1 Owner car from 2005-2015  Carfax shows 8 routine services completed at Porsche during that period.  Recent s...CNC Motors Inc. Located in Ontario, CaliforniaText Anonymously or Call1-866-720-667910New 2017 Cadillac Escalade 4WD Premium LuxurySave|Compare$899,770MSRP $901,770$2000 Cash Back WhiteCadillac of Novi is America's #1 Cadillac dealer in the country! Choose from over 700 vehicles! Come see why our cust...Cadillac of NoviText Anonymously or Call1-888-532-2374462Used 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$799,4955,362 miles Black**Clean Carfax, 2 Owners** Rare Basalt Black Metallic over Dark Grey Leather Interior. 5.7L V10, 605 HP, Carbon Fiber Interior Options (see ...Dream Makers Automotive1-888-969-5043Advertisement41Used 2004 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$789,7776,011 miles Yellow*Showing by Appointment Only*. Very Rare, Only 91 Made in Fayence Yellow. Fully Documented Service History, Complete with COA. Fayence Yello...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryEmpire Exotic MotorsText Anonymously or Call1-800-960-619528Used 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$750,0002,519 miles SilverThis one's a knockout. It's like a party on wheels. You won't find a better car than this outstanding-looking and fun 2005 Porsche Carrera G...Audi Porsche Fresno1-844-704-327940Used 2007 Mercedes-Benz SLR Save|Compare$747,5001,038 miles GrayWelcome to Crave Luxury Auto, one of the nation's premier marketers of high-line and luxury automobile dealers. The winner of this auction w...Crave Luxury Auto1-844-303-498740Used 2015 Ferrari 458 Italia Speciale A SpiderSave|Compare$729,9003,206 milesThe 458 speciale a (a as in aperta) new limited edition special series is a celebration of the dazzling success of the various versions of t...Fusion Luxury Motors1-855-446-089037Used 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$729,0005,450 milesThis beautiful Carrera GT is # 592 of 1270 ever made!!! Only 644 in the United States and only 103 in black. Extremely rare and collectable ...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryFusion Luxury Motors1-855-446-0890Advertisement8Used 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Save|Compare$728,8886,427 milesSuper Clean CGT  CGT #536  CNC Motors Inc. Located in Ontario, CaliforniaText Anonymously or Call1-866-720-6679213New 2017 Porsche Cayenne Platinum EditionSave|CompareMSRP $728,801 WhiteKEY FEATURES AND OPTIONS Comes equipped with: 14-Way Power Seats with Memory Package, Black, Partial Leather Seat Tri...Porsche of Stevens Creek1-877-711-9692Preferred Purchase - Choose Your Process51Used 2015 Ferrari 458 Italia Speciale A SpiderSave|Compare$725,00058 miles2015 Ferrari 458 Speciale Aperta with tons of extras including: Horse Stitched on Headrest, Carbon Fiber Air Vents, Carbon Fiber Wheels, Car...Ron Tonkin Gran Turismo1-855-512-639634Certified 2015 Ferrari 458 Italia Speciale A SpiderSave|Compare$699,9001,861 miles Red2015 Ferrari 458 Speciale A - FERRARI APPROVED - CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED - Ferrari-Maserati of Fort Lauderdale is thrilled to present this incre...Get AutoCheck Vehicle HistoryFerrari-Maserati of Fort Lauderdale1-844-243-694939Certified 2015 Ferrari 458 Italia Speciale A SpiderSave|Compare$699,000342 miles WhiteThis is our 2015 Ferrari 458 Speciale Aperta The 458 Speciale's mid-rear mounted 4497 cc GDI engine is the most powerful naturally aspirated...Ferrari Maserati of New England1-844-833-704712345678910111213Price Range of Results: Highest: $5,589,450  |  Lowest: $5  |  Average: $30,595AdvertisementFind Cars for Sale by MakeAcura For SaleAlfa Romeo For SaleAMC For SaleAston Martin For SaleAudi For SaleBentley For SaleBMW For SaleBugatti For SaleBuick For SaleCadillac For SaleChevrolet For SaleChrysler For SaleDaewoo For SaleDatsun For SaleDeLorean For SaleDodge For SaleEagle For SaleFerrari For SaleFIAT For SaleFisker For SaleFord For SaleFreightliner For SaleGenesis For SaleGeo For SaleGMC For SaleHonda For SaleHUMMER For SaleHyundai For SaleINFINITI For SaleIsuzu For SaleJaguar For SaleJeep For SaleKia For SaleLamborghini For SaleLand Rover For SaleLexus For SaleLincoln For SaleLotus For SaleMaserati For SaleMaybach For SaleMazda For SaleMcLaren For SaleMercedes-Benz For SaleMercury For SaleMINI For SaleMitsubishi For SaleNissan For SaleOldsmobile For SalePlymouth For SalePontiac For SalePorsche For SaleRAM For SaleRolls-Royce For SaleSaab For SaleSaturn For SaleScion For Salesmart For SaleSRT For SaleSubaru For SaleSuzuki For SaleTesla For SaleToyota For SaleVolkswagen For SaleVolvo For SaleYugo For SaleFind   Cars for Sale by CityAlbuquerqueAnchorageAtlantaAustinBaltimoreBillingsBirminghamBoise CityBostonBridgeportBuffaloBurlingtonCharlestonCharlotteCheyenneChicagoClevelandColumbiaColumbusDallasDenverDes MoinesDetroitFargoGrand RapidsHonoluluHoustonIndianapolisJacksonJacksonvilleKansas CityLas VegasLewistonLittle RockLos AngelesLouisvilleManchesterMemphisMiamiMilwaukeeMinneapolisNashvilleNew OrleansNew YorkNewarkOklahoma CityOmahaPhiladelphiaPhoenixPittsburghPortlandProvidenceRaleighSacramentoSalt Lake CitySan AntonioSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleSioux FallsSt.LouisTampaTulsaVirginia BeachWashington D.C.WichitaWilmington
Car Research - Research Cars, Trucks, and Vehicles - Autotrader









































My Autotrader :



Sign in






|

Sign up




























Car Research
Save on new cars, certified cars and used cars with car shopping tools that fit your budget and lifestyle.




Find Vehicles  
                        Nationwide.
Change location


 Any Make Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Datsun DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Freightliner Genesis Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Yugo

 Any Model Aerostar Aspire Bronco Bronco II C-MAX Contour Courier Crown Victoria E-100 E-150 and Econoline 150 E-250 and Econoline 250 E-350 and Econoline 350 Edge Escape Escort Excursion EXP Expedition Expedition EL Explorer Explorer Sport Trac F100 F150 F250 F350 F450 Fairmont Festiva Fiesta Five Hundred Flex Focus Freestar Freestyle Fusion Granada GT LTD Mustang Probe Ranger Taurus Taurus X Tempo Thunderbird Transit 150 Transit 250 Transit 350 Transit Connect Windstar ZX2 Escort Other Ford Models

Find Now

  New  Used  Certified

Cancel
Search






Search ArticlesFind Inventory











New Cars
Enjoy the latest features, full warranty and custom options.

Learn More





Certified Cars
Get extended warranty and peace of mind for less money.

Learn More





Used Cars
Save with huge selection, low cost, and less depreciation.

Learn More








Cancel






RESEARCH BY MAKE

























See allmakesSee topmakes









































































































































































































RESEARCH BY STYLE
                
            


AWD/4WD



Commercial



Convertible



Coupe



Hatchback



Hybrid/Electric



Luxury



Sedan



SUV/Crossover



Truck



Van/Minivan



Wagon














Car Video
        
2007-2014 GMC Yukon, Tahoe, Suburban and Escalade Buyer's Guide
        
A complete idiot's guide to the popular General Motors full-size SUV platform.








New Car Review
        
2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon: First Drive Review
        
If the Hellcat wasn't enough for you, come over the top to the 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon.





RELATED INVENTORY







Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Used 2016 Toyota Camry 
 $19,580
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Used 2014 Toyota Corolla 
 $11,988
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Used 2014 Honda Civic 
 $14,980
                        














Saving this vehicle to yourMy Autotrader account







CANCEL

SAVE






Are you sure you want to delete?




CANCEL

DELETE














Used 2010 Honda Accord 
 $10,259
                        














SEE ALL  CARS FOR SALE
                    







Used Car Review
        
2012 Toyota Sienna: Used Car Review
        

The 2012 Toyota Sienna can tote 8 passengers or 150 cu ft. of cargo with second-row seats removed and comes with 
                     ... 








Car News
        
10 Simple Summer Car Care Tips
        
Every season has its car care challenges. Autotrader.com has compiled 10 simple tips for smart summer motoring.








Car News
        
These Are the Five Best State Welcome Signs
        
Every state's welcome sign is different. Some are great -- some are awful. These are the five best.








Car Buying
        
Buying a Car: Why You Shouldn't Focus On the Monthly Payment
        
You've always heard you shouldn't focus on the monthly payment -- but why not? We have the answer.








Car Buying
        
Autotrader's 20th Anniversary: Chevrolet Tahoe
        

On Autotrader's 20th Anniversary, we look at the top 10 most-searched cars then and now. At number nine, the Chevrolet 
                     ... 








Car Video
        
2018 Honda Odyssey vs. 2017 Chrysler Pacifica: Which Is Better? - Video
        

The new Odyssey and Pacifica are at the top of their game and quite similar in a lot of ways, but here's how they 
                     ... 








Car Video
        
The Ferrari GTC4Lusso Is a $350,000 Hot Hatchback
        
I recently drove the new 2017 Ferrari GTC4Lusso, which might just be the most expensive hatchback ever made.







Latest Video Reviews
                
Latest Video Reviews
                





VIDEO REVIEW
                                
2018 Honda Odyssey vs. 2017 Chrysler Pacifica: Which Is Better? - Video
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
The Ferrari GTC4Lusso Is a $350,000 Hot Hatchback
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
Volvo Integrated Booster Seats: A Great Feature for Families
                                


























VIDEO REVIEW
                                
2018 Honda Odyssey: Real World Review - Video
                                















































VIDEO REVIEW
                        
2007-2014 GMC Yukon, Tahoe, Suburban and Escalade Buyer's Guide
                        


VIDEO REVIEW
                        
2007-2014 GMC Yukon, Tahoe, Suburban and Escalade Buyer's Guide
                        








See more car reviews and news



RESEARCH MODEL SPECIFICATIONS
    




Acura

Alfa Romeo

Aston Martin

Audi

Bentley

BMW

Bugatti

Buick

Cadillac

Chevrolet

Chrysler

Daewoo

Dodge





Eagle

Ferrari

FIAT

Fisker

Ford

Freightliner

Genesis

Geo

GMC

Honda

HUMMER

Hyundai





INFINITI

Isuzu

Jaguar

Jeep

Kia

Lamborghini

Land Rover

Lexus

Lincoln

Lotus

Maserati

Maybach





Mazda

McLaren

Mercedes-Benz

Mercury

MINI

Mitsubishi

Nissan

Oldsmobile

Plymouth

Pontiac

Porsche

RAM





Rolls-Royce

Saab

Saturn

Scion

smart

SRT

Subaru

Suzuki

Tesla

Toyota

Volkswagen

Volvo























ZIP Code







ChangeCancel





This image is a stock photo and is not an exact representation of any vehicle offered for sale. Advertised vehicles of this model may have styling, trim levels, colors and optional equipment that differ from the stock photo.
        

Car Research - Research Cars, Trucks, and Vehicles - Autotrader




































NISSAN CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED VEHICLES


































Find out more 



Current Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY Find Out More 








certified benefits
FIND OUT MORE





LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
FIND OUT MORE





INSPECTION
FIND OUT MORE





CARFAX REPORT
FIND OUT MORE




About Certified




certified benefits
EMERGENCY ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE • TOWING • CAR RENTAL REIMBURSEMENT • TRIP INTERRUPTION COVERAGE • OWNERSHIP TRANSFERABILITY
FIND OUT MORE 



LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
7 YEARS/100,000 MILES
EXPLORE OUR COVERAGE 



INSPECTION
IF YOUR DOCTOR GAVE A CHECKUP THIS THOROUGH, WE MIGHT PUT A WARRANTY ON YOU, TOO
EXPLORE MORE 



CARFAX REPORT
3-YEAR BUYBACK GUARANTEE: BUY WITH CONFIDENCE
DISCOVER MORE 



ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE
COVERING YOU ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.
FIND OUT MORE 



EXTENDED PROTECTION
COVERING MORE THAN 1,300 COMPONENTS
EXPLORE MORE 






Search Inventory








Quick search
ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Model All Models

View 0 Results
Advanced search

 












Model year  





Price  





Mileage  




Body Style

Any style



Model

Any model



Ext. Color

Any



Transmission

Any





Engine

Any



Drivetrain

Any



Fuel

Any



ZIP
Please enter a valid Zip Code

Radius
ZIP only
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles
50 miles
75 miles
100 miles
125 miles
150 miles
200 miles
300 miles
500 miles
all





 Sunroof or Moonroof
 DVD / Entertainment System
 Leather
 Intelligent Key
 Heated Seats
 Side Air Bags
 Navigation



View 0 Results
Load saved search
Clear all
Save Search


 





Locate Certified Dealer
ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Search
 






Offers & Tools




Special Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY
FIND OUT MORE 



SIRIUS XM
DRIVE AWAY LISTENING. YOUR 3-MONTH TRIAL IS ON.
FIND OUT MORE 



VALUE YOUR TRADE
TAKE THE GUESSWORK OUT OF TRADING YOUR CAR START NOW 



Estimate Credit Score
It's free, easy and takes less than 3 minutes. START NOW 



Get Pre-Approved
Pre-approval made easy online START NOW 



PAYMENTESTIMATOR
PAYMENT ESTIMATOR START NOW 






Brochures & FAQs




WANT TO KNOW MORE?
DOWNLOAD OUR CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED BROCHURE DOWNLOAD NOW 



Frequently Asked Questions
QUICKLY FIND INFORMATION ABOUT CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED BROWSE NOW





 


▲ Back to top
















FIND A PARTICIPATING LOCAL DEALER


























FIND A PARTICIPATING LOCAL DEALER


ZIP Please enter a valid Zip Code
Show Location


			Please enter a Zip Code.		


▲ Back to top
















About Certified Nissan




























ABOUT CERTIFIED

BUY SMART, OWN CONFIDENCE


Only Nissans that meet our high standards qualify for Certified Pre-Owned status. They must be less than six years old from the original in-service date, with less than 80,000 miles on the odometer. Plus, they must have a clean, non-branded title and, most important, pass a comprehensive 167 points Certified Pre-Owned inspection.
Benefits of buying a Certified Pre-Owned Nissan include:

7-year/100,000-mile limited warranty [*]
24-hour Emergency Roadside Assistance [*]
Car Rental Reimbursement and Towing Benefit [*]
Genuine Nissan parts
CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™
SiriusXM Satellite Radio with 3-month trial subscription [*]
Optional Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan [*]

See your participating Nissan dealer to find the Certified Pre Owned vehicle that's right for you.


 
 









certified benefits
EMERGENCY ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE • TOWING • CAR RENTAL REIMBURSEMENT • TRIP INTERRUPTION COVERAGE • OWNERSHIP TRANSFERABILITY


Certified Benefits
NISSAN HAS GOT YOU COVERED ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.Emergency Roadside Assistance: 24/7 Emergency Roadside Assistance provides flat tire change out with your good spare, dead battery jump, or lock-out assistance for the duration of the 7 year/100,000 mile limited warranty. Towing: Up to $100 towing assistance. If necessary, we'll even tow your car to the nearest Nissan dealer within 250 miles. [*] Car Rental Reimbursement: Up to 5 days car rental reimbursement at a maximum of $35/day for mechanical breakdown of covered components. Trip Interruption Coverage: If a mechanical breakdown of a covered part takes place when you are more than 100 miles from home, you'll be covered for up to $500 for meals, lodging and alternate transportation. Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty – Ownership Transferability: The Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty is transferable from the retail customer to one subsequent private owner (private party to private party) for the duration of the warranty period. Click here to download a copy of the form.		




LIMITED WARRANTY COVERAGE
7 YEARS/100,000 MILES


Warranty Coverage
			This Limited Warranty covers any repairs needed due to MECHANICAL BREAKDOWN [*] (at no charge to you for parts, labor, or tax on the parts or labor) for the powertrain components listed in the following categories: Extensive Protection: The Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty covers 600+ components, including: engine, transmission and drive train. Coverage: 7 years from the original in-service date of the vehicle or 100,000 total miles on the odometer, whichever occurs first.  [*] Authorized Nissan Repair Facilities: Find repair service nationwide through any authorized Nissan dealership. Contact your local Nissan dealer or call 1-800-NISSAN-3 for details. Deductible: $50 per visit. Genuine Nissan Parts: Coverage ensures that any necessary replacement parts will be made using Genuine Nissan new or remanufactured parts, or Nissan-approved parts. Please read the limited warranty booklet for complete conditions and exclusions.		




INSPECTION
IF YOUR DOCTOR GAVE A CHECKUP THIS THOROUGH, WE MIGHT PUT A WARRANTY ON YOU, TOO


Inspection
			If you’ve ever shopped for a Pre-Owned vehicle, you might give it a thorough going over. Or take it to a trusted mechanic. But you might still wonder, did you miss anything? With a Nissan Certified Pre-Owned vehicle, you don’t have to wonder. Your Nissan Dealer takes the vehicle to the best mechanic they know, a Nissan-trained mechanic. Using state-of-the-art equipment and a discerning eye, each Pre-Owned Nissan gets an obsessively detailed inspection prior to earning Certified status. The result: A vehicle you can depend on for years to come. View our Nissan Certified Pre-Owned inspection checklist 




CARFAX REPORT
3-YEAR BUYBACK GUARANTEE: BUY WITH CONFIDENCE


CARFAX
			Every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle comes with a free CARFAX Vehicle History Report™ and 3-Year Carfax Buy Back Guarantee.        Buy With Confidence: Every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle comes with a free CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™ and a 3-Year CARFAX® Buy Back Guarantee. You can view the CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™ of every Nissan Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle in inventory at no charge to you. Based on information from more than 86,000 data sources, CARFAX® instantly generates a Vehicle History Report™ that may include, but is not limited to, the following:                        

Title information, including salvaged or junked titles                        
Flood damage history                        
Total loss accident history                        
Odometer readings                        
Lemon history                        
Number of owners                       
Accident indicators, such as airbag deployments                        
State emissions inspection results                        
Service records                        
Vehicle use (taxi, rental, lease, etc.)        

CARFAX® also provides the 3-Year CARFAX® Buyback Guarantee that reduces the risk involved in buying a Pre-Owned Vehicle. For more information about the coverage, please visit www.carfax.com.		




ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE
COVERING YOU ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.


Roadside Assistance
			With this Certiﬁed Pre-Owned Vehicle Limited Warranty, Nissan is providing you with an Emergency Roadside Assistance Package for a period of 7 years from the original inservice date of your Certiﬁed Pre-Owned vehicle or 100,000 miles on the odometer, whichever occurs earlier. [*]Call (800) 225-2476 for 24-hour emergency roadside assistance For the duration of your Limited Warranty, a qualiﬁed representative will assess your needs and dispatch assistance, with no out-of-pocket expense up to $100 for: 

Battery boost (jump-start)
Flat tire change (using your good spare)
Out-of-gas delivery ($5 maximum fuel)
Lock-out assistance 

TOWING ASSISTANCE: If your vehicle is disabled due to a MECHANICAL BREAKDOWN, the Roadside Assistance Representative will arrange for your vehicle to be towed to the nearest Nissan dealership whenever possible, or to the nearest authorized repair facility. This coverage provides for towing cost not to exceed $100 per claim. ADDITIONAL BENEFITS: Car Rental Assistance – Receive reimbursement for car rental expenses up to $35/day, to a $175/5 day maximum, when you need to rent a car while your Nissan is being repaired due to a failed covered component. Trip Interruption – Reimburses you for meals, lodging and alternative transportation up to $500 if your vehicle is disabled due to a mechanical breakdown caused by a covered component and you are more than 100 miles from home.		




EXTENDED PROTECTION
COVERING MORE THAN 1,300 COMPONENTS


Extended Protection
			Nissan's Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan covers more than 1,300 components. Combine this with the 600+ components already covered by the Certified Limited Warranty and you benefit from over 1,900 covered components. Additional Components: The following component coverage is exclusive to the Security+Plus® Extended Protection Plan: electrical, audio/video/navigation, suspension, steering, climate control system, and brakes. Terms: You have two available options to extend your coverage based on the following terms: 

7 years/100,000 miles, or
8 years/120,00 miles 

Deductible: $0 deductible for any covered repair Talk to your Nissan dealer about Security+Plus® Certified Pre-Owned Extended Protection Plan. [*] 
 


▲ Back to top
















Search Inventory
























Nissan certified Pre-Owned vehicles








Model year  





Price  





Mileage  




Body Style

Any style

															SUV/Crossover
													

															Compact													

															Convertible													

															Coupe													

															Sedan													

															Truck													

															Van/Minivan													

															Wagon													



Model

Any model
370Z
Altima
Armada
Cube
Frontier
Juke
LEAF
Maxima
Murano
Murano CrossCabriolet
Pathfinder
Quest
Rogue
Sentra
Titan
Versa
Versa Note
Xterra



Ext. Color

Any
Not specified
Beige
Blue
Brown
Yellow
Gold
Gray
Green
Orange
Red
Black
Silver
Purple
White



Transmission

Any
Automatic
Manual
Not specified





Engine

Any
4 Cylinder
6 Cylinder
8 Cylinder



Drivetrain

Any
Front Wheel Drive
Rear Wheel Drive
AWD/4WD



Fuel

Any
Petrol
Diesel
Electric
Hybrid
Flexible-fuel



ZIP
Please enter a valid Zip Code

Radius
ZIP only
10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
40 miles
50 miles
75 miles
100 miles
125 miles
150 miles
200 miles
300 miles
500 miles
all





 Sunroof or Moonroof
 DVD / Entertainment System
 Leather
 Intelligent Key
 Heated Seats
 Side Air Bags
 Navigation



View 18,066 Results
Load saved search
Clear all
Save Search





Sort by

Distance from Zip
Price (High to Low)
Price (Low to High)
Mileage (High to Low)
Mileage (Low to High)






▲ Back to top
















Nissan Certified Offers






























CURRENT OFFERS

SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY







Special Offers
SIGNIFICANT SAVINGS ARE A CLICK AWAY


Current Offers

 

BUY SMART OWN CONFIDENCEWith these limited time offers:
 Special 1.95% APR financing for up to 36 months on any 2012-2017 Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Vehicle [*]

3.95% APR for 72 months on any 2012-2017 Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Vehicle [**]

 
or
$500 Captive Cash on select Certified Pre-Owned Nissan Models [#]

$750 Captive Cash on Certified Pre-Owned LEAF [##]

 




SIRIUS XM
DRIVE AWAY LISTENING. YOUR 3-MONTH TRIAL IS ON.


SIRIUS XM
			As you leave the dealership ... you'll be able to hear over 140 channels of everything you want to hear. Your included 3-Month Trial is the perfect way to discover and enjoy the world of satellite radio, wherever you drive. (Go ahead and take the back roads - you'll hear us from coast to coast.) So take the wheel and turn us on ... we're ready to go when you are. Download our brochure or channel lineup 


VALUE YOUR TRADE
TAKE THE GUESSWORK OUT OF TRADING YOUR CAR START NOW 



Estimate Credit Score
It's free, easy and takes less than 3 minutes. START NOW 



Get Pre-Approved
Pre-approval made easy online START NOW 



PAYMENTESTIMATOR
PAYMENT ESTIMATOR START NOW 

 


▲ Back to top































	Nissan Touch Up Paint | AutomotiveTouchup






































1-888-710-5192
|
Contact
|
Order Status
























AUTOMOTIVETOUCHUP HAS PERFECTLY MATCHED TOUCH UP
PAINT FOR YOUR NISSAN










HOME > 

                
    
TOUCH UP PAINT > NISSAN



Restore the original finish to your Nissan car, truck, or SUV with our full line
of automotive touch up paints and auto repair products.
Select Your Nissan's Year
If you're looking for auto spray paint that matches your Nissan vehicle perfectly, AutomotiveTouchup has your ideal color match. Whether you need a paint pen filled with Classic Silver Metallic for your 2011 Camry Hybrid or a larger brush-in bottle of Diamond White Pearl for your '96 Avalon, we have precisely the right Nissan touch up paint in exactly the right size for a flawless factory finish and a perfect manufacturer's match - even if you need an aerosol spray canister of Lipstick Red for your '86 Supra. Just make sure you don't forget the clear coat.


Step 1
Select Your Nissan's Year






2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010



2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002



2001

2000

1999

1998

1997

1996

1995

1994



1993

1992

1991

1990

1989

1988

1987

1986



1985

1984

1983

1982

1981

1980

1979

1978



1977

1976

1975

1974

1973

1972

1971

1970



1969





Locate your Nissan's Paint Code






THE EASIEST WAY TO RESTORE YOUR NISSAN

                                                    For the easiest, least expensive way to restore the finish on your Nissan car, truck, or SUV, look no further than AutomotiveTouchup. Our auto touch up paint pens, brush-in bottles, and aerosol canisters can deliver a hassle-free, factory finish for a lot less than you think. So if you have a scuffed up Deep Blue Metallic 2009 Altima, or if your Red Pearl 2013 Pathfinder is nicked and scratched up, we can provide everything you'll need to complete a professional-looking repair. From sandpaper and colored primers to perfectly matched Nissan touch up paints and clear coat, we have it all. We can even ship Ready To Spray pints, quarts, and gallons, and provide the air gun to spray it. No more pricey trips to the body shop, ever.
												
											

TOUCH UP PAINT AND PRODUCTS FOR ANY JOB
 
                                                    No matter the model Nissan car, truck, or SUV that you happen to own, AutomotiveTouchup has the perfect-matched touch up paint in the ideal size for your auto body repair. Whether your Liquid Platinum Metallic Murano needs its entire quarter panel re-sprayed, or you need a paint pen filled with Galaxy Black Metallic to clean up some minor scuffs on the door of your brand new Armada, we can provide you with the automotive paint and body repair products to do the job right.
There's simply no easier, or less expensive, way to have your Nissan back to looking its best than repairing those small, minor repairs with a brush-in bottle, aerosol canister, or paint pen of manufacturer's matched AutomotiveTouchup paint and clear coat. Of course for larger jobs, you'll need your vehicle's perfectly matched Nissan color in our Ready To Spray pints, quarts, and gallons. Rest assured, we can also provide the body repair products you need to restore your factory finish - from colored primers, sandpaper, masking tapes, and bumper repair kits to body fillers, glazing/spot putty, and even dust masks and a quality spray gun.
												
											






OUR PRO-GRADE TIP IS A MAJOR UPGRADE

                                                    Each perfectly matched Nissan aerosol paint product, clear coat, and primer features our industry-leading pro-grade tip. Unlike cheaper aerosol canisters used by other touch up paint suppliers, each AutomotiveTouchup aerosol product we sell delivers an optimal fan pattern and consistent delivery with every press. So if you're looking to restore your Nissan's factory finish, and the job is too large for our paint pens and brush-in bottles, but too small for our Ready To Spray pints, quarts, and gallons, our pro-grade aerosol canisters can provide the perfect application. You won't believe the quality job our aerosol canisters with the pro-grade tip can deliver. It's that good.
												
											

ONLINE VIDEO
 
                                                    OUR ONLINE VIDEO LIBRARY WALKS YOU STEP BY STEP THROUGH MOST COMMON AUTO PAINT REPAIRS.
												
											








MORE PRODUCTS ⇩
                    


FIND YOUR PERFECT COLOR MATCH
Enter your year, make, and model below to find color matched paint:


STEP 1: STEP 2: STEP
                            3:





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935


--Make--


--Model--


Please complete the 3 steps to continue.





START HERE

Find Your Car’s Color
How to Use Our Products
See How it Works on Video
Where to Find Your Paint Code

TYPES OF PAINT

1/2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
Paint Pens
Aerosol Spray Paint
Auto Paint (for Spray Guns)

ACCESSORIES

Touch Up Paint Accessories
Spray Paint Accessories
Body and Bumper Repair
General Abrasives
Safety

















































	Spray Paint  | AutomotiveTouchup







































1-888-710-5192
|
Contact
|
Order Status
























Spray Paint










HOME > 

                
		
             AEROSOL SPRAY PAINT




                        Welcome to our aerosol spray paint can section. Almost all cars 1980 and newer are basecoat / clear coat.  We mix the highest paint quality available for your order. Most modern vehicles and some older cars are available in only a basecoat formula which requires clearcoat.  If you would like to order touch up paint with a brush top and more accessories click here. Spray Paint Directions










12 oz Basecoat Color


Price: $19.95




Touch Up Spray Paint.
Learn More





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935




--Make--




--Model--




--Color--

Please select a color first, or use the search tool on the left to view color samples.










Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









12 oz Aerosol High Gloss Clear CoatPrice: $7.95

Spray Paint.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









12 oz Aerosol Sandable Acrylic Lacquer Primer

		
                        Price:
                $7.95





Learn More





Select a Color
Grey - $7.95
Black - $7.95
Red - $7.95
White - $7.95

You must select an option here first.
Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout










12 oz Aerosol Plastic Parts Adhesion PromoterPrice: $7.95

Not for lexan plastic.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Bondo easy finish bumper blackPrice: $10.52

restores trim, black bumpers, rear and side view mirrors, and moldings.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









SprayMax 2K Urethane Clearcoat (respirator mask mandatory)Price: $18.95

11.8 ounce 2K clearcoat has the durability and gloss of a urethane clearcoat, with the convenience of an aerosol. This product contains isocyanates which are toxic to the respiratory system. A respirator mask is mandatory when using this product, or any product with isocyanates.
Learn More




I agree to wear a respirator (required)
**** You must agree to the safety warning before you can add to cart.
Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Aerosol Spray Can TriggerPrice: $3.95

Turns a spray can into a spray gun.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Wet Sandpaper Pack AssortmentPrice: $4.95

1 sheet each 180, 320, 600, 1000, 1500 (5 sheets of 5 1/2"x9" wet or dry).
Sandpaper Selection Chart




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Sandpaper Pack

		
                        Price:
                $2.55




select desired grit (5 sheets 5 1/2"x9" wet or dry).
Sandpaper Selection Chart





Select a Grade
40 grit dry - $3.37
80 grit wet/dry - $3.73
180 grit wet/dry - $3.64
320 grit wet/dry - $2.55
400 grit wet/dry - $2.55
600 grit wet/dry - $2.55
1000 grit wet/dry - $3.66
1200 grit wet/dry - $3.66
1500 grit wet/dry - $3.66
2000 grit wet/dry - $3.66

You must select an option here first.
Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









2 oz Prep SolventPrice: $2.76

Wax & grease remover.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









3/4" 3m Green Auto GradePrice: $2.80

Masking tape. Price per roll.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









1 1/2" 3m Green Auto GradePrice: $5.19

Masking Tape. Price per roll.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Pre-taped Masking Film with Dispenser 21"x108 feetPrice: $5.95

Price per roll.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Gold Tack ClothPrice: $1.62

Price per cloth.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Bandit N95 Disposable Dual Cartridge Respirator for use against paint fumes

		
                        Price:
                $14.90




OUT OF STOCK
Learn More





Choose a Size
Medium - $14.90
Large - $14.90

You must select an option here first.
Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Organic Vapor Respirator, for use against paint fumes.

		
                        Price:
                $20.19




Respirator.
Learn More





Choose a Size
Large - $20.19
Medium - $20.19
Small - $20.19

You must select an option here first.
Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









MORE PRODUCTS ⇩
                    


FIND YOUR PERFECT COLOR MATCH
Enter your year, make, and model below to find color matched paint:


STEP 1: STEP 2: STEP
                            3:





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935


--Make--


--Model--


Please complete the 3 steps to continue.





START HERE

Find Your Car’s Color
How to Use Our Products
See How it Works on Video
Where to Find Your Paint Code

TYPES OF PAINT

1/2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
Paint Pens
Aerosol Spray Paint

Color Matched Spray Paint
Clearcoat Spray Paint
Spray Paint Primer
Spray Paint Accessories
Black Trim Paint
Adhesion Promoter


Auto Paint (for Spray Guns)

ACCESSORIES

Touch Up Paint Accessories
Spray Paint Accessories
Body and Bumper Repair
General Abrasives
Safety

















































	Small 1/2 oz Touch Up Paint | 1/2 Oz Products | AutomotiveTouchup






































1-888-710-5192
|
Contact
|
Order Status
























1/2 oz Touch Up Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)










HOME > 

                
    
    1/2 OZ TOUCH UP PAINT (Brush-in-Bottle)



Order Auto Touch Up Paint, Clear Coat, Primer, and More.
                        Ordering our color-matched, original OEM quality auto touch up paint is easy. Provide us with the year, make, model, and color code of your vehicle. Scroll down to see all available products. Don't forget to use clearcoat. Click here for touch up paint directions. If you are looking for aerosol spray paint or touch up paint pens?










1/2 oz. Touch Up Paint Color Matched Original OEM Quality


Price: $9.95




NEEDS TO BE CLEARCOATED.
Learn More





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935




--Make--




--Model--




--Color--

Please select a color first, or use the search tool on the left to view color samples.










Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









1/2 oz Touch Up Bottle High Gloss ClearcoatPrice: $4.95

Required for shine durability and match.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









1/2 oz Touch Up Bottle Grey PrimerPrice: $4.95

For adhesion to bare metal and plastic.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout










MORE PRODUCTS ⇩
                    


FIND YOUR PERFECT COLOR MATCH
Enter your year, make, and model below to find color matched paint:


STEP 1: STEP 2: STEP
                            3:





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935


--Make--


--Model--


Please complete the 3 steps to continue.





START HERE

Find Your Car’s Color
How to Use Our Products
See How it Works on Video
Where to Find Your Paint Code

TYPES OF PAINT

1/2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)

Color Matched Touch Up Paints
Clearcoat Touch Up Bottles
Primer Touch Up Bottles
Touch Up Paint Accessories

2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
Paint Pens
Aerosol Spray Paint
Auto Paint (for Spray Guns)

ACCESSORIES

Touch Up Paint Accessories
Spray Paint Accessories
Body and Bumper Repair
General Abrasives
Safety

















































	Paint Pens | AutomotiveTouchup






































1-888-710-5192
|
Contact
|
Order Status
























Touch Up Paint Pens










HOME > 

                
		
            TOUCH UP PAINT PENS 




           Paint pens are clean and easy to use, and even easier to order. We will need the year, make, model, and color code of your vehicle. You must scroll down to see all products. Don't forget to use clearcoat. Here are the Paint Pen Directions.










Paint Pen Basecoat


Price: $12.95




REQUIRES CLEARCOAT.
LEARN MORE





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935




--Make--




--Model--




--Color--

Please select a color first, or use the search tool on the left to view color samples.










Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Paint Pen High Gloss ClearcoatPrice: $5.74

Required for shine durability and match.
Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









Paint Pen Grey PrimerPrice: $5.74


Learn More




Quantity

Invalid quantity
Missing quantity

Checkout









MORE PRODUCTS ⇩
                    


FIND YOUR PERFECT COLOR MATCH
Enter your year, make, and model below to find color matched paint:


STEP 1: STEP 2: STEP
                            3:





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935


--Make--


--Model--


Please complete the 3 steps to continue.





START HERE

Find Your Car’s Color
How to Use Our Products
See How it Works on Video
Where to Find Your Paint Code

TYPES OF PAINT

1/2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
Paint Pens

Color Matched Paint Pen
Clearcoat Paint Pen
Primer Paint Pen
Touch Up Paint Accessories


Aerosol Spray Paint
Auto Paint (for Spray Guns)

ACCESSORIES

Touch Up Paint Accessories
Spray Paint Accessories
Body and Bumper Repair
General Abrasives
Safety

















































	Touch Up Paint How To Videos | AutomotiveTouchup






































1-888-710-5192
|
Contact
|
Order Status
























Automotive Touch Up How To Videos










HOME > 

                
		
			HOW TO VIDEOS


            Here are some "How-To" videos which you can use to help you use our products. We recommend that you first use our directions for use before watching these touch up paint videos because those directions are a little more comprehensive. These videos are a nice tool because you get the visual which has been known to help our customers better understand what we're telling them to do in the directions.

How to Blend Automotive Paint
Bumper Repaint Job
Porsche Cayenne Bumper Repair
Bondo and Paint Touch Up Repair
Touch Up Paint Pen for Tiny Chips and Scratches

Feather Sanding Auto Paint
Can Gun 1 Spray Can Tool

Repainting a Spoiler on a Red Ford ZX2
Automotive Masking Tape Techniques

Repainting a Lexus IS 300 Spoiler

Prep Solvent Pre-paint Cleaner

How to Spray a Test Card for Comparing Automotive Paint Color
Yellow Headlights Made Better







MORE PRODUCTS ⇩
                    


FIND YOUR PERFECT COLOR MATCH
Enter your year, make, and model below to find color matched paint:


STEP 1: STEP 2: STEP
                            3:





--Year--
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1935


--Make--


--Model--


Please complete the 3 steps to continue.





START HERE

Find Your Car’s Color
How to Use Our Products
See How it Works on Video
Where to Find Your Paint Code

TYPES OF PAINT

1/2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
2oz Paint (Brush-in-Bottle)
Paint Pens
Aerosol Spray Paint
Auto Paint (for Spray Guns)

ACCESSORIES

Touch Up Paint Accessories
Spray Paint Accessories
Body and Bumper Repair
General Abrasives
Safety


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































