

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















NJCC HURRICANE SANDY FUND #1 LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NJCC HURRICANE SANDY FUND #1 LLC
                    

•   LOS ANGELES, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Njcc Hurricane Sandy Fund #1 is based out of Los Angeles.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NJCC HURRICANE SANDY FUND #1 LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




njcc hurricane sandy fund #1 llc


333 S. GRAND AVE.

LOS ANGELES
CA
                                                        
                                                    90071


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      213-830-6300







Recent SEC Filings




ABS-15G filed on 02/15/2017
ABS-15G filed on 11/14/2016
ABS-15G filed on 08/12/2016
ABS-15G filed on 05/11/2016
ABS-15G filed on 02/12/2016
ABS-15G filed on 11/06/2015
ABS-15G filed on 08/14/2015
ABS-15G filed on 05/15/2015
ABS-15G filed on 02/11/2015
ABS-15G filed on 11/12/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Abbott and the Abbott Fund Donate $1 Million in Funding and Products to Support Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts – Press Releases on CSRwire.com





































 





subscription settings 



Become a member
Submit your news

July 27, 2017

facebook
twitter
google+






















news
Events
Reports
Books
members
blog
Csrlive












news by category


Academia
Activism
Business Ethics
Careers
Community Development
Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility
Economic Development
Environment
Events
Fair Trade & Supply Chain
Finance
Green Building
Green Products & Services
Health & Wellness
Human Resources & Diversity
Human Rights
Philanthropy & Corporate Contributions
Ratings & Awards
Renewable & Alternative Energy
Research, Reports & Publications
Social Entrepreneurship
Socially Responsible Investing
Stakeholder Engagement
Sustainability
Technology
Volunteerism
Women





More Information
Distribution
About us
Services
Archive
Contact

Categories

Subscribe


Subscribe to alerts
            

Subscribe to rss
 



















CSR News











Print


Alerts




Abbott and the Abbott Fund Donate $1 Million in Funding and Products to Support Hurricane Sandy Relief Efforts




Submitted by:

          Abbott
        


Categories:
Corporate Social Responsibility, Philanthropy & Corporate Contributions


Posted: 
        Nov 02, 2012 – 10:47 AM EST
      

 

















ABBOTT PARK, Ill., Nov. 02 /CSRwire/ -  Abbott and its foundation, the Abbott Fund, are providing $1 million in funding and product donations to support relief efforts in response to Hurricane Sandy. The Abbott Fund grants will be provided to longstanding relief organization partners, including the American Red Cross, AmeriCares, Direct Relief International and World Vets. Abbott product donations have been made to Direct Relief International and Feeding America.
Abbott product donations were provided to food banks and free clinics in states along the east coast, including New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Earlier this year, Abbott worked with Feeding America and Direct Relief International to strategically pre-position "disaster relief packs" containing nutritional and medical products in coastal communities at high risk of hurricanes. Abbott donations for the packs include adult and pediatric nutritional products and rehydration solutions provided to food banks through Feeding America, and nutritional products, medicine and diabetes care products provided to free clinics through Direct Relief International. Food banks and free clinics are able to access these disaster packs as needed to quickly respond to local community needs.
"Our thoughts are with the many people who have been affected by Hurricane Sandy," said John B. Thomas, vice president, Investor Relations and Public Affairs, Abbott, and president, the Abbott Fund. "Working together with trusted relief organizations, Abbott and the Abbott Fund are providing funding and products to help communities recover in the days and weeks ahead."
About Abbott and the Abbott Fund
As part of its commitment to responsible global citizenship, Abbott has a long history of providing humanitarian relief around the world. Working together with longstanding relief organizations, Abbott and the Abbott Fund have provided rapid relief aid and supported ongoing recovery efforts in Chile, Haiti, Japan and many other countries in recent years. 
Abbott is a global, broad-based health care company devoted to the discovery, development, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceuticals and medical products, including nutritionals, devices and diagnostics. The company employs approximately 91,000 people and markets its products in more than 130 countries. Abbott's news releases and other information are available on the company's website at www.abbott.com.
The Abbott Fund is a philanthropic foundation established by Abbott in 1951. The Abbott Fund's mission is to create healthier global communities by investing in creative ideas that promote science, expand access to health care and strengthen communities worldwide. For more information on the Abbott Fund, visit www.abbottfund.org.




For more information, please contact:


Matt Bedella

Phone: 847.936.3394


Twitter: @Abbottnews












 


©2017 CSRwire, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicySite Map



Issuers of news releases and not csrwire are solely responsible for the accuracy of the content

        Web Design & Development by Fuzz Productions & Singlebrook










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















        NJC : Employer Identification Number Registry






























































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  N  NJC









                    NJC : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



541993719 - NJCA FOUNDATION FOR YOUTH OPPORTUNITESBusiness Address: 2020 K STREET NW STE 650, WASHINGTON, DC, 20006-1806Mailing Address: Not on file208697802 - NJC GAP INCBusiness Address: 92 CORTELYOU LN, SOMERSET, NJ, 08873-5347Mailing Address: Not on file222291384 - NJCPA SCHOLARSHIP FUNDBusiness Address: 425 EAGLE ROCK AVE STE 100, ROSELAND, NJ, 07068-1763Mailing Address: Not on file223100961 - NJCPA EDUCATION FOUNDATION INCBusiness Address: 425 EAGLE ROCK AVE STE 100, ROSELAND, NJ, 07068-1763Mailing Address: Not on file208697802 - NJC GAP INCBusiness Address: PO Box 370, Columbus, NJ, 08022Mailing Address: PO Box 370, Columbus, NJ, 08022541993719 - NJCA FOUNDATION FOR YOUTH OPPORTUNITESBusiness Address: 1023 15th Street NW STE 200, Washington, DC, 20005Mailing Address: 1023 15th Street NW STE 200, Washington, DC, 20005222291384 - Njcpa Scholarship FundBusiness Address: , Roseland, NJMailing Address: Not on file223100961 - Njcpa Education Foundation Inc.Business Address: , Roseland, NJMailing Address: Not on file541993719 - Njca Foundation for Youth OpportunitesBusiness Address: , Washington, DCMailing Address: Not on file113761168 - NJC MEMORIAL FUNDBusiness Address: 4231 W YORKSHIRE DR, GLENDALE, AZ, 85308-7556Mailing Address: Not on file222970344 - NJCASABusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file363048131 - NJC MACHINE CO., INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file200292117 - NJC ENTERPRISES, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file541993719 - NJCA FOUNDATION FOR YOUTH OPPORTUNITESBusiness Address: 1023 15TH ST NW STE 200, WASHINGTON, DC, 20005-2629Mailing Address: Not on file208697802 - NJC GAP INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 370, COLUMBUS, NJ, 08022-0370Mailing Address: Not on file222872262 - NJCC Hurricane Sandy Fund #1 LLCBusiness Address: 599 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE, GREENWICH, CT, 06830Mailing Address: 599 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE, GREENWICH, CT222872262 - NJCC Hurricane Sandy Fund #1 LLCBusiness Address: 333 S. GRAND AVE., FLOOR 28, LOS ANGELES, CA, 90071Mailing Address: 333 S. GRAND AVE., FLOOR 28, LOS ANGELES, CA, 90071813042375 - NJCU West Campus Investor I, LLCBusiness Address: 22 MAPLE AVENUE, MORRISTOWN, NJ, 07960Mailing Address: 22 MAPLE AVENUE, MORRISTOWN, NJ, 07960






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            



















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          





























































Hurricane Sandy -- Corporate Aid Tracker | U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation























Skip to Main Content







	An affiliate of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce



Search form

Search 









Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn










U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation




Menu

WorkCentersCenter for Education and Workforce
Corporate Citizenship Center
Hiring Our Heroes
Institute for Organization Management

InitiativesFast Forward
Data-Driven Innovation
Innovation That Matters
MBA Case Competition


Blog
TopicsCommunity Improvement
Competitiveness
Corporate Citizenship
Data
Disaster Response
Early Childhood Education
Economic Empowerment
Economic Growth
Emerging Issues
Entrepreneurship
Environment
Health and Wellness
Innovation
K-12 Education
Postsecondary Education
STEMSTEM Toolkit

Veterans
Women
Workforce Training
Youth Employment

EventsUpcoming Events
Recent Events
Event Videos
Hiring Events

PublicationsReports
Best Practices

AboutAbout Us
Leadership
Staff
Media Contacts
Press Releases
Contact Us
#FoundationNation
Benefits of Partnering









U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation / Hurricane Sandy -- Corporate Aid Tracker  
Hurricane Sandy -- Corporate Aid Tracker 




 

Should Your Company Be Listed? 
Use this form to submit info for the Hurricane Sandy Aid Tracker. 

Hurricane Sandy affected 16 states in the Eastern United States during the week of Oct. 29, 2012, and caused unprecedented damage in New York City and the along the New Jersey coast.

Contacts
Disaster: Gerald McSwiggan
 
Media: Bailey Gilchrist / 202-230-1877
 
Help Desk: 1-888-MY-BIZ-HELP / 888-692-4943

Additionally, Caribbean countries including Haiti and Jamaica experienced major damage and loss of life due to Sandy's force the week prior.
Read more from the Sandy Situation Update. 
Companies are mobilizing their expertise, capabilities, and community resources to assist with the response to the storm. Business pledges of over $141 million have been announced in support of recovery efforts. Two-thirds of business aid has come in the form of direct monetary donations to organizations such as the American Red Cross and Feeding America.
Business Response to Sandy
(last updated: 1/9/13)

Aaron's, Inc. 


Aaron's, Inc., a lease-to-own retailer specializing in the sales and lease ownership of residential furniture, consumer electronics, home appliances and accessories, has donated $150,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to aid the millions of Americans affected by Hurricane Sandy.


3M


3M will give up to $250,000 for Superstorm Sandy relief and recovery efforts. A $100,000 grant was made to American Red Cross immediately. Additional support will be provided in 3M plant communities that have been affected. 3M is providing product as needs are identified -- including cleaning supplies, hand sanitizer, duct tape, and medical products.


Abbott


Abbott and the Abbott Fund donated $1 million in funding and products to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. Abbott Fund grants were provided to longstanding relief organization partners, including the American Red Cross, AmeriCares, Direct Relief International and World Vets. Abbott has provided product donations to food banks and free clinics in New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. 


The ACE Group


The ACE Group announced that the ACE Charitable Foundation has made a donation of $250,000 to the American Red Cross to support disaster relief efforts in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy that impacted the East Coast of the United States. In addition, the Foundation has organized a campaign for donations from ACE’s U.S. employees that it will match 100 percent.


Actavis


Actavis has provided donations of medical supplies to help families that were impacted by Hurricane Sandy in New York and New Jersey last month.
The generic medicines specialist has contributed $200,000 (123,900 pounds) in antibiotics, paediatric therapies and other products via AmeriCares, a not-for-profit disaster relief and humanitarian aid organisation.


Aetna


The Aetna Foundation, Aetna’s charitable giving arm, is providing a total of $100,000 in charitable grants to the Salvation Army, the American Red Cross, AmeriCares, and the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, and the Aetna Foundation will match employee donations dollar-for-dollar to those agencies or any qualified disaster relief organization.


Ahold USA


The Stop & Shop Supermarket Company LLC and its parent company Ahold USA, announced donations totaling $2.5 million from the companies and their charitable foundation, Our Family Foundation, to the American Red Cross.


Air Products


In the wake of the Hurricane, Air Porducts committed $25,000 from the Air Products Foundation to the American Red Cross as our headquarters is located in an affected area. Continue to support communities who are suffering through employee volunteerism and collection drives.


Alcoa


Alcoa Foundation pledged $250,000 to the American Red Cross, United Way and other agencies to help with cleanup in New York and places where Alcoa has locations, including Dover, N.J., and Branford, Conn. The Alcoa Foundation also will match contributions from Alcoa employees up to $25,000.


Allied Electronics


Allied Electronics donated $10,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to support relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, the largest Atlantic tropical system on record.


Allstate


Allstate and The Allstate Foundation announced that up to $1.2 million for Sandy relief and recovery efforts will be available through the creation of a recovery fund and a company match. The new fund, supported through a $1 million allocation from The Allstate Foundation, supported local nonprofit organizations in affected areas that have capacity and capabilities but need resources to help people rebuild their lives. The Allstate Foundation will use its national reach into local communities to identify eligible nonprofit organizations. Local relationships of Allstate agents will be leveraged with awards made to organizations where agency owners volunteer.  The identified nonprofits will be eligible for grants up to $5,000.


Ameren


Ameren is contributing $50,000 to the American Red Cross and Salvation Army in support of restoration efforts. In addition, Ameren employees will have the opportunity to contribute to the American Red Cross through payroll deduction.


American Airlines


American Airlines responded too. It offers 250 AAdvantage bonus miles for a $50 donation and 500 miles for a donation of $100 or more to the Red Cross.


American Express


American Express has committed $1,000,000 to the American Red Cross and other organizations involved in Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The company will also rebate the merchant discount rate to American Red Cross, AmeriCares, City Harvest, Habitat for Humanity, Humane Society of the United States, Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, Salvation Army, Save the Children, United Way of America, and World Vision for charitable contributions for Hurricane relief that Cardmembers make directly using their American Express Cards.


Amgen


Amgen and the Amgen Foundation supported nonprofit organizations by providing medical relief and vital health services for patients affected by Hurricane Sandy. A total contribution of $250,000 will support relief efforts, including $100,000 to Direct Relief International to advance its work with hundreds of clinics in the affected areas. The balance of donations will be disbursed to organizations that specifically support dialysis patients, for whom timely care is critical.


Amway


Amway has more than 100,000 Independent Business Owners in the affected areas, and is reaching out to ensure their well-being and business continuity. The company has set up a place to donate on its website, and is matching donations to $100,000. Amway will consider additional support once the true impact is clear.


Anheuser-Busch


Anheuser-Busch packaged 44,000 cases of emergency drinking water –  or 1,056,000 cans – this week for residents impacted by Hurricane Sandy and other natural disasters. The Anheuser-Busch Foundation also announced a $100,000 donation to the American Red Cross to assist in on-the-ground support for disaster relief workers and victims of Hurricane Sandy.


Aon


Aon is a proud member of the American Red Cross’ Annual Disaster Giving Program and contributes $500,000 annually to the Red Cross to ensure that resources are available in advance of major disasters like Sandy. Aon is also matching employee contributions to the Red Cross and other relief organizations through its Employee Matching Gift Program.


Apple


Apple made a donation of $2.5 million to the American Red Cross to benefit Hurricane Sandy relief.


Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited



Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited has donated $100,000 to Red Cross to help recovery efforts around Hurricane Sandy.



Astoria Federal Savings


Astoria Federal Savings today announced that it will donate $100,000 to the American Red Cross in support of relief efforts for the areas affected by the devastation from Hurricane Sandy.


AT&T


The AT&T Foundation has contributed $500,000 to Hurricane Sandy relief effort including a $250,000 grant to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund and $250,000 in grants to local relief organizations located in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Rhode Island.  AT&T wireless customers can make donations for Hurricane Sandy relief by texting to pledge to several non-profit organizations. AT&T is also deploying generator-driving charging stations and RVs with charging capabilities for New Yorkers.


ATMequipment.com


ATMequipment.com donated $10,000 to the American Red Cross to support relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. ATMequipment.com will also match customer donations to the American Red Cross up to an additional $10,000.


Autodesk, Inc. 


Autodesk, Inc. has donated $10,000 cash donation to Architecture for Humanity in addition to software. The company has also set up double match limit for employees over a 30 day period.


AXA Foundation


The AXA Foundation contributes $250,000 annually as a contributing member of the Red Cross' Disaster Responder Program. The AXA Foundation also supports our employees and financial professionals' efforts through our ongoing Disaster Matching Gifts Program. Matches made through this program do not count against the annual per employee maximum of their standard Matching Gifts Program.


Ayala


Ayala’s Herbal Water has donated more than 500 cases of Herbal Water to the communities most affected by Super-storm Sandy’s aftermath, who are in great need of basic necessities. Feed the Children  is aiding in the transportation of the donation.


Ball Corporation


Ball Corporation is donating $50,000 through the Ball Foundation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund.


The Bank of America Foundation


Bank of America announced it will provide an additional $335,000 to support the critical needs of New Jersey communities affected by Hurricane Sandy. The funds are in addition to a $1 million contribution announced last week, which will benefit the American Red Cross and national, regional and local nonprofits supporting recovery efforts.


Barclays


Barclays announced that in response to the unprecedented damage caused by Hurricane Sandy, the firm has committed $1.5 million in support of disaster recovery efforts. The funds will be allocated by providing $500,000 for emergency relief and $1 million for long-term recovery and economic reconstruction efforts. 
 


Barclays Center


The Nets, Barclays Center and the arena’s developer, Forest City Ratner Co., announced they’ll each donate $100,000 to a local charitable fund set up to offer relief to Brooklyn communities and organizations impacted by Hurricane Sandy.


BASF


BASF announced that it will donate up to $1 million to support Hurricane Sandy relief and recovery in the Northeast.
Through BASF Foundation USA, BASF will make a $250,000 cash donation among the Governor's Funds in affected states. BASF Foundation USA will also match employee contributions to tax-exempt organizations (under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code) directly involved in Hurricane Sandy relief efforts up to an additional $250,000. Working with its customers, BASF will provide up to $500,000 worth of products to support re-building efforts.


Bayer


Bayer Corporation announced that it is providing monetary support for disaster relief efforts through donations totaling $150,000 from the Bayer USA Foundation. The American Red Cross and Save the Children will each receive $75,000. 


BB&T


BB&T has waived fees to clients who incurred overdrafts, returned items and negative account balance fees or late fees on loan payments related to the storm. BB&T is working with loan clients who incurred damage to their homes. In addition, BB&T has made a $25,000 donation to the American Red Cross and is offering humanitarian aid where needed.


BD


BD is pledging up to $500,000, including $250,000 in cash and $250,000 inproduct donations. BD’s cash commitment will be shared among the American Red Cross, AmeriCares, Direct Relief Internation, Heart to Heart Internation and the United Way.
BD will match donations by BD employees to the American Red Cross, up to a total of $50,000.
BD’s product donations include syringes, insulin syringes, BD Sharps containers, alcohol swabs, lancets and BD Vacutainer® tubes.


Beam


Beam Inc., a leading global premium spirits company, announced  that it will make a $100,000 donation to the American Red Cross to directly aid those impacted by the devastation of Hurricane Sandy.


Belk


Belk Inc. has donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to aid the victims of Hurricane Sandy.


Best Buy


Best Buy is donating $200,000 of product and Geek Squad tech support services. Geek Squad Agents will be on the ground lending their unique expertise and support to nonprofits, schools and libraries delivering disaster relief to the region.


Bio-Reference Laboratories


Bio-Reference Laboratories, Inc. has announced its donation of $100,000 to the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund. 


Birch Communications


Birch Communications, a leading IP-based telecom and managed services provider to small- and medium-sized businesses and consumers, announced today that it will waive service charges for any of its customers that were devastated by damage from Hurricane Sandy at their business or residential locations.


BMO Capital Markets


BMO Capital Markets, the investment and corporate banking arm of BMO Financial Group announced that it is donating $150,000 to the American Red Cross to support its relief efforts for those affected by the catastrophic damage caused by Hurricane Sandy.


BMW


The North American division of the BMW Group donated $1 million to the American Red Cross for disaster relief in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy.


BNI


The BNI Foundation will match the first $10,000 donated to the fund.  One hundred percent of all donations made for disaster relief will go directly to the Red Cross.


BNY Mellon


In addition to its disaster relief grants and contributions, which include a $1 million donation to the American Red Cross and others, BNY Mellon has launched several programs to help victims of Hurricane Sandy. Its Neighbor-to-Neighbor volunteer program supports employees who are helping their neighbors with storm damage and matches employees' time for the work they are doing with contributions to the American Red Cross. To help its employees who have been most severely impacted by this disaster, BNY Mellon also established a fund that covers their expenses that are not covered by FEMA or insurance. In addition, the company created a separate program to provide immediate cash grants to employees in instances of immediate and extreme hardship. As part of the company's ongoing commitment to Hurricane Sandy relief, BNY Mellon has donated $10,000 to the Ali Forney Center to support the rebuilding of its Day Center, which was destroyed in the storm. 


Boar's Head


In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, Boar’s Head Brand employees across the country came together to produce thousands of sandwiches. These sandwiches were provided to the American Red Cross for relief efforts in some of the most heavily impacted communities in New York and New Jersey. Boar’s Head Brand also donated thousands of pounds of ham, turkey and chicken products to Feeding America, the nation’s largest hunger relief organization.


Bodybuilding.com


For the remainder of 2012, when customers make a qualifying purchase over $75.00 from Bodybuilding.com, they will have the option to make a $2 donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund in lieu of receiving a free gift. In addition, Bodybuilding.com is encouraging all of its visitors, customers, and BodySpace members to donate to the American Red Cross 2012 Hurricane Fund through a special URL. Bodybuilding.com will match donations dollar for dollar, up to $50,000.


Bosch


Bosch has committed $340,000 in funding and in-kind donations to help the victims of Hurricane Sandy.


BP Foundation


The BP Foundation announced it will donate $500,000 to the American Red Cross to provide assistance in response to Hurricane Sandy. The $500,000 donation - along with support provided by the BP Foundation Employee Matching Program -assisted with emergency meals, shelter, clothing, water and medical care. Thirteen 18-wheeler trucks containing $800,000 worth of supplies left Hammond, Louisiana, on Wednesday and arrived at a Salvation Army warehouse in the New York and New Jersey metropolitan area on Friday. The 300 pallets of supplies contain nearly 150 generators, non-perishable food, water, flashlights, hygiene and sanitation products, first aid kits, gas cans and other useful materials.


Bristol-Myers Squibb


To assist in the recovery efforts, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation is making a $100,000 donation to the American Red Cross. In addition, the Foundation is matching donations that Bristol-Myers Squibb employees make to eligible nonprofit organizations that are assisting the recovery efforts.


Brooklyn Nets


The Nets, Barclays Center and the arena’s developer, Forest City Ratner Co., announced they’ll each donate $100,000 to a local charitable fund set up to offer relief to Brooklyn communities and organizations impacted by Hurricane Sandy. 


Burlington Coat Factory


 Burlington Coat Factory has donated 15 pallets of product and $200,000 worth of gift cards to victims of Hurricane Sandy.


Business Supply


In response to the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, online retailer Business Supply donated a portion of every sale to the American Red Cross relief efforts for Hurricane Sandy. From Thursday, November 01, through Sunday, November 4, Business Supply will donate 5% of all sales attributed to the coupon code SANDY at http://www.business-supply.com. Customers are encouraged to enter the code in the shopping cart area.


Campbell


Campbell has helped with Hurricane Sandy Relief by making a $50,000 contribution to the American Red Cross, distributing 22,000 packets of Pepperidge Farm snacks and 15,550 single-serve bottles of V8 to American Red Cross shelters for victims and relief workers, contributing $100,000 to the NJ Governor’s Disaster Relief Fund and coordinating the donation of another 10 pallet food (soup and beverage) donation to Feeding America. They have also set up a special designation opportunity for their employees via the United Way campaign to direct funds to relief efforts, with more than $100,000 designated to date.


C&S Wholesale Grocers


C&S Wholesale Grocers donated two tractor trailerloads of ready-to-eat meals, water, snacks, and cleaning products (approx. 100,000 pounds) to Feeding America member food banks in Connecticut and New York City. 


Canadian Pacific


Canadian Pacific announced it will donate $1M to assist with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The donation will include $250,000 to the American Red Cross; $250,000 to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City; and $250,000 to New Jersey Governor Christie's Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund.


Canon U.S.A.


In the wake of the devastating effects from Hurricane Sandy, Canon U.S.A. Inc., a leader in digital imaging solutions, today made a donation of $100,000 to AmeriCares to be used toward the relief efforts.


Capital One


Capital One announced a $1,000,000 commitment to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. Capital One’s cash contributions include $200,000 in emergency relief grants and an additional $600,000 to support longer-term recovery efforts and will also match up to $200,000 in contributions made by customers through the Capital One No Hassle Giving site.


Cargill


Cargill donated $50,000 to the American Red Cross to help with the recovery around Hurricane Sandy and will continue to monitor the situation.


CarMax


The CarMax Foundation granted $50,000 to the American Red Cross and $10,000 to the Connecticut Food Bank for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. In addition, The CarMax Foundation's Matching Gifts program will double the match of associate donations of $10 or more made to the American Red Cross through December 31.


CA Technologies


CA Technologies and its employees have raised nearly $200,000 for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts by the American Red Cross. This includes an initial contribution from CA Technologies, employee donations, and a double match by the company. Employees have volunteered with the American Red Cross and in the Clinton Foundation’s Day of Action. Food, coat, and blood drives have been organized to benefit Island Harvest, New York Cares and New York Blood Center, respectfully.


CBS


CBS is making a $1 million dollar donation to Hurricane Sandy recovery as part of a wider effort that includes PSAs and matching employee contributions through the end of the year.


Caesars Entertainment


Caesars Entertainment presented a check for $150,000 plus essential items of need to the American Red Cross's Southern Shore Chapter which will be used for area residents devastated by Superstorm Sandy.


Chevron


Chevron has committed $100,000 to the American National Red Cross for immediate disaster relief assistance andwill match employee contributions.


Chrysler


Chrysler Group LLC's Ram Truck brand donated 20 Ram 1500 Tradesman trucks and $100,000 to the American Red Cross to assist with relief efforts in the wake of Superstorm Sandy.


Chubb Corporation


The Chubb Corporation has established a $1,000,000 fund for disaster relief efforts related to Hurricane/Tropical Storm Sandy. Chubb contributed $500,000 to the American Red Cross for disaster relief. In addition, the insurer will match employee contributions to qualified relief organizations on a two-for-one basis, up to $500,000.  If total employee donations exceed $250,000, Chubb will continue to match those employee dollars on a dollar-for-dollar basis.


Cigna


Cigna and its employees have committed more than $110,000 to the American Red Cross to address Hurricane Sandy relief efforts, including an immediate $50,000 Cigna Foundation grant and a 1:1 special match of employee gifts. 


Cisco


Cisco has committed $1,000,000 in immediate disaster relief assistance to the American Red Cross. The company will provide 2:1 employee match up to $2 million to long standing relief and hunger partners. In addition to the cash already offered, a Cisco emergency response team provided on the ground assistance for public safety and disaster relief NGOs in NY and NJ. 


Citi


 
Citi and the Citi Foundation provided more than $1.6MM in support to the American Red Cross and a range of community organizations focused on relief and recovery efforts in neighborhoods across the impacted region.  Citi facilitated employee and client donations to ARC and participated in a number of volunteering and in-kind donations drives across the region. 


The Clorox Company


The Clorox Company has committed a total of 52 truckloads of Clorox bleach to the American Red Cross and Feeding America.


Coach


Coach, Inc., a leading marketer of modern classic American accessories,  announced the Coach Foundation would be making a $2 million gift to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The gift was made to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund for relief and rebuilding efforts in the Tri-State area in the wake of the hurricane.


Coca-Cola


The philanthropic arm of The Coca-Cola Company pledged $1MM to local community relief efforts around Hurricane Sandy. These funds will help provide resources for necessary food and shelter in the short-term and will aid in the long-term rebuilding efforts.


Comcast


Comcast announced that it will allow anyone regardless of whether they are a customer or not to access its Xfinity Wi-Fi hot spots in several states hit by megastorm Sandy. Through Comcast|NBCUniversal’s November benefit concert starring Christine Aguilera, Billy Joel, Jon Bon Jovi, Bruce Springsteen, and others, we raised $23 million for the American Red Cross’ relief efforts. Many local NBC owned-and-operated networks also hosted fundraising events, such as the NBC10 telethon in Philadelphia that raised more than $430,000. Comcast also is designating a portion of its annual United Way corporate gift for Hurricane Sandy recovery programs.


ConAgra Foods


ConAgra Foods has teamed up with "Anderson Live" and is sending 3 trucks of food valued at more than $100K to the Feeding America food banks that serve the Howard Beach NYC area and neighboring affected areas.


ConocoPhillips


ConocoPhillips donated $500,000 to the American Red Cross to assist in disaster relief efforts for those impacted by Hurricane Sandy.  US payroll employees are also encouraged to utilize the Matching Gift Program to double the impact of their contributions.


Constellation Brands


Constellation Brands, Inc. announced it will match employee donations two-to-one, up to $100,000, to the American Red Cross in support of Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Corning Incorporated Foundation


Corning Incorporated Foundation has donated a total of $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund; specifically, $10,000 for immediate disaster relief assistance and $90,000 for longer-term disaster recovery assistance.


Coty Inc.


Coty Inc. announced that it will donate $100,000 to the American Red Cross for its ongoing work in Hurricane Sandy recovery and relief efforts. 


Covidien


Covidien has donated more than $100,000 in crucially needed medical supplies to AmeriCares to help victims of Hurricane Sandy. Diapers, gauze, bandages and other donated products from the company have been distributed to families suffering in the wake of the storm.


Cox Enterprises


Cox Enterprises, in partnership with The James M. Cox Foundation, announced a combined cash donation of $100,000 to the American Red Cross to assist the relief and recovery efforts of the communities affected by Hurricane Sandy. 


Crocs


Crocs generously donated $75K worth of shoes and over $100K worth of supplies, including food, bottled water, cleaning supplies, Tupperware, trash bags, coolers, and baby items to people in affected areas including Seaside Heights, NJ, which was one of the hardest hit by the storm. The items will be delivered by Feed the Children. 


CSC


CSC has pledged to match $50,000 of employee donations to the American Red Cross for a total donation of $100,000 to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Cuba Education Tours


Cuba Education Tours, North America's premier cultural and educational tour operator has donated $10,000 to assist rebuilding efforts in towns and cities in eastern Cuba. The company appeals to its travel industry colleagues to match or exceed its donation, and urges individuals to help within their means. 


CU Direct


To help credit unions and members affected by Hurricane Sandy, CU Direct Corp. said it has donated $10,000 to CUAid.


CVS Caremark


CVS Caremark announced a donation of more than $100,000 to the American Red Cross National Disaster Relief Fund to provide much-needed support to communities that have been affected by Hurricane Sandy.  A donation of $50,000 was made from the Company's foundation, the CVS Caremark Charitable Trust.  In addition, CVS/pharmacy is providing snacks and bottled water valued at more than $50,000 to distribute in communities in New Jersey that were impacted by the hurricane.


Dallas Mavericks


Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban has pledged to donate $1 million to help the victims of Hurricane Sandy, he announced Friday via Twitter. Cuban asked for suggestions as to an entity he should donate the funds. He will make the donation in the name of the Dallas Mavericks and his television network AXSTV, formerly known as HDNet.


Darden Restaurants


Darden Restaurants, and its family of restaurant brands that include Red Lobster, Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse, is supporting the American Red Cross as they respond to those affected by Hurricane Sandy and donating bottled water to help local families. As a member of the Red Cross' Annual Disaster Giving Program, Darden provides financial support that the Red Cross uses in disaster response. 


Delmarva Power


Delmarva Power is donating $20,000 to Red Cross disaster relief in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.


Del Monte Foods


Del Monte Foods announced it will donate 146 tons of Del Monte® canned fruit, vegetables and tomatoes, College Inn® broth and a variety of dog and cat food from Kibbles 'n Bits® and Meow Mix® to Feeding America, the nation's largest hunger relief organization, and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA).


Deloitte


Deloitte made a $200,000 donation to the American Red Cross for immediate disaster relief.


Delta Air Lines


Delta Air Lines, through the Delta Air Lines Foundation, announced a $100,000 gift to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. his donation is in addition to Delta's long-standing agreement with the American Red Cross to provide complimentary cargo and passenger capacity, if needed, to help move relief supplies and workers to and from disaster areas around the world.


Deutsche Bank


Deutsche Bank announced that it has committed $1,000,000 to enable our nonprofit partners, including AmeriCares and the Robin Hood Foundation, help meet the demand for emergency services and restoration efforts.


Diageo North America


In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy Diageo North America responded by partnering with the Bridge Foundation to send two industrial strength generators to New Jersey, as well as organizing for over 100,000 bottles of Diageo water to be delivered to hard hit areas of New Jersey and Brooklyn. Additionally, with the help of Bridge, Diageo donated more than 10,000 pairs of Hanes socks, underwear and t-shirts to Breezy Point and Staten Island.


Dimont and Associates


Dimont and Associates, the nation's leader in insurance claims management, announced they have donated $10,000 to the American Red Cross, in order to help those adversely affected by Super Storm Sandy.


Discover


Discover Financial Services is encouraging its card members to donate their Cashback Bonus to the American Red Cross. Discover will match those donations dollar-per-dollar up to $500,000. Discover will also be matching employee donations to the Red Cross dollar-per-dollar.


Disney


Disney announced a $2 million cash commitment to the relief and rebuilding efforts for those severely impacted by Hurricane Sandy. One million dollars will be donated to the American Red Cross for immediate, critical assistance, and another $1 million will be designated for organizations working on rebuilding efforts.


Dow Chemical Co.


Dow Chemical Co. will donate up to $500,000 in relief efforts for the victims of Hurricane Sandy.
The Midland-based chemical giant donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross National Disaster Fund; $150,000 in grants to local Red Cross chapters and human services providers in areas where Dow has facilities; and implemented an employee matching gift program of up to $100,000.
The company also will assist with up to $150,000 in additional humanitarian, technical or product donations.


Dunkin' Brands


Dunkin' Brands, the parent company of Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins, announced a $100,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy disaster relief efforts.


DuPont


DuPont has donated $50,000 to the United Way of Central Jersey for Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts.


Duracell


Duracell has rolled out its Power Forward Community Center, which is outfitted with charging stations for mobile phones and devices as well as computers with internet access to help people affected by Hurricane Sandy recharge their electronic devices and to use their email and social-media accounts. The Center also provides free batteries to individuals looking to recharge flashlights and other important tools.


eBay


eBay has set up a dedicated Hurricane Sandy page where users can browse items that benefits Sandy-related charities.


Edleman Public Relations


Edleman established a matching program through the Red Cross for Sandy relief efforts, and will provide up to $50,000 in donations to match cash gifts made by employees. The Daniel J. Edelman Family Foundation has pledged to donate an additional $50,000 directly to the Red Cross. The company also hosted a fundraiser collect donations of clothes, water, food, and baby and sanitary items for Edelman volunteers to bring to families in need in Staten Island.


Electrolux


Electrolux, which has its North American headquarters in Charlotte, is pledging up to $200,000 to aid victims of Hurricane Sandy. The company is donating $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Fund, Electrolux said late Wednesday. The company will also match up to $100,000 worth of employee donations.


Eli Lilly 


Eli Lilly donated $200,000 to the American Red Cross. Also matching dollar-for-dollar employee contributions to the American Red Cross and Salvation Army.


Ellery Homestyles


Ellery Homestyles is supporting the Hurricane Sandy relief efforts by donating $10,000 to the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund and the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City. 


EMC


EMC has pledged $100,000 to the American Red Cross and is matching all employee donations.


Entergy


Entergy's has donated a total $200,000 contribution includes $150,000 to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City and $50,000 to the American Red Cross Metro New York North Chapter.


Enterprise


St. Louis-based Enterprise Holdings Foundation donated $1 million to the American Red Cross to aid in Hurricane Sandy disaster relief.


Erie Insurance


In the wake of the devastation of Hurricane Sandy, Erie Insurance is donating $100,000 to the American Red Cross to assist victims of the storm.


Ernst & Young


Ernst & Young started a relief and recovery fund. Donations from partners, principals, employees and retired partners to help EY families that have suffered losses due to the storm. Within the first three hours of the fund, more than $30,000 was donated.
Started a Hurricane Sandy Housing Exchange. More than 271 Ernst & Young families are making housing available for their colleagues. 


E*TRADE


E*TRADE announced that it has made a donation of $100,000 to the American Red Cross to assist with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


ExxonMobil


ExxonMobil continues to work to support distribution of gasoline and fuel throughout the area affected by Hurricane Sandy and is donating $1 million to the American Red Cross for disaster relief assistance in New York, New Jersey and the Caribbean.


FirstData


FirstData committed $25,000 in immediate disaster relief assistanced to American Red Cross. The company is also matching all employees donations to American Red Cross at 50%. Employees with "awards points" for exceptional employee service can donate these to Hurricane Sandy Relief through the First Data Foundation. Announced a "Replacement Equipment Relief" program for Point-of-Sale payment terminals damaged or destroyed in Connecticut, NJ and NY. Terminal, shipping and replacement fees waived for select customers in affected zip codes until Dec. 31.


FedEx


FedEx provides $1.2 million cash and in-kind transportation support for the American Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program. FedEx is providing an additional $1.5 million cash and in-kind transportation donation for the American Red Cross, The Salvation Army, Heart to Heart International, Direct Relief, and United Way. The additional support includes a nationwide FedEx Office "Pack, Ship & Give" program where up to $50K will be donated to food banks in NJ & NY. FedEx Office "Pack, Ship & Give" program: From November 26 through December 2, 2012, for each Pack & Ship transaction, FedEx Office will donate $1 to the Food Bank For New York City and Community Food Bank of New Jersey, up to $50,000. Each dollar donated will provide five warm meals through the Food Bank for New York City or $10 worth of groceries through the Community Food Bank of New Jersey.


Ferrari North America


Ferrari has raised funds for Hurricane Sandy recovery through awinning bid of $1,125,000, at an auction of the first F12berlinetta in the U.S., in addition to over $50,000 in online and in-person donations at the auction. Tonight, Ferrari is excited to announce that all of the proceeds raised, totaling over $1.5 million,  will be donated to The American Red Cross to support those affected by Hurricane Sandy in the tri-state area.


FirstEnergy


The FirstEnergy Foundation has contributed $25,000 to the American Red Cross of Greater Cleveland to support relief efforts for residents affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Five Below


Five Below collected 50,000 $1 donations from customers across 18 states. The teen-focused chain matched this donation dollar for dollar, bringing the grand total of funds raised to $100,000.


Fluent Inc.


Fluent, Inc., a digital performance marketing company specializing in customer acquisition for advertisers and monetization solutions for publishers, today announced that it has donated $3,700 to the Red Cross to assist with disaster relief in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.


FMC


FMC Corporation announced a disaster relief donation of $75,000 to the American Red Cross to support ongoing efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. 


Food Lion


Food Lion has partnered with the American Red Cross to accept register and online donations to support disaster-relief efforts and help replenish the American Red Cross Disaster Relief funds in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.  Food Lion customers may donate in-store at any Food Lion location Nov. 2 through Nov. 9, or online by visiting www.foodlion.com or via the Food Lion Facebook and Twitter pages.  The donations will occur at all 1,127 Food Lion locations.


Forest City Ratner Company


The Nets, Barclays Center and the arena’s developer, Forest City Ratner Co., announced they’ll each donate $100,000 to a local charitable fund set up to offer relief to Brooklyn communities and organizations impacted by Hurricane Sandy.


Ford


Ford employees and Ford Motor Company Fund donated $50,000 to the American Red Cross and its chapters to assist with disaster relief in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.


Gap


Upon the request of the American Red Cross for much-needed clothing, Gap Inc. donated more than $250,000 worth of clothing, which will be distributed tomorrow in New Jersey, one of the areas hit the hardest by this week’s superstorm. In addition, the company will donate $750,000 cash to provide critical help and necessities for those in affected areas.


Genentech


The Genentech Foundation has donated $200,000 to the American Red Cross to support hurricane relief efforts. The American Red Cross is on the ground, providing shelter, emergency transportation and meals to those affected.


General Electric


In response to Hurricane Sandy, GE today gave $1.1 million to support relief and recovery efforts throughout the Northeast of the United States. One million dollars was given to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund. The additional $100,000 dollars was given to the United Way of America for them to direct to local communities where they determine the need is greatest.
GE  also donated $4 million to the Robin Hood Foundation to support relief and recovery efforts under way in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. These funds are expected to be used for longer-term housing, physical and mental health needs, food bank support and local economic recovery in impacted communities where the Robin Hood Foundation determines the need is greatest.


General Mills


The General Mills Foundation has committed $250,000 in disaster relief support; $125,000 to American Red Cross to support relief efforts and $125,000 to Feeding America to provide product to affected communities.


General Motors


GM donated 50 Chevy Silverado full-size pickups and Express cargo vans to the American Red Cross to help its recovery efforts in wake of superstorm Sandy.


Georgia-Pacific


Georgia-Pacific has donated 11 truckloads of products including paper plates and towels, napkins, cups, cutlery, food wrap and hand sanitizer, totaling more than $180,000.


Giant Food Stores


Giant Food Stores has donated $2.5 million to the American Red Cross to aid in disaster recovery and another $500,000 to help our associates whose lives have been disrupted.


Glass


Glass.com will be donating its marketing budget budget of $10,000 to help the 40,000 children and families impacted by Hurricane Sandy.


GlaxoSmithKline


GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has donated $250,000 to the American National Red Cross to help victims of Hurricane Sandy in the United States. The company also is contributing $80,000 through the British Red Cross for relief efforts in the wider Caribbean region – specifically Haiti, Cuba, Jamaica and the Dominican Republic – where Sandy initially made landfall.  GSK is also matching dollar-for-dollar all employee contributions to the Red Cross and other relief organizations in the US. 


GODIVA


GODIVA has committed to donate $100,000 to American Red Cross Disaster Relief to help communities impacted by Hurricane Sandy. The company has also encouraged friends and employees to donate through a link on its website, emails and via social media.


Goldman Sachs


The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. announced that the firm and Goldman Sachs Gives will donate $5 million to Hurricane Sandy clean up and recovery efforts, and the firm will provide $5 million in loans to small businesses impacted by Hurricane Sandy. 


Goya Foods


Goya Foods, America's largest Hispanic-owned food company, donates over 300,000 pounds of Goya products and over 25,000 meals to victims of Hurricane Sandy in New York and New Jersey.  


Grainger


W.W. Grainger, Inc. committed $100,000 to the American Red Cross Hurricanes 2012 Disaster Relief Fund. The company is also matching all eligible employee donations for relief through its three-to-one Matching Charitable Gifts Program.


Groupon


Our response to Sandy focuses on long-term recovery of Groupon merchants and the small business community. We’ve launched a Groupon Grassroots fundraising campaign for Accion to provide small business recovery microloans (www.groupon.com/sandy). We referred merchants to relief and recovery resources through the Disaster Help Desk powered by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. We’ll continue to assess the needs of our merchants in impacted areas, call to check-in, and in some cases just provide some moral support.


Hanes


Hanes donated $1 million worth of Hanes and Champion fleece sweatshirts and sweatpants and women's and men's underwear that Fashion Delivers will distribute in the region.


The Hartford


The Hartford announced a $250,000 contribution to the American Red Cross disaster relief efforts in support of those affected by Storm Sandy.


Hasbro


Hasbro, Inc. announced that it has provided $100,000 in combined grant support through the Hasbro Children’s Fund to the American Red Cross, World Vision and Feeding America to support their relief efforts following Hurricane Sandy. Additionally, over 10,000 games have been donated to shelters along the east coast. Hasbro also donated a cargo plane filled with thousands of toys and games  to help the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation assist children still living with destruction from Superstorm Sandy. The donation made by Hasbro included over 36,000 toys and games valued at approximately $450,000 to help Toys for Tots deliver holiday joy to families in communities hardest hit by the storm.


Haven Savings Bank


Haven Savings Bank officials handed over a $250,000 check to the Rebuild Hoboken Relief Fund today for Hoboken residents and businesses struggling to recover from Superstorm Sandy.


Henry Schein


Henry Schein, Inc., the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, medical and animal health practitioners, today announced that the Company, its supplier partners and the Henry Schein Cares Foundation have committed to donate more than $1 million in essential health care supplies and cash to local relief organizations and communities affected by Hurricane Sandy, which struck areas of the Northeastern United States on October 29.  


Hess


Hess Corporation announced that is has donated $5 million to relief efforts in New York and New Jersey following Hurricane Sandy. “We are deeply concerned about the welfare of all the people who are suffering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy,” said John B. Hess, Chairman and CEO of Hess Corporation. “To support the relief efforts, we are donating $2.5 million to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City under the direction of Mayor Michael Bloomberg and $2.5 million to New Jersey under the direction of Governor Chris Christie. We are grateful for the heroic efforts of emergency personnel and all those who have responded to this tragedy.”


Hilton Worldwide


Through our guest-loyalty program, Hilton HHonors, we are partnering with GlobalGiving to aid in recovery efforts. From now until December 31, 2012 members will receive 10 HHonors Bonus Points for every $1 USD donated. In addition, we're matching all donations up to $100,000 USD.


Holland & Knight


Holland & Knight donated $101,888 to the American Red Cross. 


The Home Depot Foundation


The Home Depot Foundation donated $1 million to the immediate relief, recovery and rebuilding efforts in the Northeast in the wake of the widespread damage by Superstorm Sandy. Donations are immediately being issued to the Red Cross, Team Rubicon, and Operation Homefront. Team Depot, the company’s associate-led volunteer force, is also working with local authorities and nonprofit groups to assess damage and mobilize volunteers for cleanup activities.


Honda


Honda is doing everything it can to assist in the relief. In addition to pledging $500,000.00 cash earmarked for the hardest hit areas in care of the American Red Cross directly, Honda is establishing a donation network throughout the Honda/Acura family.


Honeywell


Honeywell announced it is donating more than $600,000 in first responder products to aid in relief and recovery efforts in areas devastated by Hurricane Sandy.


Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey


The Foundation Board of Directors approved the following disaster relief grants: $250,000 – Foundation grant to American Red Cross Northern New Jersey Chapter, $250,000 – Foundation grant to Salvation Army New Jersey Division, $100,000 – Foundation grant to Community FoodBank of New Jersey, and a $100,000 - Foundation grant to Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund.
The Foundation also allocated $300,000 to match employee donations to these organizations on a three-to-one basis. 


Hormel Foods


Hormel Foods Corporation announced a donation of four semi-trailer loads of product to assist with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The donation includes two semi-trailers of Hormel® Compleats® microwave meals, which is about 110,400 meals and two semi-trailers of Hormel®pizza toppings white chicken cuts, which is approximately 156,000 packs, to Feeding America food banks to aid in relief efforts for the areas impacted by the October 29 hurricane.


Houghton Mifflin Harcourt


To support the recovery efforts in areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy, global education leader Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH) has pledged its help to schools, public libraries and community organizations in affected regions. HMH has committed in excess of $1 million in total relief support, including cash and book donations, as well as discounted products to replace books and materials lost in the storm.


HMS Holdings Corp.


HMS Holdings Corp. donated $25,000 to the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund. The fund will help New Jersey citizens rebuild after the devastation caused by the storm.


HSBC


Recognizing the unprecedented damage and recovery challenges presented in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, HSBC USA (HSBC)  announced a $1 million commitment in support of the disaster recovery efforts. This includes a donation of $500,000 to the American Red Cross in Greater New York. HSBC will also match dollar for dollar all employee donations to disaster relief efforts through its existing employee giving program, as well as working with community partners who provide emergency housing and financial assistance in the storm-impacted areas.

Humana

The Humana Foundation, the philanthropic arm of Humana Inc., has pledged up to $200,000 to support relief efforts on the East Coast related to Hurricane Sandy.


Hunter Douglas


Hunter Douglas, the leading manufacturer and marketer of custom window fashions in North America, announced that it has created the Hunter Douglas Hurricane Sandy Relief & Recovery Fund.  The Company will make an initial donation of $100,000 and, in addition to that $100,000, will match every employee donation on a dollar-for-dollar basis up to $250,000.


Huntington Ingalls


Huntington Ingalls Industries announced that it has donated $50,000 to the American Red Cross' Disaster Relief Fund. The money will help provide food, shelter, supplies and comfort to the people affected by Hurricane Sandy.


IBM


IBM has pledged $1,400,000 in consulting services and technology to city agencies and nonprofits affected by Hurricane Sandy. The donation includes physical assessments of damaged IT; business consulting for new relief fund; and seminars on our SME Toolkit for struggling small businesses.  Consulting on analytics for infrastructure recovery; nonprofit resiliency; and volunteer management. IBM also donated technology including IBM SmartCloud, servers, and 200+ Young Explorers with educational software (English and Spanish) for use in shelters and schools (training included). IBM Trauma Guides distributed. Activated Jobs4Recovery.com, which is a free service provided by the Business Civic Leadership Center and IBM to give easy access to job opportunities in U.S. communities affected by natural disasters. 


ING


ING U.S. is encouraging its employees to donate to Hurricane Sandy disaster-relief efforts. The company's ING Foundation will be matching employee contributions to the American Red Cross, and a portion of its contribution to AmeriCares will assist with the disaster-relief efforts.


IKEA


IKEA has provided the American Red Cross with more than $450,000 of in-kind donations to be used in shelters across New York and New Jersey. This includes more than 40,000 blankets, pillows and pillowcases, bath towels and wash clothes. IKEA has also provided long-time charitable partner, Save the Children, with items to help kids temporarily hunkered down in shelters feel more comfortable.


Infiniti


In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, Infiniti announced it will offer employee pricing and special financing with deferred payments to people in the designated FEMA disaster area who have an insurance claim on their current vehicle due to the storm.


Intel


The Intel Foundation is matching employee donations with a 1:1 match, up to $2,000 per employee to help with the devastation caused by Superstorm Sandy.


JCP


JCP is making a significant investment to support the Red Cross in the Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts.
We are investing $250,000 in the recovery, and invite you to join us by making a tax-deductible donation to the American Red Cross today.


Jefferies


Jefferies announced a total donation of $4.5 million to 23 organizations providing immediate help to victims of Hurricane Sandy. The firm's clients helped to generate over $3.0 million in donations through global net trading commissions on November 7th. Jefferies also contributed $1 million directly, and voluntary donations from the firm's 3,814 employee-partners totaled another $500,000.


JetBlue


JetBlue partnered with Red Cross to match $50,000 in customer donations. Customers earn 6 TrueBlue points for every $1 donated. Visit http://jetbluegives.org/. JetBlue sponsored14 food trucks in lower Manhattan and the Rockaways. Worked with Borough Presidents office to assess community needs and response. Providing basic water, drinks and JetBlue Eat Up Boxes and 2 food carts. AmeriCares and Feed America to recieve in-kind of 100,000 TrueBlue travel points for responder teams and donation of $5,000.


John Hancock


John Hancock Financial donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to support communities affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Johnson & Johnson


Johnson & Johnson has committed more than $5 million in product and financial support to relief efforts and we are putting additional resources and processes in place to quickly funnel aid to those most affected by the storm. Against difficult odds, employees throughout North America have been working to ensure that our customers have the products they need. Whether they are in distribution centers or the field, Johnson & Johnson employees have worked tirelessly to supply hospitals, pharmacies and retailers with what their patients and customers need.


JM Eagle


JM Eagle, the world's largest manufacturer of plastic pipe, has announced that it will donate $1 million dollars to the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund, which was established by Governor Chris Christie to aid, comfort and rebuild New Jersey.


JPMorgan Chase


JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced that following the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, the company will offer extensive relief across the firm to its customers and the local communities impacted. The firm’s pledged relief will include: $2 million to the American Red Cross for emergency response; $1 million in matched funds for employee donations to the American Red Cross, WorldVision and the United Way, also for immediate relief efforts; Up to $2 million in donations to local agencies for recovery efforts including counseling, temporary housing, cash assistance and access to social services.


Kellogg


Kellogg announced a $500,000 commitment to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The donation included a $250,000 cash contribution from Kellogg's Corporate Citizenship Fund (KCCF) to the American Red Cross and $250,000 in food to Feeding America, the nation's largest hunger-relief charity. 


Kenneth & Co.


Kenneth & Co. has donated nearly 60,000 Ken Paves SelfHelp hair care products to World Vision to be distributed to Hurricane Sandy survivors in the greater New York area.


Kia Motors


Kia Motors America donated $500,000 to the American Red Cross to aid the Hurricane Sandy relief efforts and provide much needed food and supplies to affected communities throughout the Eastern Seaboard of the United States.


Kohl's


Kohl’s Department Stores announced a $1 million cash donation toward Hurricane Sandy relief efforts along the East Coast. Kohl’s is providing this donation to the American Red Cross, which is delivering much-needed emergency supplies and services in the hurricane-impacted areas.


Lacoste


Lacoste has donated $100,000 in apparel to victims of Hurricane Sandy. 


Land's End


Lands' End today announced plans to partner with the American Red Cross to donate nearly 9,000 winter weather items to the victims of Hurricane Sandy, with a retail value over $600,000. This afternoon, a team of Lands' End employees will load boxes of winter coats, boots and blankets into a 53-foot semi truck headed for the East Coast.


Lannett Company


Lannett Company, Inc. announced that it has made a donation to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Levi Strauss


To assist with the disaster relief efforts, the Levi Strauss Foundation has committed a total of $100,000 to the American Red Cross and grassroots organizations in affected areas. In addition, the foundation is double-matching our employees donations to disaster relief.


Liberty Power


Liberty Power, the nation's largest independent retail electric supplier,  announced it has donated $25,000 to the American Red Cross in support of the victims of Hurricane Sandy.


Limited Brands


Limited Brands, Inc., parent company of Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works, donated $1 million to Hurricane Sandy relief. $500,000 was donated to the American Red Cross for immediate assistance and an additional $500,000 will be designated for organizations working on rebuilding efforts.


L.L. Bean


L.L.Bean announced today a $150,000 commitment to relief efforts for children and families severely impacted by Hurricane Sandy.  Funds are being donated to Save the Children, an organization that provides families with food, supplies and medical care and helps communities rebuild through long-term recovery programs. 


Long & Foster


In the wake of the recent devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, The Long & Foster® Companies, Inc. – which includes Long & Foster® Real Estate, Inc., the largest independently held residential real estate company in the United States – announced a partnership with the American Red Cross to offer a company-wide donation matching program of up to $25,000 to support ongoing needs caused by the storm.  


Lora's Laces Yarn


Lora's Laces Yarn raised over $2200 for Feeding America in the wake of Sandy.


L’Oréal USA


L’Oréal USA is committed to helping those affected by Hurricane Sandy. The company has pledged an initial $50,000 donation to the American Red Cross and enacted an employee matching gift program for three organizations including: The American Red Cross, The Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City and the Community FoodBank of New Jersey. 


Los Angeles Lakers


The Los Angeles Lakers announced they will donate $50,000 and will match donations up to an additional $50,000 from its fans to the American Red Cross.


Lowe's


Lowe's announced it will donate $1 million to disaster relief and rebuilding efforts in communities affected by Hurricane Sandy. Lowe's will work with its national nonprofit partners to provide both immediate and long-term support to local communities across the Northeast. As part of the $1 million pledge and to help raise awareness for hurricane victims, Lowe's matched the earnings of five-time Sprint Cup champion Jimmie Johnson from Sunday's NASCAR race at Texas Motor Speedway, with a minimum donation of $250,000 to the American Red Cross. Johnson and Hendrick Motorsports together will donate an additional $48,000 to the Red Cross. 


Macy's


Customers in all Macy's stores nationwide can contribute $1.00 or more to hurricane recovery efforts. Contributions can be made at the registers in all Macy's stores and online at www.macys.com. Contributions will be accepted through Nov. 30, 2012. The company will match customer donations on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to $500,000, in an effort to give more than $1 million. All funds will be donated to the American Red Cross.


Madison Square Garden Company


The Madison Square Garden Company will donate $500,000 towards Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts, it announced Friday, and host a telethon on the MSG Network to support relief efforts. 


Marathon Petroleum


Marathon Petroleum Corporation announced that it will donate $250,000 to the American Red Cross to provide disaster relief in communities that are recovering from Hurricane Sandy. MPC will also donate more than 119,000 MREs (meals-ready-to-eat) to Feeding America, which will distribute the food to victims in the affected region.  


Maritz


Maritz has donated $20,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to aid the victims of Hurricane Sandy and encouraged employees who want to help to consider donating directly to the American Red Cross or another reputable organization of choice. Also directed employees to The Better Business Bureau Wise Giving Alliance web site for general advice about how to vet charities.


Marriott


In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, Marriott International, Inc. and The J. Willard & Alice S. Marriott Foundation, the Marriott family's private foundation, announced they will each contribute $250,000 for a total donation of $500,000 to hurricane relief.  Half will be donated to the American Red Cross to help meet immediate community needs that will broadly benefit Marriott associates, their families, friends and neighbors.  An additional $250,000 is earmarked for longer-term recovery efforts.  


Marsh & McLennan Companies


Marsh & McLennan Companies will donate up to $500,000 to assist in relief efforts. We will make direct contributions of $100,000 each to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City, grass-roots recovery efforts in the state of New Jersey, and the American Red Cross. In addition, the Company will match all colleague donations, up to a total of $100,000, to the Red Cross.


MassMutual


Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company announced it will donate $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund in response to the devastating impacts of Hurricane Sandy.


MasterCard


MasterCard committed $300,000 to the American Red Cross for disaster recovery. In addition to the corporate donation, MasterCard will offer a 2-for-1 match on employee donations, and waive interchange fees on U.S. domestic MasterCard transactions through November 30th. The following organizations will benefit; American Red Cross, AmeriCares, Habitat for Humanity, Save the Children and World Vision.


M&T Bank


M&T Bank announced that it will make a contribution of $250,000 to the American Red Cross to assist victims of Hurricane Sandy. 


Mattel


Mattel provides an annual donation as a committed partner to American Red Cross and Save the Children to support their disaster preparedness and relief efforts. In addition, pre-planned toy donations allow for Mattel toys to be in the Save the Children Safe Spaces in shelters throughout the region. The Mattel Children's Foundation also opened its Matching Gifts Program to all disaster relief donations being made by employees globally and encouragee employees to donate.


Maxfield & Oberton


Maxfield & Oberton announced that the company will donate $38,000 to the Red Cross to benefit victims of Superstorm Sandy.


MAXIMUS


MAXIMUS, a leading provider of government services worldwide, announced that the MAXIMUS Foundation has made a donation of $40,000 in employee contributions and corporate matching funds to the American Red Cross to support its response to disaster relief from Superstorm Sandy.


Mazda North America


Mazda North American Operations announced a $100,000 contribution to the American Red Cross to support relief efforts for victims of Hurricane Sandy.


McDonald's


McDonald's Corporation announced it willcontribute to Hurricane Sandy disaster relief efforts with a donationof 500,000 to the American Red Cross.


Mead Johnson


Mead Johnson has committed to donating $200,000 of our products to meet the needs of storm victims.


Medtronic


Medtronic, Inc. announced a grant of $250,000 from the Medtronic Foundation to the American Red Cross to support relief efforts in areas affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Mercedes-Benz


Mercedes-Benz USA (MBUSA) announced today that it will be donating one million dollars to the American Red Cross in support toward disaster relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. 


Merck


The Merck Company Foundation contributed $500,000 earlier this year to the American Red Cross Disaster Giving Program, and in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, made an additional $250,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy disaster relief efforts. In addition to its ongoing matching program for employee donations to qualifying organizations, Merck launched a Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief employee giving site with the American Red Cross and will match all employee donations. 


MetLife


MetLife, Inc. announced that MetLife Foundation will make a $1 million contribution toward relief and rebuilding efforts, including $500,000 to the American Red Cross and $500,000 to support long-term recovery needs. The company also announced that the Foundation will match up to $125,000 of employee contributions made to the American Red Cross.


Miami Dolphins


Stephen Ross, the Miami Dolphins and Related Companies are donating $500,000 to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. Ross serves as the Chairman of the Board and Managing General Partner of the Miami Dolphins and is the Chairman and Founder of Related Companies, which is headquartered in New York City.


Michael Foods


Michael Foods has announced it will match up to $10,000 any donations made by Michael Foods employees to the American Red Cross to assist with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. All donations made by December 20th will be eligible for the Company match.


Microsoft


Microsoft has been supporting our employees in the region, while our Disaster Response team has been providing support and services for first responders, nonprofit relief agencies, customers and partners, and citizens impacted by Hurricane Sandy. From a corporate perspective, we have committed cash donations to the American Red Cross and the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City along with in-kind donations of software, hardware and services to support relief efforts, altogether totaling $2.5 million.


Mitsubishi Financial Group


Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group wishes to expresses its deepest sympathy for people who were affected by Hurricane Sandy along the East Coast. To provide assistance to those who were impacted, and to contribute to the recovery of affected areas, five firms in the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group family will together make a charitable donation totaling $500,000.


Mitsui & Co.


Mitsui & Co. (U.S.A.), Inc. on behalf of Mitsui Americas, announced  a $50,000 contribution to aid recovery and relief efforts in response to Hurricane Sandy.
Mitsui USA will contribute $50,000 to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City, which is dispersing one hundred percent of donations to organizations providing storm relief to support immediate needs, including water, food and personal supplies as well as long-term relief and restoration efforts to help New York City recover from the storm.


Mizuho Financial Group


Mizuho Financial Group made donations totaling $300,000 including $150,000 to the American Red Cross and $150,000 to the United Way of New York City’s Hurricane Sandy Recovery Fund to help people and communities impacted by Hurricane Sandy.


MLB


Major League Baseball announced Friday that in conjunction with the Major League Baseball Players' Association a donation of $1 million is being made to benefit the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army and Feeding America to assist in the efforts being made to help those affected most by the storm.


MonaVie


MonaVie, a global leader in nutrition products, and MORE Project, MonaVie’s charitable arm, shipped 75,000 of its RVL Nutritional Bars to Feeding America, the largest domestic hunger relief organization in the nation, to distribute to victims and volunteers affected by Hurricane Sandy.


MoneyGram


In support of Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts, MoneyGram, a leading global money transfer company, announced a series of measures to help the American Red Cross relief services. MoneyGram will make a $1 donation per transaction up to $200,000 to the American Red Cross for each money transfer sent in November to areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy.


Morgan Stanley


Morgan Stanley announced that the Firm will match employees’ total contributions up to the level of $2.5 million and make a minimum contribution to the Red Cross of $1 million. This contribution is in addition to the Firm’s annual $250,000 gift to the Red Cross's Annual Disaster Giving Program, which provides immediate funds for short-term relief in all disasters.


Motorola Mobility 


The Motorola Mobility Foundation has announced it will make a $100,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support hurricane relief efforts. The company will also be matching employee donations up to $25,000. 


Nationwide Insurance


As efforts are underway across the northeast to clean-up the massive damage that resulted from Sandy, Nationwide Insurance is joining forces with the American Red Cross to support the people in these communities that have endured tremendous loss. The Nationwide Insurance Foundation announced a $300,000 donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to aid the growing number of families in need.


NASCAR


NASCAR has initiated a support plan to help the relief efforts on and off the track in a relationship with the best fans in sports, and in a collective push to help those in need. The organization's efforts include PSA's to begin airing Saturday, Nov. 3, through the race weekend in Phoenix (Nov. 9-11) to drive awareness of the call to action and auction items; support through The NASCAR Foundation and NASCAR's social media channels; a portion of NASCAR Unites band sales on NASCAR.COM and at the track for a designated time frame will benefit the disaster relief efforts.


NBA


The National Basketball Association (NBA) and the National Basketball Players Association (NBPA) announced that they are making a commitment of $1 million to the Red Cross and other organizations, including The Salvation Army, New York Cares and Jersey Cares, that have mobilized to assist the people and communities affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Nestle Waters


In the wake of Hurricane Sandy, Nestle Waters North America has provided 5.4 million bottles of water to FEMA for relief efforts. NWNA is also donating 200,000 bottles of Poland Spring® water that had been designated for the NYC Marathon. This brings total bottled water donations by NWNA to more than 775,000 bottles, most of which have by distributed through disaster relief partners AmeriCares and The American Red Cross.


Neways


Neways announced  that it will make an initial donation of over $100,000 in retail products to families and communities affected by Hurricane Sandy. The company will partner with Feed the Children , its national disaster-relief organization of choice, to ship and distribute personal care items to families on the U.S East Coast.


New York Daily News


The New York Mets have joined the Daily News' disaster relief fund, lending major league support to assist the countless New Yorkers whose lives were devastated by Hurricane Sandy. Mets Chief Operating Officer Jeff Wilpon told The News Sunday that the team is thrilled to join the fund, kicked off by the paper's $100,000 contribution Saturday.


New York Giants


The New York Giants donated $500,000 to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The gesture comes almost a week after the NFL pledged $1 million.


New York Life


New York Life has made a $1 million commitment to disaster relief and recovery from Hurricane Sandy, and implementing an unlimited matching gift program for employees, agents and retirees to support the American National Red Cross and Feeding America. 


New York Red Bulls


The New York Red Bulls announced before their Eastern Conference semifinal on Thursday night that they would donate half the gate revenue from the game to relief efforts in the wake of superstorm Sandy. A donation from Thursday night's game starting at $250,000 will be split among the American Red Cross, the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund and The Mayor's NYC Fund for Hurricane Relief.


The New York Yankees


The Yankees announced they will donate $500,000 to the American Red Cross to support the relief efforts in the Tri-State area associated with Hurricane Sandy. 


News Corporation


News Corporation donated $1 million to help victims of Hurricane Sandy, which has caused enormous damage on the East Coast this week, the company said Wednesday. The donation was divided into $500,000 for the Mayor's Fund for NYC, and another $500,000 for relief in New Jersey.


NFL


The NFL and the players' union are combining to donate $1 million to the American Red Cross to help in the recovery efforts in the Northeast after Hurricane Sandy.


Nordstrom


Nordstrom has supported relief efforts in our communities through a $200,000 donation to the American Red Cross.


Norfolk Southern


The Norfolk Southern Foundation is made a gift of $100,000 to the American Red Cross in support of Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts.


Northern Trust


Northern Trust announced it has designated $150,000 to Superstorm Sandy relief efforts through the American Red Cross. It also has committed to match employee donations worldwide to the American Red Cross, British Red Cross and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.


Northwestern Mutual 


Northwestern Mutual through its Foundation, announced a $100,000 grant to the American Red Cross – and is challenging its 5,000 employees and 18,000 members of its network offices to match the gift dollar-for-dollar by donating through its Red Cross website. The charitable donation builds upon a two-year $500,000 Northwestern Mutual Foundation grant announced in July to strengthen the American Red Cross' Disaster Responder Program.


Nu Skin Enterprises


In the wake of the devastation caused by hurricane weather on the East Coast of the United States and Caribbean, Nu Skin Enterprises announced that it is supporting the relief efforts with an initial donation of more than $400,000 in cash and in-kind donations.


NYSE Euronext


NYSE Euronext hascommitted $250,000 in immediate disaster recovery assistance, including a $200,000 contribution to the American Red Cross to provide relief services throughout the tri-state community; and $50,000 in matching funds to a newly-established NYX Cares/Hurricane Sandy Employee Relief Fund to provide assistance to employees impacted by the storm. Additinally, employees are providing volunteer service and collecting necessary supplies for hurricane victims.


The Office Depot Foundation


The Office Depot Foundation announced that it will donate 25,000 kid-friendly sackpacks and $30,000 to help children, families and pets in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and other areas affected by the massive storm. Office Depot also activated the National Disaster Help Desk for Business (1-888-MY-BIZ-HELP) to help small businesses recover from the effects of Hurricane Isaac. Businesses can call the Help Desk for personalized recovery resources.


OfficeMax


In response to the extraordinary damage caused to the eastern seaboard by Hurricane Sandy, OfficeMax® Incorporated (NYSE: OMX), a leader in office and facility supplies, technology and services, announced it is extending support to the thousands of people still without electricity by providing free in-store charging stations, fax, scan and email services to help those affected stay connected and get back to business. Additionally, the company has partnered with nonprofit AdoptAClassroom.org to launch the Hurricane Relief for Teachers (HuRT) program to help restore damaged classrooms along the east coast.


OluKai


OluKai has donated about 700 pairs of closed toed shoes (valued at over $85,000) as well as financial support to stores and retail shops to which OluKai is connected that have suffered structural damage (minimum of $15,000) from the storm.


OMRON


The OMRON Foundation, Inc. made a donation to the American Red Cross Hurricane 2012 Fund in the amount of $20,000 to assist Hurricane Sandy victims through the Red Cross disaster relief and recovery efforts.  


Optics Laboratory


Optics™ Laboratorydonated the company's eye health products valued at $62,000 to Hurricane Sandy relief and rebuilding efforts in the aftermath of the storm. A total of approximately 25,000 units of Optics Laboratory products OcuFresh® Eye Wash and Mini Drops® Lubricant Eye Drops is being delivered to Occupy Sandy Recovery.


Orlando Magic


In an effort to assist in the rebuilding and recovery process of those affected by Hurricane Sandy, the Orlando Magic has donated $25K to the Red Cross. In addition, the Magic will recognize those impacted by the storm through in-game player messages as well as raise awareness through player PSAs, social media and the team’s website, orlandomagic.com, to encourage support of the Red Cross. 


Paychex


Paychex Inc., a national payroll and human resource provider headquartered in Rochester, presented a check for $10,000 to John Buttrill, regional CEO of the American Red Cross, during Wednesday’s telethon with WHEC-TV 10. Including the Paychex donation, the telethon raised over $32,000.


Philips 66


Phillips 66 is providing fuel products to wholesale customers in the Northeast, preparing to restore operations at its Bayway Refinery, and continuing cleanup efforts in response to an oil spill caused by Hurricane Sandy.  


PenFactory.com


PenFactory.com, a leader in affordable custom ink pens, announced it is partnering with the American Red Cross for disaster relief efforts. As part of the collaboration, Pen Factory plans to donate its sales proceeds to the organization, in support of those affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company


The Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company has made a donation of $50,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund in an effort to support communities affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Pernod Richard


Pernod Ricard USA, the premium spirits and wine company in the U.S., today announced a $100,000 contribution to the American Red Cross to fund donations of bottled water and other needed supplies for those affected by Hurricane Sandy. 


Pepco Holdings


Pepco Holdings committed $80,000 total to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts in each of Pepco Holding's three service territories: Atlantic City Electric, Delmarva Power, and Pepco. The donation will help aid the Red Cross in providing critical assistance in the wake of the storm. The amount for each region is based on Sandy's impact in the respective communities.


Pfizer


The Pfizer Foundation is committing $1 million to disaster relief/recovery efforts from the effects of Hurricane Sandy. 
The Foundation intends to make grants to organizations that broadly support and assist those that have been impacted by the hurricane, with a focus on the hardest-hit areas in NY, NJ and CT.


PG&E


Power crews from PG&E in are heading east and offering their services to homes and businesses affected Hurricane Sandy.
As part of a nationwide utility mutual aid effort, the company sent dozens of trucks and 150 crew members to help out on the East Coast just after midnight Wednesday.


Phillips 66


Phillips 66  made a contribution of $500,000 to the American Red Cross to assist local disaster relief operations following Hurricane Sandy. The company also matched individual employee contributions through its Matching Gift Program. Additionally, Phillips 66 is supporting affected employees by offering financial assistance to those who have experienced significant damage to their homes.


PNC Foundation


The PNC Foundation announced that it will donate $150,000 to the American Red Cross and $150,000 to the Salvation Army for relief efforts in areas affected by Hurricane Sandy.  The foundation also will match PNC employee contributions to the American Red Cross, Salvation Army and Americorps up to a total of $150,000.


Propur


Steve Steinway, CEO of Propur™ Water Purification Systems donated 12 Propur™ KING water purification systems (valued at $5000) to the Oceanside Fire District in New York for disbursement to District fire stations in need of clean water.


Prudential 


Prudential Financial, Inc. announced that it is donating $3 million through The Prudential Foundation to non-profit organizations assisting in the immediate relief and recovery efforts for victims of Hurricane Sandy. These include the Community FoodBank of New Jersey, The Salvation Army, the American Red Cross and other organizations. In addition, Prudential will match employees' personal contributions to non-profit organizations delivering relief efforts and services in the communities affected by the hurricane.


PSEG


The PSEG Foundation is making an immediate $50,000 grant to the American Red Cross to assist customers in our New Jersey service territory with temporary shelter, food and other assistance. In addition, the PSEG Foundation will contribute another $ 50,000 in total to organizations supporting recovery efforts in local New Jersey communities.  We will be working with FEMA to identify organizations to benefit from these grants.


PVH Corp. 


Manny Chirico, Chairman and CEO of PVH Corp.,announced that a $1 Million gift was made to help support Hurricane Sandy relief and rebuilding efforts in the Tri-state area in the aftermath of the storm. This gift will be split between the American Red Cross, the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City and the Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund.


RadioShack


RadioShack announced a $50,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The donation helped cover costs of shelter, food, recovery and other assistance to families affected by the storm.


Polo Ralph Lauren


Ralph Lauren, Chairman and CEO of Ralph Lauren Corporation, today announced a $2 million gift to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. As part of the $2 million gift, the Ralph and Ricky Lauren Family Foundation is donating $1 million to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City to help address immediate needs of New Yorkers as well as long-term relief efforts. Ralph Lauren Corporation, through the Polo Ralph Lauren Foundation, is donating the other $1 million to relief efforts, dividing the money between the Robin Hood Relief Fund, the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund and to local organizations for relief and rebuilding efforts in New Jersey, Connecticut, Long Island and Westchester County.


Rite Aid


Rite Aid announced that The Rite Aid Foundation will donate $100,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to help the victims, families and communities affected by Hurricane Sandy. In addition, Rite Aid will work closely with the American Red Cross to assess specific needs for other donations of emergency supplies.


Regis Corporation


Regis Corporation  is mobilizing efforts to help its team members and guests affected by Hurricane Sandy. The company announced today that it is working with its disaster aid partner to deliver haircare products to impacted areas. Regis is also donating funds to the American Red Cross to help with relief efforts.


Reynolds American


Reynolds American Inc. announced that the Reynolds American Foundation will donate $140,000 to the American Red Cross to help provide relief to victims of Hurricane Sandy that hit the east coast of the United States.


Rockwell Automation


Rockwell Automation has committed $100,000 to the American Red Cross to fund Sandy disaster relief efforts. Customers, partners, media and employees attending our Automation Fair in Philadelphia Nov 14-15 will get a chance to help. We made a $50,000 contribution to the Red Cross of Southeastern Wisconsin, and another $50,000 has been committed to the Red Cross of Southeastern Pennsylvania to use as a challenge match incentive for Automation Fair attendees.


Rogers Corporation


Rogers Corporation announced it has made a $20,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support its Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Ross Stores


California-based Ross Stores, Inc. assisted with disaster relief and recovery efforts related to Hurricane Sandy with a cash contribution of $250,000 to the American Red Cross.


Safelite AutoGlass


Safelite AutoGlass® locations in the northeast are operational and available to help with vehicle glass repair or replacement needs resulting from Hurricane Sandy. The company has deployed 23 additional technicians to New York and New Jersey in addition to its more than 50 facilities.


Saks


Years ago, Saks established an Associate Relief Fund to aid associates and their families affected by disasters like Hurricane Sandy. We have made a meaningful incremental donation to this fund in response to Sandy and will also match associate donations made to the Fund. 
 
In addition, Saks is making a corporate contribution to the American Red Cross in support of Sandy recovery efforts. We are proud to support the Red Cross throughout the year.


SalvageData Recovery


 SalvageData Recovery, the nation's leading ISO-9001 and SOC 3-secure certified data recovery expert, is offering assistance to all residents of the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions affected by Hurricane Sandy. The company is now offering up to $1,000 aid on the complete support package, which includes free shipping to SalvageData, free hard drive recovery evaluation, insurance documentation support, and complementary media storage for the recovered data lost during the hurricane.


Samsung


Samsung Electronics North America announced that it will be donating $3 million to help residents on the East Coast who were affected by Hurricane Sandy. Samsung has pledged $3 million to the American Red Cross through ABC Television’s “Day of Giving.”


Scripps Networks Interactive


Scripps Networks Interactive – the parent company of Food Network, Cooking Channel, HGTV, DIY Network, Travel Channel and Great American Country – announced a corporate donation of $250,000 to the American Red Cross to provide shelter, food, emotional support and other assistance to those affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Sempra Energy


Sempra Energy Foundation pledged $50,000 in disaster-relief assistance funds to East Coast storm victims. In support of Sempra Energy companies' employee giving efforts, the Foundation also will be matching up to an additional $50,000 in employee donations, bringing the total potential donation to $150,000 by the Foundation and company employees. 


Shell


Shell and Motiva have provided both financial support and gasoline supplies to support relief and recovery efforts of Hurricane Sandy. Its $250,000 contribution to nonprofit organizations include support to the Corporation for National and Community Service, which mobilizes and deploys skilled volunteers to provide continuity and valuable recovery support. In addition, through the corporate match program, employee and retiree contributions to American Red Cross and other nonprofits providing relief and recovery efforts will be matched.


Simpson Strong-Tie


Simpson Strong-Tie is donating $25,000 to the American Red Cross to assist in relief efforts throughout the East Coast. The contribution was made directly to the organization's Disaster Relief Fund and will help provide food, shelter, support, and other assistance to those affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Societe Generale


Societe Generale announces it will donate $200,000 divided equally between the American Red Cross and The Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City to support these organizations as they provide essential relief to the communities that have sustained crippling damage from Hurricane Sandy.


SOFTBANK


SOFTBANK Group. announced it will donate $500,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to support ongoing relief efforts in areas affected by Hurricane Sandy. Within the amount of $500,000, $400,000 will be donated by SOFTBANK CORP. and $100,000 will be donated by its U.S subsidiary, SOFTBANK Holdings Inc. In addition, SOFTBANK will also be making donations from its employees.


Southern California Edison


Southern California Edison, its customers and SCE’s parent company, Edison International, are helping Superstorm Sandy victims with three powerful philanthropy initiatives with funds from shareholders, not SCE customers: Customers can help raise money without spending a dime. Through SCE’s “Every Click Counts” campaign, the company will donate $1 for every new “like” on SCE’s Facebook page (www.facebook.com/SCE) and for each new follower on SCE’s main Twitter feed (www.twitter.com/SCE). The goal is to donate up to $20,000 to American Red Cross relief efforts. Edison International has set up a special program that will match donations from employees to the American Red Cross up to $25,000. This is a way to enhance the $1.5 million commitment that Edison International made to the Red Cross in 2012. Five SCE employees trained by the Red Cross flew to New York on Friday. For the next week, they will help to provide temporary shelter and meals to displaced families. Members of the team range in age from 35 to 55 and come from the communities of Cerritos, Paramount, Pico Rivera, Rosemead and Santa Clarita. Their professional backgrounds include information technology, environmental safety and communications.

Southwest Airlines

Southwest Airlines is a proud sponsor of the American Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program. In addition, we have activated a link to our ARC donations micro site to encourage both Customer and Employee donations. We are also hosting a blood drive at our HDQ in Dallas this week to help the Red Cross replenish lost supplies. Southwest also supports All Hands Volunteers and will be sharing volunteer opportunities for Employees interested in volunteering.


Sovereign-Santander


Sovereign-Santander donated $250,000 to the American Red Cross to help those who have suffered as a result of the storm and will match up to $500,000 for all donations made in Sovereign-Santander branches by team members and clients of the bank. 


SpareFoot


SpareFoot donated a free month of storage to families and individuals in need of a temporary space to store and protect their belongings.


Sprint


The Sprint Foundation has made a $500,000 donation to the American Red Cross to support its disaster-relief efforts in the areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy, and will match all American Red Cross donations made by Sprint employees, retirees and members of the Sprint board of directors.


Starbucks


The Starbucks Foundation contributed $500,000 to the disaster relief efforts. $250,000 went American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to assist those in need and another $250,000 will be contributed to the United Way Hurricane Sandy Recovery Fund for longer term assistance to the impacted neighborhoods.


StarKist


StarKist Co. announced its commitment to donate more than $89,000 worth of StarKist Flavor Fresh Pouch® products and cans to assist the various communities affected by Hurricane Sandy.  StarKist is donating product to Feeding America, the largest hunger-relief charity in the country, to be distributed to the community centers providing critical aid to those in need. 


State Farm


State Farm provides an annual donation of $1 million to the American Red Cross be used for diasters within the calendar. The company has also committed up to $250,000 in additional aid to non-profit organizations in the impacted regions due to Sandy.


State Street


State Street's Disaster Relief Emergency Assistance Fund (DREAF) made a $500,000 grant to American Red Cross in support of its recovery efforts. 
DREAF is activated following major disasters with the aim of providing immediate support to victims located in the communities in which we operate around the world. DREAF also established a US$250,000 employee matching gift program for all employees who want to contribute.


Sterigenics


Sterigenics International, LLC., a global leader in sterilization services, announced it will donate $65,000 to support disaster relief efforts for victims of Hurricane Sandy. The amount represents a $50 donation on behalf of each of its 1,300 employees worldwide.


Subaru


Subaru has made an initial contribution to the American Red Cross relief efforts. We know recovery will take years, and we will continue to work with our community partners to further support the rebuilding of communities.


Suffolk County National Bank


Suffolk County National Bank, for instance, donated up to $25,000 to the American Red Cross’ “Hurricane Sandy: Help Those in Need” program, including matching donations by its employees, customers and the community at its branches and its own cash donations.


SunTrust


The SunTrust Foundation has announced a $150,000 donation to the Red Cross to assist with its hurricane relief efforts.


Sutter Health


Sutter Health announced a half million dollar donation to the American Red Cross, Capital Region Chapter following the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy on the East Coast this week.


Sutter Home Family Vineyards


Sutter Home Family Vineyards, announced the winery will donate $50,000 to the American Red Cross towards relief efforts to help those impacted by October’s storm.


Target


Target Corp. announced  it has donated $500,000 in monetary support and products to assist with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The donation will include $425,000 in cash and in-kind donations to the American Red Cross, $50,000 in cash donation to the Salvation Army and $25,000 in gift cards to local Target stores to help with community needs.


The Texas Credit Union


The Texas Credit Union Foundation (TCUF) approved a grant of $5,000 for hurricane relief efforts. The National Credit Union Foundation (NCUF) has activated the online disaster relief system, CUAid.coop, to raise money for credit union people along the East Coast affected by Hurricane Sandy.


textPlus


Free mobile communications app textPlus has announced a donation of 10 million in-app minutes to help victims of Hurricane Sandy. The minutes can be used to call loved ones across the country for free from Apple and Android smartphones and connected devices including iPod touch, iPad and tablets. textPlus can be used over WiFi even when cell phone service isn't working.
Read more here: http://www.sacbee.com/2012/11/03/4958977/textplus-donates-10-million-fre...


TD Bank Group


TD Bank Group and the TD Charitable Foundation, funded by TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank®, donated a combined $500,000 to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Thrivent Financial


Thrivent Financial for Lutherans and the Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Foundation have committed up to $1 million to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts as part of a dollar-for-dollar match program. 


Timberland Co.


Timberland Co. of Stratham has donated $10,000 to the American Red Cross to help out with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts.


Time Warner


Time Warner Inc. and its divisions including HBO, Time Inc., Turner Broadcasting System and Warner Bros. today announced a minimum commitment of $1 million to aid in Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. The company will donate $500,000 to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City with another $500,000 to be dispersed to other organizations that are serving victims in the greater Tri-State area.


TJX Companies


This weekend, you can donate to the American Red Cross relief efforts in any of our stores and The TJX Companies will match your donation, dollar-for-dollar, up to $500,000.


Toyota


Toyota announced a $1 million contribution to the American Red Cross and other nonprofit organizations to support relief efforts for victims of Hurricane Sandy in the regions worst-hit by the storm. In addition, Toyota will match employee contributions to the American Red Cross and other non-profits doing relief and recovery work in affected communities.


Toys"R"Us


In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, today the Toys”R”Us Children’s Fund made a $500,000 donation to Save the Children, a global humanitarian organization, to support its initial work and assessment of needs for children and families in evacuation shelters. These funds also helped the organization distribute much-needed items, including hygiene kits, diapers, and baby wipes.


TransCanada


TransCanada Corporation announced today that it is donating up to $250,000 in equipment and cash to help New York speed up recovery efforts following Hurricane Sandy.


The Travelers Companies Inc.


The Travelers Companies, Inc. announced that the company will donate $800,000 to disaster relief efforts in the New York tri-state area in the aftermath of Storm Sandy. Travelers  contributed $200,000 to each of the following organizations: the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, American Red Cross on Long Island, Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund and the American Red Cross of Connecticut. 


Tupperware


Tupperware has aided Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts in 3 distinct ways. $500,000 in Tupperware® products will be donated to the American Red Cross to be distributed at shelters for affected individuals to store valuables and personal effects. Thousands of American Red Cross disaster workers are providing aid and comfort to people affected by Hurricane Sandy.  Shelters are open across multiple states and operations are ramping up as communities become accessible. The Tupperware Brands Foundation Emergency Relief Fund is making grants of up to $1,000 to assist eligible, active members of the Tupperware Sales Force and their immediate families who have been severely affected.  Details on eligibility and an application form will be available on my.tupperware.com. Tupperware Brands Associates, Sales Force Members and customers will be able to donate to the American Red Cross through a  disaster response microsite where Tupperware will match each donation, dollar for dollar, for up to $100,000.


Tyson Foods


Tyson Foods pledged help for the American Red Cross’ relief and recovery efforts for Hurricane Sandy with a corporate match of $100,000 of employee donations that is being collected to support victims from the recent storm.


UBS


In response to the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy, UBS announced that it is committing more than $1.2 million in total financial contributions to aid in long-term relief and rebuilding efforts.


U-Haul


U-Haul International, Inc., offered 30 days free self-storage and U-Box pod moving and self-storage to assist Hurricane Sandy victims. 


Underwriters Labrotories


Underwriters Labrotories is offering free service to businesses/local authorities to conduct safety inspections on water damaged equipment; inspection services to check water contamination; distribution of relevant safety materials on use of generators, food-borne illnesses, restoration of residential/commerical properties after flooding, fire and electrical hazards post natural disasters; donation of $10,000 to the Red Cross and matching donations for all UL employee contributions; onsite blood drives at UL offices and labs across the US; more safety information at www.UL.com/hurricanesandy.


UniFirst Corporation


UniFirst Corporation has donated more than 7,000 fleece jackets, sweatshirts, and other clothing items to victims of Hurricane Sandy.
In addition to the clothing, which has a retail value of nearly $200,000, UniFirst and its employees also donated $6,000 for Red Cross relief efforts, and needed clothing and other items for hurricane victims on Staten Island.


UPS


UPS announced it has pledged $1.5 million in cash and in-kind support to aid in the recovery efforts following the devastation caused by Superstorm Sandy that struck the northeast corridor of the U.S. earlier this week.


UNIQLO


UNIQLO, the global clothing retailer, announced  the creation of a 10-week volunteer and donation program to distribute 100,000 donated items of HEATTECH and 10,000 items of Ultra Light Down jackets to those in regions affected by Hurricane Sandy. The donated HEATTECH items are for men, women and kids and include long-sleeve t-shirts and tights, while the Ultra Light Down jackets and parkas are for men and women. The program will organize volunteers to visit local communities to deliver nearly $2.3 million worth of warm clothing to the New York and New Jersey areas hit hardest by Hurricane Sandy. 


United Airlines


United Airlines announced that it will support the efforts of the American Red Cross, Americares and Feeding America to provide aid to those affected by super storm Sandy on the East Coast and Midwest. The United Airlines Foundation also donated up to a total of $50,000 to match donations from United customers and co-workers to the partner organizations.


UnitedHealth Group


UnitedHealth Group and its benefits and services businesses, UnitedHealthcare and Optum, are donating $1 million to support relief efforts for New York and New Jersey communities devastated by Hurricane Sandy.


United Technologies


United Technologies Corp. today announced contributions in excess of $500,000 to support relief and recovery efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. 
It includes: a $300,000 financial donation to the American Red Cross and a company match; delivery of 10,000 Kidde carbon monoxide alarms to the New York Fire Department. Another 10,000 alarms are expected to be donated to families and businesses in New York and New Jersey in the near future.


The Verizon Foundation


The Verizon Foundation will match $1 million being raised by customers through the Verizon Text to Donate program to the American Red Cross to help provide immediate relief to those impacted by Hurricane Sandy.  Verizon Wirelesscustomers can make a $10 donation by texting REDCROSS to 90999.  To provide additional relief, the Verizon Foundation is also donating $200,000 to nonprofit agencies in New Jersey and New York that are assisting with local efforts.  In addition, the foundation is providing a 2-to-1 match of employeeonline donations to the Red Cross and the Salvation Army.


Viacom


Viacom Inc.  is donating $1 million to help victims of Hurricane Sandy and has set up a program to match up to $1 million in donations from employees.  Viacom  donated $500,000 to the Mayor’s Fund for NYC and $500,000 to local organizations for relief and rebuilding efforts in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York's Westchester County and Long Island, regions. In addition, the company, has set up a $1 million employee matching gift program with The American Red Cross, which will give the conglomerate's employees the opportunity to maximize personal contributions.


Visa


On October 31st, Visa Inc. announced a comprehensive commitment to help those impacted by Hurricane Sandy. To support the immediate relief and recovery efforts, Visa is contributing $300,000 to the American Red Cross. Visa also will match employee donations to disaster relief efforts on a two-to-one basis through the end of November.  As part of Visa’s response, interchange fees on U.S. domestic Visa transactions will be waived through the end of November for a select group of U.S.-based charities providing support to Hurricane Sandy relief efforts, including American Red Cross, AmeriCares, Habitat for Humanity, Save the Children and World Vision. Finally, Visa will donate its revenue generated from these eligible contributions to the American Red Cross.  


Volkswagen


The Volkswagen of America Foundation, on behalf of the Volkswagen Group of America, announced that it will make an immediate donation of $500,000 to the American Red Cross for Hurricane Sandy relief to provide support for affected areas across the Northeast.


Volvo Group


The Volvo Group has made several donations to relief efforts toward the recovery from Superstorm Sandy. The donations total $100,000 in all. The Volvo Group is donating $50,000 to the American Red Cross, $25,000 to the Mayor’s Fund to Advance New York City and $25,000 to the City of Allentown, Pa.


V-Rooms


V-Rooms will be donating 10% of new account proceeds for the month of November to the Red Cross. V-Rooms announced today that it will offer special reduced pricing for use of its business continuity software-as-a-service to organizations affected by Hurricane Sandy in an attempt to help minimize business downtime and economic damage.


Wakefern Food Corp.


Wakefern Food Corp. announced that on behalf of its ShopRite and PriceRite stores, it will donate up to $1 million in both funds and in-kind donations  to assist in the relief efforts for those struggling in the wake of super storm Sandy.


Walgreen


Walgreen Co. donated $250,000 to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund, supporting East Coast communities recovering from Hurricane Sandy.


Walmart


Walmart is committed to being a community partner in recovery efforts. We are pledging up to $1.5 million to help with relief efforts in the hardest hit areas to ensure the essential needs of residents are being met. 


WaWa


WaWa celebrated the grand opening of its newest Ocean County location Friday by making donations to local Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. 
CEO Howard Stoeckel presented a $10,000 donation to the Food Bank of Monmouth and Ocean County and the Community Food Bank of New Jersey while marking the opening of the convenience store chain's new location on Route 70 in Lakewood.


The Weather Company


The Weather Company, which includes The Weather Channel TV network, launched a partnership with the American Red Cross to match donations up to $1 million for Hurricane Sandy relief.


Webster Bank


Webster Bank made a $10,000 donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to help support those affected by Hurricane Sandy.


Wegmans


Wegmans delivered three truckloads of food to MCFB, with an additional truckload of paper and personal care products to be delivered tomorrow, November 6, and three truckloads of food and ice to the American Red Cross central distribution facility in New Jersey. The combined value of the donation is approximately $200,000. 


WellCare Health Plans


WellCare Health Plans, Inc. announced that the WellCare Community Foundation has donated $75,000 to the American Red Cross to support Hurricane Sandy relief efforts in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. WellCare will also match employee contributions to the American Red Cross.


WellPoint Foundation


The WellPoint Foundation announced its commitment of an additional $150,000 grant to the American Red Cross for ongoing disaster relief and recovery efforts related to Hurricane Sandy and preparedness for future disasters. Through WellPoint Foundation’s grants and associate giving efforts (which includes a 50 percent Foundation match), nearly $1 million dollars has been directed to American Red Cross’ Annual Disaster Giving Program in 2012. 


Wells Fargo


Wells Fargo & Company donated $1 million for relief efforts in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. A portion of the funds, $250,000, will go to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to support relief efforts the agency is directing throughout impacted areas in the region. The remaining $750,000 will go to support nonprofits conducting grassroots relief and recovery efforts in affected areas.


Western Union


The Western Union Foundation will provide a total of $75,000 in combined grants to organizations supporting disaster relief efforts in the areas impacted by Hurricane Sandy. Grant recipients include the American Red Cross, which provides impacted communities in the U.S. with shelter, food and basic necessities, and the International Federation of the Red Cross Red Crescent Societies to support rebuilding efforts in Jamaica and Cuba.


Westfield


Westfield is making a cash donation in excess of $150,000 that will go directly to relief efforts in affected areas of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut where it operates, said spokeswoman Katy Dickey. Meanwhile, Westfield's centers there are serving as community resources and gathering places for additional aid. 


Xerox


Xerox has pledged $250,000 to American Red Cross


Xylem


Xylem has provided hundreds of Godwin Dri-Prime and hydraulic submersible pumps were deployed to customers who needed to move massive amounts of water without any available electricity. Distributors of Xylem’s Flygt-brand submersible pumps prepared to help customers, as well.


Zetron


Zetron recently donated $4,500 to Northwest Response: Hurricane Relief, a joint effort of KING 5, NWCN, the Red Cross and U.S. Bank, to raise money for Hurricane Sandy relief.

 
 
 
BCLC's Information Partners

BCLC thanks Foundation Center for its assistance in tracking the response to Sandy.
 
 








SHARE PAGE



page to share
Hurricane Sandy -- Corporate Aid Tracker 
https://www.uschamberfoundation.org/corporate-citizenship-center/hurricane-sandy-corporate-aid-tracker



Tweet

Facebook

Google+

Pin It



Print
Send via email







 Corporate Citizenship Center 




Subscribe for updates

Subscribe
Sign up today to receive information and event invitations from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation.


Your Email Address *







 









 



































 



 Hurricane Sandy Long Island Disaster Relief Raises Nearly $1.5 Million for Rebuilding and Recovery 
         










    










 






 











 









Hurricane Sandy Long Island Disaster Relief Raises Nearly $1.5 Million for Rebuilding and Recovery Efforts

Mar 06, 2013, 08:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Robert R. McCormick Foundation 











 
















































 

 




















 


Grants target low-income communities in greatest need on Long Island
CHICAGO, March 6, 2013 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Newsday Charities Hurricane Sandy Long Island Disaster Relief campaign, in partnership with Newsday, News 12 Long Island and the Robert R. McCormick Foundation, has raised $1,419,174 from over 4,600 generous donors. With matching funds from the McCormick Foundation and all expenses covered by Newsday and the Foundation, $1,669,174 has been granted to 13 nonprofit agencies helping Long Islanders rebuild from the destruction Sandy left behind.
"Thanks to the generosity of individuals on Long Island and across the country, and with the momentum provided by our partners, Long Islanders devastated by Hurricane Sandy will have access to services to help them rebuild their lives," said David Hiller, President and CEO, McCormick Foundation. 
"Our campaign successfully harnessed the generosity of Long Islanders in order to provide urgently-needed relief to those who need it most," said Paul Fleishman, Vice President of Public Affairs, Newsday. "The overwhelming response was a heartwarming reminder that people were ready and willing to help their neighbors in distress."
In October 2012, over 20 states were impacted by Hurricane Sandy, but the brunt of the damage was felt by residents in New York and New Jersey. More than eight million people lost power as a result of the storm, including 945,000 homes on Long Island. The towns along Long Island's South Shore experienced severe damage. Many homes were destroyed, and many more were damaged due to extensive flooding.
The Foundation partnered with Newsday to target individuals and families in greatest need of disaster relief services. The result is the following grants to a diverse set of qualified, nonprofit agencies helping communities hardest hit on Long Island get back on their feet to recover and rebuild.
About the Grants
Catholic Charities, Diocese of Rockville Centre ($100,000)
For Hurricane Sandy case management services
Central Council of the Society of St. Vincent De Paul in the Diocese of Rockville Centre ($50,000)
For Hurricane Sandy direct aid: Long Island Family Assistance Relief
Community Development Corporation of Long Island, Inc. ($100,000)
For relief for Long Island Communities Affected by Superstorm Sandy
Family Service League, Inc. ($50,000)
For Long Island Storm Urgent Relief Fund
Federation Employment and Guidance Services ($150,000)
For the Lifting-Up Long Island Hurricane Response initiative 
Health and Welfare Council of Long Island, Inc. ($529,174)
For Long Island Superstorm Sandy Unmet Needs Roundtable
Hispanic Brotherhood of Rockville Centre, Inc. ($50,000)
For Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief program
Island Harvest, Ltd. ($75,000)
For Long Island Hurricane Sandy Disaster Relief
Long Island Volunteer Center ($115,000)
For Long Island Disaster Recovery Center
Lutheran Social Services of New York ($100,000)
For New LIFE Center - Long Island Program
North Shore Child and Family Guidance Center ($100,000)
For Long Island Project Hope Program
Salvation Army ($150,000)
For Hurricane Sandy Recovery Relief Long Island
The United Methodist Committee of Relief Division of Global Ministries of the United Methodist Church ($100,000)
For Long Island Disaster Response The McCormick Foundation has conducted many disaster relief campaigns, including 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, southern California wildfires and the 2008 Midwest flooding. The Foundation has a structure in place to ensure quick relief, which is vital after disaster situations. The McCormick Foundation's Hurricane Katrina relief effort in 2005 raised more than $2 million in just four days, which was matched at 50 percent by the Foundation. In total, the Foundation and its partners have raised more than $9.4 million from nearly 47,000 donors. Since 1991, over 540 grants totaling more than $58 million have been awarded to disaster relief programs.
About the Robert R. McCormick Foundation  Robert R. McCormick Foundation is committed to fostering communities of educated, informed and engaged citizens. Through philanthropic programs, Cantigny Park and museums, the Foundation helps develop citizen leaders and works to make life better in our communities. The Foundation was established as a charitable trust in 1955, upon the death of Colonel Robert R. McCormick, the longtime editor and publisher of the Chicago Tribune. The McCormick Foundation is one of the nation's largest foundations, with more than $1 billion in assets. 
The McCormick Foundation continues McCormick's legacy by partnering with media outlets, such as Newsday, sports teams and philanthropic organizations across the country, to encourage local giving, inspire civic involvement and address human needs. Since 2000, through Newsday Charities, over 350 grants totaling more than $12 million have been awarded to nonprofit organizations on Long Island. To learn more about the McCormick Foundation visit www.McCormickFoundation.org
 SOURCE  Robert R. McCormick Foundation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.mccormickfoundation.org



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 27, 2013, 16:58 ET
Preview: New McCormick Grants Further Strengthen Youth Civic Education & Engagement In Illinois













Dec 05, 2012, 12:44 ET
Preview: 76,000 New Veterans In Illinois: Younger, Poorer, And In Need Of A New Approach






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





May 23, 2017, 07:00 ET
Citywide Radio Campaign Raises Funds to Support Youth Summer Jobs...






 More news releases in:

Environmental Issues
Corporate Social Responsibility
Not For Profit












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 