


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $500,000

 





NEW E-COMMERCE STORE I...
M/S SVOCAN HANDICRAFTS IS SELLING HOME FURNISHING PRODUCTS ONLINE THROUGH EBAY.COM, EBAY.CO.UK, EBAY.COM.AU & AMAZON.COM. NOW WE ARE DEVELOPING OUR OWN E-COMMERCE STORE. WE NEED SEED FUNDING OF 10 MILLION USD.
Yamuna Nagar


Amount $10,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.
















The Top 10 Angel Investor Groups














































































Home


Top 50
How To
Magazine
Franchise 500
Spotlight







Subscribe





















Finance
















			The Top 10 Angel Investor Groups
		





Jason Fell

Entrepreneur Staff
Director of the Entrepreneur Partner Studio
















Finance
5 Worst Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make When Pitching Angel Investors
Jason Fell

 




---Shares










					August 15, 2011
				

Sometimes a company's future growth is contingent on landing angel investment funding. The challenge is to find the right angel investor who is passionate about your business.If your network isn't already populated with wealthy business investors, you may want to consider reaching out and making a connection on your own. You can get started with this resource list of the largest angel investing firms in the U.S., according to the Angel Capital Association, a trade association of investment groups.Ohio TechAngel Funds, Columbus, OhioNumber of angels: 282Who it helps: Supports early-stage Ohio-based information technology, advanced materials, and medical technology companies.Tech Coast Angels, Los AngelesNumber of angels: 263Who it helps: Provides connections, knowledge, mentoring and operational assistance to early-stage entrepreneurs in the tech, biotech, consumer products, Internet, information technology, life sciences, media, software and environmental markets.Investors' Circle, San FranciscoNumber of angels: 225Who it helps: Uses private capital to promote businesses that address social and environmental issues. The group has invested almost $150 million in 225 companies, it says.Golden Seeds LLC, New York CityNumber of angels: 190Who it helps: Members invest directly, or through a managed fund, in companies that are founded by or led by women. Sectors include consumer products, technology, software and life sciences.Related Video: How to Land Angel FundingNorth Coast Angel Fund, Cleveland, OhioNumber of angels: 180Who it helps: Invests in Ohio-based technology startups.Band of Angels, Menlo Park, Calif.Number of angels: 136Who it helps: Group of former and current high-tech executives that has invested almost $200 million in early-stage technology companies.Hyde Park Angel Network, ChicagoNumber of angels: 133Who it helps: Members invest in seed and early stage businesses, primarily located in the Midwest. Industries include: information technology, business services, industrial technology, financial services, consumer or industrial products and healthcare services.Alliance of Angels, SeattleNumber of angels: 100Who it helps: Early-stage investors in startups based in the Northwest region of the country.Pasadena Angels, Altadena, Calif.Number of angels: 100Who it helps: Provides up to $750,000 in early-stage and seed financing to startups in southern California.New York Angels Inc, New York CityNumber of angels: 99Who it helps: Made up of entrepreneurs, CEOs, venture capitalists and other business leaders, the group invests between $250,000 and $750,000 in early-stage technology companies generally located in the Northeast. 








Jason Fell







Jason Fell is director of native content for Entrepreneur, managing the Entrepreneur Partner Studio, which creates dynamic and compelling content for our partners. He previously served as Entrepreneur.com's managing editor and as the te...
Read more







Funding
Financing
Angel Investing
Angel Investors
Pitching Investors















Get the Magazine
Limited-Time Offer: 1 Year Print + Digital Edition and 2 Gifts only $9.99
Subscribe Now





 











Skip Advertisement
			This ad will close in 15 seconds...
		






OK
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
















Stay Informed. Be Inspired.
Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. 
Enter your email





Invalid Email




























Accredited Angel Fund - New Louisiana Angel Fund I LLC - Gust






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.
































New Louisiana Angel Fund I LLC


Angel Fund
·
3 Members
·
Shreveport, LA, US
·
ACA









Apply for Funding

Are you an investor?
Apply to join










Preferred Locations






Lafayette, LA, US
New Orleans, LA, US
Baton Rouge, LA, US
Lake Charles, LA, US
Ruston, LA, US
Monroe, LA, US
Shreveport, LA, US
Louisiana, US























Loading




 Find Angel Groups & Platforms | ACA




































        


















Menu









ACA Member Directory

HomeAbout ACAFind Angel Groups & Platforms






            Although the Angel Capital Association is not a direct funding source, our members are. Use this directory to find ACA members, which include angel groups and accredited platforms in addition to organizations affiliated with ACA. Link to each organizations's website to learn more about the group, including investment preferences and processes. Individual members are not listed for privacy reasons. 
        

Contact ACA if you are an accredited investor and would like to know more about joining an angel group or accredited platform and/or joining ACA. 
        

Angel Group Regions:



Accredited Platforms


California


Canada


Great Lakes


Mid-Atlantic


Midwest/ Great Plains


National/ International


New England



New York


Pacific Northwest


Southeast


Southwest


Texas


West


ACA Affiliates






﻿Accredited Platform



AgFunder


AngelList


AngelMD


CrowdSeekr


Deziner Software


Fast Track VC


FlashFunders


Florida Funders



FundersClub


OurCrowd


Plum Alley Investments


Propel(x)


Seed Equity Ventures, LLC


SeedInvest


Seedrs America




﻿California



Angel Investors Network - Escondido, CA
                            

Angelvision Investors LLC - Los Angeles, CA
                            

Arcview Investor Network - San Francisco, CA
                            

Astia Angels - San Francisco, CA (and New York)
                            

Band of Angels - San Francisco, CA
                            

Golden Seeds - San Francisco, CA (and Boston, New York, Dallas)
                            

HealthTech Capital - Los Altos Hills, CA
                            

Hera Angels - San Diego, CA
                            

Keiretsu Forum - Orange County - Costa Mesa, CA
                            

Life Science Angels - Sunnyvale, CA
                            

North Bay Angels - Healdsburg, CA
                            

Pasadena Angels - Pasadena, CA
                            


Pipeline Angels - Silicon Valley, LA, San Diego, and San Francisco, CA
                            

Portfolia - San Francisco, CA
                            

Sacramento Angels - Sacramento, CA
                            

SAGE - Shasta Angel Group for Entrepreneurs - Redding, CA
                            

San Joaquin Angels - Stockton, CA
                            

Sand Hill Angels LLC - Sunnyvale, CA
                            

SF Angels - San Francisco, CA
                            

SLO Seed Ventures - San Luis Obispo, CA
                            

Stanislaus-Merced Angels - Modesto, CA 
                            

Tech Coast Angels - Los Angeles, Orange County, Riverside, San Diego, Santa Barbara, San Bernadino County, CA
                            

Wharton Alumni Angels - San Francisco, CA, San Diego, CA, and New York, NY
                            



﻿Canada



Angel One Investor Network - Burlington, ON
                            

Anges Quebec - Quebec City, QC
                            

Capital Angel Network - Ottawa, ON
                            

First Angel Network Association - Halifax, NS
                            


Northern Ontario Angels - Thunder Bay, ON
                            

Saskatchewan Capital Network - Saskatoon, SK
                            

Vancouver Angel Technology Network (VANTEC) - Vancouver, BC
                            

VA Angels - Calgary, Edmonton, Kelowna, Phoenix, and Winnipeg 
                            

WECAN - Windsor Essex Capital Angel Network - Windsor, ON
                            



﻿Great Lakes



Akron ARCH Angels (Akron Regional Change Angels) - Akron, OH
                            

BlueWater Angels - Midland, MI
                            

Capital Community Angels - East Lansing, MI
                            

Central Illinois Angels - Peoria, IL
                            

Cornerstone Angels - Northbrook, IL
                            

Golden Angels Investors - Milwaukee, WI
                            

Gopher Angels - Minneapolis, MN
                            

Grand Angels - Grand Rapids, MI
                            

Great Lakes Angels - Bloomfield Hills, MI
                            

Hyde Park Angel Network - Chicago, IL
                            

Irish Angels - Chicago, IL
                            

Michigan Angel Fund - Ann Arbor, MI
                            

North Coast Angel Fund - Cleveland, OH
                            


Northern Michigan Angels - Traverse City, MI
                            

Ohio TechAngels - Columbus, OH
                            

P3 Alliance (Purdue Angel Network) - Indianapolis, IN
                            

Pipeline Angels - Minneapolis, MN, Chicago, IL, Cleveland-Akron and Columbus, OH
                            

Queen City Angels - Cincinnati, OH
                            

Silicon Pastures - Milwaukee, WI
                            

Sofia Angel Fund II - St. Paul, MN
                            

Sundown Fund 1 - New Albany, OH
                            

Sustainable Local Food Investment Group - Chicago, IL
                            

Urbana-Champaign Angel Network - Urbana, IL
                            

VisionTech Angels - Indianapolis, IN
                            

West Suburban Angels - Naperville, IL
                            

Wisconsin Investment Partners - Madison, WI
                            

X-Squared Angels - Columbus, OH
                            



﻿Mid-Atlantic



757 Angels Network - Virginia Beach, VA
                            

Baltimore Angels - Baltimore, MD
                            

Berg Capital Group - McClean, VA
                            

BlueTree Allied Angels - Pittsburgh, PA
                            

Blu Venture Investors - Vienna, VA
                            

Broad Street Angels - Philadelphia, PA
                            

CAV Angel Network - Charlottesville, VA
                            

Charlottesville Angel Network - Charlottesville, VA
                            

Dingman Center Angels - College Park, MD
                            

Delaware Crossing Investor Group - Doylestown, PA
                            

Hivers and Strivers - Great Falls, VA
                            

Jefferson Corner Group - Charlottesville, VA
                            

Jumpstart New Jersey Angel Network - New Brunswick, NJ
                            

K Street Capital - Washington, DC
                            

Keiretsu Forum - MidAtlantic, Philadelphia, PA
                            

MI-12 Ventures - York, PA - email


Mid-Atlantic Angels Corporation - Frederick, MD
                            

Mid-Atlantic Bio Angels - (Scotch Plains, NJ & NY)
                            

Myeloma Angels - Indiana, PA
                            

New Richmond Ventures - Richmond, VA
                            

Next Act Fund - Pittsburgh, PA
                            

NJIT Highlander Angel Network - Newark, NJ
                            

New Dominion Angels - Warrenton, VA
                            

Pipeline Angels - Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, PA, Baltimore, MD; Washington, DC
                            

Pittsburgh Equity Partners - Pittsburgh, PA
                            
Private Investors Forum - Philadelphia, PA
                            

SoundBoard Angel Fund - Morristown Township, NJ
                            

Robin Hood Ventures - Philadelphia, PA
                            


﻿Midwest/ Great Plains



701 Angel Fund - Grand Forks, ND
                            

Angel Capital Group - Kansas City, MO
                            

Billiken Angels - St. Louis, MO
                            

Bluegrass Angels - Lexington, KY
                            

Centennial Investors - Columbia, MO
                            

Corridor Angel Investors - Cedar Rapids, IA
                            

Chicago ArchAngels - Chicago, IL
                            

East Central Ohio Tech Angel Fund - Worthington, OH
                            

Enterprise Angel Group LLC - Louisville, KY
                            

FIN Capital - Clive, IA
                            

Mid-America Angels - Fairway, KS
                            


Midwest Venture Alliance - Wichita, KS
                            

Nebraska Angels Inc - Lincoln, NE
                            

Northern Kentucky Angel Investment Network - Covington, KY
                            

Northland Angel Investor Network - Kansas City, MO
                            

Pipeline Angels - Cedar Rapids, IA
                            

Plains Angels- Des Moines, IA
                            

Seedstep Angels - Oklahoma City, OK
                            

St. Louis Arch Angels - St. Louis, MO
                            

Valley Angel Investment Fund - Grand Forks, ND
                            

Women's Capital Connection - Fairway, KS
                            


﻿National/ International



Angel Ventures Mexico - Mexico D.F., Mexico
                            

Chemical Angel Network - Granger, IN
                            

BELLE Capital USA - Douglas, MI
                            

ECS Angels - Bar Harbor, ME
                            

Hivers and Strivers - Great Falls, VA
                            

Investors' Circle - San Francisco, CA
                            


Pipeline Angels - Boston, MA, Chicago, IL, Seattle, WA, Silicon Valley, CA, Austin, TX (and more)
                            

Portfolia - San Francisco, CA
                            

The ArcView Angel Network - Durham, NC
                            

The Impact Angel Network - Charlotte, NC and Atlanta, GA
                            

Rising Tide Fund - San Franciso, CA
                            

WBTAngels - Chicago, IL
                            



﻿New England



Angel Investor Forum - East Hartford, CT
                            

Beacon Angels - Boston, MA
                            

Boston Harbor Angels - Boston, MA
                            

Boynton Angels - Worcester, MA
                            

Cherrystone Angel Group - Providence, RI
                            

Clean Energy Venture Group - Boston, MA
                            

eCoast Angels - Portsmouth, NH
                            

ECS Angels - Bar Harbor, ME
                            

Edible Ventures Group - Boston, MA
                            

Golden Seeds LLC - Boston, MA, New York, NY and San Francisco, CA
                            

HubAngels - Cambridge, MA
                            

Landmark Angels - Greenwich, CT
                            


Launchpad Venture Group - Wellesley, MA
                            

Maine Angels - Portland, ME
                            

Mass Medical Angels - Brookline, MA
                            

North Country Angels - Burlington, VT
                            

Northeast Angels - Milford, NH
                            

Ocean State Angels - Providence, RI
                            

Pipeline Angels - Boston, MA
                            

River Valley Investors - Springfield, MA
                            

SideCar Angels - Wellesley, MA
                            

TiE Angels - Boston - Boston, MA
                            

University of Massachusetts Lowell New Venture Fund - Lowell, MA
                            

Walnut Venture Associates - Wellesley Hills, MA
                            



﻿New York



Astia Angels - New York, NY (and San Francisco)
                            

Blue Jay Angels - New York, 
                            

Buffalo Angel Network - Buffalo, NY
                            

Eastern New York Angels - Albany, NY
                            

Empire Angels - New York, NY
                            

Executive Forum Angels - New York, NY
                            

Gaingels - New York, NY
                            

Golden Seeds - New York, NY (Boston and San Francisco)
                            

Hudson Valley Startup Fund - Binghamton, NY
                            

Life Sciences Angel Network - New York, NY
                            


Long Island Angel Network - Melville, NY
                            

New York Angels - New York, NY
                            

Mid-Atlantic Bio Angels - (New York & New Jersey)
                            

Pipeline Angels - New York, NY
                            

Rochester Angel Network - Rochester, NY
                            

Tribeca Angels - New York, NY
                            

Westchester Angels - Westchester, NY
                            

Wharton Alumni Angels - New York, NY, San Francisco, CA, and San Diego, CA
                            


﻿Pacific Northwest



Alaska Investor Network - Anchorage, AK
                            

Alliance of Angels - Seattle, WA
                            

Bellingham Angel Investors - Bellingham, WA
                            

Boise Angel Alliance - Boise, ID
                            

Breakthrough 307 Angels - Casper, WY
                            

Cascade Angels Fund - Bend, OR
                            

Frontier Angel Fund - Kalispell, MT
                            

Element 8 Angels - Seattle, WA 
                            

Keiretsu Forum Northwest - Seattle, WA
                            


Oregon Angel Fund - Portland, OR
                            

Pipeline Angels - Bangor-Portland, OR, Seattle, WA
                            

Puget Sound Venture Club - Bellevue, WA
                            

Seattle Angels - Seattle, WA
                            

Space Angels - Seattle, WA
                            

WINGS - The Washington Medical Technology Angel Group - Seattle, WA
                            

Willamette Angels - Albany, OR
                            



﻿Southeast


256Ventures - Huntsville, AL- email


Acadiana Angels - Lafayette, LA
                            

Accelerated Growth Partners - Miami, FL
                            

AIM Group - Statewide Alabama
                            

Angel Capital Group - Nashville, TN, Knoxville, TN Jackson, MS
                            

Angels of Southwest Louisiana - Lake Charles, LA
                            

Ariel Southeast Angel Partners - Savannah, GA
                            

Atlanta Technology Angels - Atlanta, GA
                            
Bama Angel Network - Tuscaloosa, AL (email)


Bluegrass Angels - Lexington, KY
                            

Bio/Med Investor Network - Atlanta, GA
                            

Chattanooga Renaissance Fund - Chattanooga, TN
                            

Charleston Angel Partners - Charleston, SC
                            

Duke Angel Network - Durham, NC
                            

Florida Angel Nexus - Orlando, FL
                            

Go Beyond Network - Naples, FL
                            

Ignition Point Capital Group - Fort Lauderdale, FL
                            

Keiretsu Forum South-East - Miami, FL
                            

Louisville Enterprise Angels - Louisville, KY
                            

Miami Innovation Fund, Inc. - Miami, FL
                            

Mississippi Angel Investor Network (MAIN) - Ridgeland, MS
                            


Nashville Capital Network - Nashville, TN
                            

New Louisiana Angel Fund 1, LLC - Shreveport, LA
                            

New World Angels - Boca Raton, FL
                            

NO/LA Angel Network - New Orleans, LA
                            

Northern Kentucky Angel Investment Network - Covington, KY
                            

NueCura Partners, LLC - Brentwood, TN
                            

Piedmont Angel Network - Winston-Salem, NC
                            

Pipeline Angels - Atlanta, GA; Burlington, AL; Charlotte and Raleigh-Durham, NC; Memphis-Nashville; Miami, FL; New Orleans, LA
                            

RTP Capital Associates - Research Triangle Park, NC
                            

South Coast Angel Fund - New Orleans, LA
                            

Tamiami Angel Fund - Naples, FL
                            

The Angel Roundtable- Johnson City, TN
                            

The JumpFund - Chattanooga, TN
                            

Triangle Angel Partners - Research Triangle Park, NC
                            

Upstate Carolina Angel Network - Greenville, SC
                            

VentureSouth - Aiken, Anderson, Charleston, Columbia, Greenville, Hilton Head, Myrtle Beach, Rock Hill & Spartanburg SC, Asheville &Charlotte, NC 
                            

Wilmington Investor Network - Wilmington, NC
                            


﻿Southwest



Arizona Tech Investors (ATI) - Tempe, AZ
                            

Canyon Angels - Phoenix, AZ
                            

Desert Angels - Tucson, AZ
                            


New Mexico Angels Inc - Albuquerque, NM
                            

Pipeline Angels - Albuquerque, NM; Phoenix, AZ; Las Vegas, NV
                            

WBTangels - Oklahoma City, OK
                            



﻿Texas



Aggie Angels - College Station, TX
                            

Baylor Angel Network - Waco, TX
                            

Central Texas Angel Network - Austin, TX
                            

Cowtown Angels - Ft. Worth, TX
                            

Houston Angel Network - Houston, TX
                            

Lubbock Angel Network - Lubbock, TX
                            


North Texas Angel Network - Dallas, TX
                            

Pipeline Angels - Austin-Houston, Dallas, TX
                            
Rio Grande Valley Angel Network - Weslaco, TX - email


San Antonio Angel Network - San Antonio, TX
                            

South Coast Angel Network - Corpus Christi, TX
                            

Southwest Angel Network for Social Impact - Austin, TX
                            

Texoma Angels - Wichita Falls, TX
                            

West Texas Angel Network - Amarillo, TX
                            



﻿West



Angel Capital Group - Denver, CO
                            

Hawaii Angels - Honolulu, HI
                            

Pipeline Angels - Salt Lake City, UT; Boulder-Denver, CO
                            


Sierra Angels - Incline Village, NV
                            

Rockies Venture Club - Boulder, CO
                            


﻿ACA Affiliate Organizations Partners



49th State Angel Fund - Anchorage, AK
                            

Akron ARCH Angels (Akron Regional Change Angels) - Akron, OH
                            

Allen Angel Capital Education Program - Columbia, MO
                            

Alliance of Texas Angel Networks - Texas
                            

Appalachian Regional Commission - Washington, DC
                            

Angel Association New Zealand - Auckland, New Zealand
                            

Angel Resource Institute - Listing of all angel groups in North America, (that we know about)
                            

Angel's Den Mexico - Mexico City, DF
                            

Arrowhead Innovation Fund - Las Cruces, NM
                            

Australian Association of Angel Investors - Brisbane, Australia
                            

Business Angels Europe (BAE) - Federation of European Angel Associations
                            

Ben Franklin Partners of Central and Northern PA - University Park, PA
                            

Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Southeast PA - Philadelphia, PA
                            

BioGenerator - St. Louis, MO
                            

Council for Entrepreneurial Development (CED) - Research Triangle Park, NC
                            

Crowdfunding Investment Angels - Bar Harbor, ME
                            

Enterprise Institute - Brookings, SD
                            

EPIcenter - Memphis, TN
                            

European Business Angel Network - Listing of angel networks in Europe
                            


Innovation Park at Notre Dame - Notre Dame, IN
                            

Innovation Works - Pittsburgh, PA
                            

Kentucky Angels - Lexington, KY
                            

Launch Tennessee - Nashville, TN
                            

Maine Venture Fund - Newport, ME
                            

MassVentures- Boston, MA
                            

Microsoft BizSpark Program - Software for Startups
                            

National Angel Capital Organization - Listing of angels and networks in Canada
                            

Network Society Ventures - New York, NY
                            

Pennsylvania Angel Network


Portland Seed Fund - Portland, OR
                            

Rev1 Ventures - Columbus, OH
                            

Rocket Ventures - Toledo, OH
                            

TechGROWTH Ohio - Athens, OH
                            

TEDCO - Columbia, MD
                            

The Launch Place Fund - Danville, VA
                            

Village Capital - Washington DC
                            

Wisconsin Angel Network - Madison, WI
                            

WowMii Ventures & Accelerator - Philadelphia, PA, Washington, DC
                            


















Username





Password








		Remember me on this computer









Password recovery link









 About ACA Home | ACA





































        


















Menu










HomeAbout ACAAbout ACA Home








            Get the Insider Perspective
        

            ACA is a collective of accredited angel investors, North America's most prolific early-stage investment class.  The association is the largest angel professional development organization in the world.  ACA provides an insider perspective that can help you make smart investment decisions.
        

ACA by the Numbers:

13,000+ member accredited angel investors
            
260 angel groups and accredited platforms
            
91,000+ entrepreneurial companies in ACA member investment portfolios
            

            Angels: Be Part of a Community of "Preferred Providers" of Capital
        

            Three ways ACA helps smart, professional angels make more high quality investments:
        
Knowledge sharing, best practices and insights from top angels to ensure smarter investment decisions
            
Connections to vetted angels to support your deal flow and syndication processes
            
Representation to public policy makers to safeguard angel investor rights
            

            How to Use ACA
        

Find angels:  Angel groups and accredited platforms
            
Learn about angel investing:  Knowledge Center and ACA Events

Stay on top of public policies affecting American angel investing
            

Join ACA: Build your angel insider network to improve investing returns
            

            Angels and the Entrepreneurial Ecosystem
        

            Angels and entrepreneurs need each other.  Although ACA is not a source of capital itself, it is the source for critical information and data that aligns the needs of angels, entrepreneurs, and the startup support community.
        

Startups and the American Economy

Prolific:  Angel investors support up to 90% of outside equity raised by startups (after friends and family)
            
High Impact: estimated $25B in 70,000 companies each year
            
Jobs: Over a 25-year period, firms younger than five years accounted for all of the net new jobs in the U.S.
            
Economic growth:  Research shows that the largest growth comes from high-growth, innovative startups, the kind angels fund
            

Entrepreneurs Count on Angels

Business mentoring, monitoring and guidance
            
Critical connections for customers, additional funders and acquirers
            
Beyond funding, exit experience and strategies
            

            Discover More
        

About ACA HomeFind Angel Groups & PlatformsACA NewsMember NewsMission & LeadershipACA Store & PartnersThe American AngelACA Awards
















Username





Password








		Remember me on this computer









Password recovery link











NEW LOUISIANA ANGEL FUND 1, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NEW LOUISIANA ANGEL FUND 1, LLC
                    

•   SHREVEPORT, LA
                          • Venture Capital Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             NEW Louisiana Angel Fund 1 is based out of Shreveport.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2015-02-09. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  venture capital fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NEW LOUISIANA ANGEL FUND 1, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




new louisiana angel fund 1, llc


P.O. BOX 38050

SHREVEPORT
LA
                                                        
                                                    71133


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (318) 675-3500







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 02/09/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2015-02-09
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  VENTURE CAPITAL FUND

      Equity
    
2,500,000
1,500,000
1,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




MANAGING MEMBER, LLC   NEW LOUISIANA ANGEL FUND 1

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free





















South Coast Angel Fund







































Entrepreneurs – NOLA Angel Network


































About
Entrepreneurs
Investors
Portfolio
Sponsorship & Partners
Contact Us
 
Investor Login
Apply Now










We Provide Value-Added Capital
NO/LA Angel Network members will invest in the seed or Series A financing rounds of companies based in New Orleans or Louisiana that are in dynamic growth markets, have strong value propositions, a sound business plan, and a strong management team with deep market knowledge. We only seek companies that have the potential to scale regionally, nationally or internationally and that have a clear path to exit. We avoid lifestyle businesses and capital intense businesses.






Our members are industry agnostic, but prefer to invest in companies that complement the regional economy –






7 Easy Steps
Our network has a fast and efficient seven stage deal process designed to help our members make sound investment decisions as well as provide valuable feedback to founders and entrepreneurs, whether or not our members invest in the company.



1
Submit Application


2
Prescreening


3
Screening


4
Member Presentation



5
Due Diligence


6
Capital Commitments


7
Post Deal Stewardship





File Application








Submit Application
1/7
Submit Application
If you feel your company could be a good fit, we invite you to visit our ProSeeder page (link below) to submit your company for consideration. You will need to complete a brief application that details your management team, customer problem, solution, market, etc. along with uploading an Executive Summary, Investor Pitch Deck, and a Video (if you have one).





Prescreening
2/7
Prescreening
Applications will be rated by our Prescreening Committee. If the components of the business show potential, the company will be invited to a Network Screening Committee meeting.





Screening
3/7
Screening
Each month a number of companies are invited to presentto our Network Screening Committee.  Companies make a 10-minue presentation followed by 10-15 minutes of Q&A. Committee members rank companies based on seven categories: Management, Market, Product, Traction, Business Model, Advisors, and Value to the Local Eco System. The companies scoring the highest will be placed into a pool from which companies will be invited to present to the full NO/LA Angel Network member base at our monthly member meeting.





Member Presentation
4/7
Member Presentation
Each month select companies are invited to present the entire NO/LA Angel Network Member base. The selected companies will deliver a 10 minute presentation and then answer questions from the audience. If there is enough member interest, the Network will initiate a 30-day Due Diligence process.





Due Diligence
5/7
Due Diligence
The Network has four standing due diligence teams which will conduct a deep dive analysis of four critical components of the company’s business model: Management, Market (Trends, Pain, Customers, Competition, Go to Market Strategy, Pricing, Scalability), Product/Technology (IP/Rights/Regulatory Approvals), and Financials. The company should expect to provide materials and time to this process, which lasts 30 days.





Capital Commitments
6/7
Capital Commitments
If there is sufficient member interest after Due Diligence, those members having interest in investing in the company will secure a lawyer to either craft and deliver a term sheet to the company or to review the company’s term sheet if a term sheet exists. Once the term sheet has been successfully negotiated, closing documents will be crafted and agreed upon, capital will be secured and the closing will occur. Closing is the event when all points of agreement will have occurred and capital is actually transferred into the company’s account.





Post Deal Stewardship
7/7
Post Deal Stewardship
Founders and investors will work together to make the company a success.





File Application












About
Entrepreneurs
Investors
Portfolio
Sponsorship & Partners
Contact Us
Contact Us PO Box 751101
New Orleans, LA 70175
info@nolaangelnetwork.org
 
Recent News


Currently Reading Pro Goal Disk Style
Getting an Online Doctorate in Theology Degree
Essay Topics
Get ready to diploma shield: what queries are questioned?
Techniques for producing a dissertation, which will make scientific function easy
What You Should Do About Buying Essays Online Beginning in the Next Seven Minutes
Case Examine Creating: the Manual of Planning
Representation Essay Topic Ideas
University essay and its variation from essay for your School.
85_Key Pieces of Clean My Mac 3




 



 





    	Copyright 2014 NOLA Angel Network. All Rights Reserved. Site Design By RapJab



















 




ARC Angel Fund NYC - Early-Stage Venture Capital






















Menu

Home
Members

Investor Members
Investor Login


Process

How We Work
Apply For Funding


Team

Portfolio

Contact









Investing in Early-Stage
High-Growth Tech Businesses 
Learn More


Monthly Investor Meetings
Meeting Potential Investment Opportunities
Learn More


NYC Area Focused Fund
But we'll look from PA to MA
Learn More


Investing $50K-$250K
Committed Fund with sidecar investments
Learn More









ARC Angel Fund invests in seed- and early-stage companies with high growth potential.   ARC Angel Fund invests in industries with which its members have experience, with investments averaging $50,000 to $250,000, each, over the life of the investment.

ARC Angel Fund is a member-led Angel Fund. An Angel Fund is, in essence, a hybrid model between an Angel Group and a Venture Fund. The members of ARC Angel Fund range from experienced Angel Investors and Partners in VC Funds, to executives of successful companies.

Our members bring their own expertise to the table and can actively participate as much as they like in the Fund's investment decisions, and can personally invest alongside the fund. 


 


Sector Focus
 Software, IT, Internet, Tech-Enabled Services, Business Services, Digital Media, Mobile, Healthcare IT, and others



 


Region
The Fund has a primary focus towards NYC and the surrounding Northeast and Mid-Atlantic area companies.



 


Stage
We invest in early-stage companies with a product and some revenue and valuations under $5M.





 Our Process 























Unlike a standard Venture fund, the GP is owned by the investors.


General Membership makes the Investment decisions. Committees are set up to handle the business of the Fund. An Executive Committee is comprised of volunteer members of the General Partner and provides oversight of the ARC Fund.

Source:Investment opportunities are brought to the ARC Fund from members, affiliated organizations, fund managers and other institutions. Deals may also be submitted through our website here. Submitting companies MUST submit a PowerPoint and Financials with their executive summary.

Evaluation: The Evaluation Committee members will review investment opportunities, and if the Evaluation Committee elects to have a company present to the Members of the General Partner, it will be responsible for preparing such company to present, along with the founding team. 








Due Diligence:
A Due Diligence Committee will be set up for each company approved by the General Partner for due diligence. Each Due Diligence Committee will make a recommendation, and pending a vote to invest by the members of the General Partner, will prepare a term sheet and negotiate the terms of investment.

Monitoring: Following an investment, a Monitoring Committee will be set up for each portfolio company, often including members of the Due Diligence Committee, to work with the portfolio company and report on the company at monthly meetings of the General Partner. The committee will be responsible for keeping the ARC Fund apprised of a portfolio company’s material developments, including management changes, subsequent rounds of venture investments and the company's business milestones. 


Apply for Funding


 



 Our Portfolio 





Kanvas
A fun way to express yourself! Kanvas is a fast, easy way for anyone to be creative. Simply add text, stickers, painting and sound to a background to make a kanvas. Share on tumblr, twitter and facebook. (Acquired by AOL)






 




Uptown Network
As opposed to simply providing an iPad Wine List, Uptown Network connects SMART Menu Services to create a network effect.  Our current customers are averaging more than a 30% increase in wine sales
 The CEO



Successful entrepreneur who has founded four companies, including Uptown Network. Uptown Network combines technology and restaurant experience with a mission to replace all paper menus with digital menus. Very soon, society will look back at paper menus the same way we now look back at hand-written checks.

Self-taught chef and creative marketer who, with his wife Nadine, transformed the original Naples Tomato restaurant from a mom-and-pop operation to one of the country's best restaurants. Voted best restaurant in Southwest Florida by Gulfshore Life Magazine, Top 1500 Restaurants in the Country by Zagat, Naples Tomato served 100,000 guests a year. Previously founded and led two software companies: Bowstreet, Inc. (acquired by IBM); and Preferred Systems, Inc. (acquired by Computer Associates). Early board member at Nielsen / Netratings, the Nielsen of the web (IPO). Software technology expert, popular speaker, and consultant on product reinvention for Infinite Growth Group for clients such as Nestle/Stouffers and Coca-Cola/Odwalla.




 




Human Demand
A Mobile DSP & DMP focused on working with App Developers and Mobile Brands and Agencies. Human Demand features a self serve platform that is fully transparent and focuses on hyperlocal and audience campaigns at scale. (Acquired by Ignition One)






 




Nulabel
An adhesive and printer hardware tech company that helps companies cut cost & reduce waste with a patent-pending, liner-free label that uses an activatable adhesive to eliminate the need for the liner.
 The CEO



As President, I try to make everyone's job easier. I develop NuLabel's strategic and tactical plan, oversee the business and technological development teams and serve as the public face of the company to customers and investors. 




 







StatSocial
Discover the people behind the counts. We have identified over 600 million social profiles and their characteristics, as defined by over 30,000 demographic and lifestyle variables. Know, segment, and target your social audience as never before.  
 The CEO



Michael Hussey is the founder and CEO of StatSocial. Previously, he founded the people search company PeekYou (2006), building it into one of the top-250 sites in the US. Before that, he created RateMyTeachers and RateMyProfessors (2001), which to this day, nearly every college student still uses. A native Mainer, he graduated from the University of Maine in 2000 with a degree in Financial Economics and today lives in New York City with his wife and two children.




 




Offermobi
Offermobi is the first performance marketing network for mobile advertising in the US. The Round was led by ARC Angel Fund, with additional investment from several of its limited partners. (Acquired by MOKO.mobi)






 




Medivo
Medivo is focused on bringing personalized medicine into practice in the areas of preventive and therapeutic care. Co-Investors include Safeguard Scientific.
 The CEO



Sundeep is a serial entrepreneur and interested in changing the world for the better.

Sundeep is currently the CEO of Medivo, Inc. Sundeep has over 15 years of leadership experience with building teams, developing talent, and successfully growing, managing and selling businesses in healthcare marketing and technology. Previously, as the CEO and co-founder of Medsite, Inc. he established the company as a leader in online pharmaceutical marketing and services by building an extensive online community of health care professionals, including over 400,000 US physicians. He secured financing from a range of blue chip investors, including JP Morgan Partners, Morgan Stanley, Bain, and Reuters. After the sale of Medsite to WebMD in the fall of 2006, he worked on integration, new product development, and corporate strategy.

Sundeep received his B.A. in Communications from the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Pennsylvania, with a concentration in business from the Wharton School. Sundeep was recognized as the ‘Top 5 Under 35’ by the Asian Indian Chambers of Commerce. He was a finalist for the Ernst & Young 2005, 2003 and 2000 "Entrepreneur of the Year" award. The Asian American Business Development Center recognized him as an ‘Outstanding 50 Asian Americans in Business’ in 2004. Sundeep has been featured in major publications and has been a keynote speaker at numerous conferences and has served as a guest lecturer for the Goergen Entrepreneurial Management Program at the Wharton School. Sundeep also currently serves on the Leadership Council of CASI (The Center for Advanced Studies of India) at the University of Pennsylvania.




 




Careerminds
Careerminds provides strategic solutions to organizations seeking affordable, Web-based outplacement services.
The Round was led by Innovation Venture Partners & Gabriel Venture Partners.
 The CEO



In 2008 I launched Careerminds as a virtual outplacement company. I bring over 18 years human resource leadership, career consulting, and outplacement experience to Careerminds. The concept of virtual outplacement was developed after experiencing years of traditional outplacement in a variety of HR roles. Over my career, I've planned and executed several large scale layoffs and have many years of traditional brick and mortar outplacement services.

When we started the company in 2008, we had one goal in mind: to create an outplacement program that was forward thinking and to reduce the stress employees face during career transition. This includes developing a robust and relevant technology that accelerates the transition process, creating personalized and customized programs by job function and industry, and hiring the best career consultants who support displaced employees every step of the way.




 






UpNext
UpNext is the new and exciting way to explore and discover your city. Rather than sifting through pages and links of data, UpNext enables you glide around your city, virtually. The Round was led by Lowercase Capital. (Acquired by Amazon) 



CEO Vic Singh is a serial entrepreneur and investor in the mobile software space. He is currently Founder and CEO of Kanvas, a mobile platform for creative self expression and also serves as a Founding General Partner with Eniac Ventures, the pioneer venture capital firm focused on the mobile Internet.

Vic previously founded and led Tracks, a venture backed mobile platform for collaboration around experiences and interests. Before Tracks, Vic co-founded NearVerse, the leading mobile platform for location based peer to peer media sharing. Vic served as a venture capitalist with RRE Ventures before going out on his own. He has advised and invested in 50+ early stage startups with a focus on mobile consumer Internet. Vic holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BSE from the University of Pennsylvania.




 




Sidecar
Sidecar is a fully automated online marketing platform that efficiently acquires, converts and retains customers for online retailers. Other Funds include Innovation Venture Partners & Osage Venture Partners.
 The CEO




Sidecar is a leader in automated e-commerce marketing, powering paid search, comparison shopping engine advertising, on-site product recommendations, and email re-targeting for retailers ranging from $5M to $4B in annual online revenue, including Top 25 retailers in the US.

Prior to Sidecar, Andre was the CEO and Founder of Snipi, Inc. a patented system for people to save their interests while browsing anywhere online. Snipi was featured on the front page of the Wall Street Journal and established partnerships with the world’s leading retail and entertainment brands.

Prior to Snipi, Golsorkhi was the President and Founder of Omeda Design + Technology, which offered design and web application services. From its origins in 2003, Omeda's client roster grew to include Fortune 500 and similarly substantial entities such as IMAX Corporation, Boyd Gaming, and other private and public organizations.

Prior to founding Omeda and while still in college, Golsorkhi recognized the growing interest in portable physician scheduling and billing solutions and, developed MediLync—a proprietary, handheld patient scheduling and billing solution housed in PDAs. At the time, MediLync became the most widely used mobile solution among physician's in small physician practices. The MediLync technology was acquired in 2004.




 




YieldMo
YieldMo is a mobile advertising startup based in New York City. We are a small and dedicated team of engineers and entrepreneurs who value constant improvement, working with smart people, and solving difficult problems.
 The CEO



Investor in 100+ Internet companies such as: Klout, 500px, Meetup, Flurry, TechStars NY, Hashable, Yipit, Tapad, ThinkNear (acquired by TeleNav), Aristotle Circle, Artspace, Streeteasy (Advisor, acquired by Zillow), Voxy and many more!

Building one of the worlds great mobile services and always looking to hire great adtech people!

Built and sold Quigo to AOL for $340M in 2007.




 




Benestream
Uses a combination of technology and a multilingual call center to guide workers through the enrollment process in Medicaid with full reporting to the employer, saving companies time and money.
 The CEO



Ben is an experienced entrepreneur, healthcare policy expert, and member of New York Governor Cuomo’s Health Benefit Exchange Regional Advisory Committee. Before founding BeneStream, Ben was the founder and managing principal of Hudson TG, a policy and political consulting firm, which under his leadership more than doubled in size and revenue in five years. Ben also was an antitrust litigator at Kaye Scholer LLP and Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP. He earned his JD from Fordham Law School.




 




`



				 



CirrusData
An innovative solution for high-speed, low-impact, transparent migration of LUNs from any legacy SAN to any new Fibre Channel, iSCSI, or Cloud storage. Deploy with ZERO downtime, then cut over to new storage in just a few minutes.
 The CEO


CirrusData CEO: Wayne Lam
Wayne has over 25 years of experience in the enterprise storage industry, and has demonstrated an exceptional ability to bring new technologies to market. Wayne was a co-founder of FalconStor Software and was largely responsible for most of its successful storage products. In his career Wayne has founded and co-founded multiple high tech companies, and has led them to successful conclusion. The products created by these companies have been licensed by many storage OEMs throughout the world. With experience in every aspect of the product life-cycle, Wayne has a proven track record of conceiving product ideas by engaging enterprise customers to determine their needs, and then quickly creating start-up companies to bring the ideas to market. With his vast technical expertise and keen business acumen, Wayne is able to communicate effectively to enterprise customers and partners how the products and technologies benefit real life enterprise storage applications. Wayne received a BE in Electrical Engineering from Cooper Union College, 1986. While still in Cooper Union, Wayne started his first company in electronic document imaging and optical storage systems.





 




Bow and Drape
The first platform for women's custom fashion. Choose from a curated collection of apparel & accessories and modify color, fabric, hemlines, and other embellishments using their proprietary tech to create one of a kind items. 
 The CEO



I studied History & Literature in college, focusing part of my studies on early 20th century consumer culture. Then, as all Harvard humanities majors do, took the leap into business. I focused on strategy and management consulting, learning the ins and outs of one of the world's largest international finance firms and applying that training in the retail industry, moonlighting as a Strategic Planner for indi deisgners on nights and weekends. I also sewed my friends "party pants".

I then pursued my dream and became an entrepreneur - and not just because it was the trendy thing to do - because I believed that I could help women find more individuality in their fashion. Individuality, to me, is the future of retail.




 




MoviePass
MoviePass employs location-based technologies to allow individuals to watch movies at local theaters for a fixed monthly price. 
 The CEO



Spikes' career began in 1986 at Motown Records, where he was the product manager for Boyz II Men, Stevie Wonder, Spike Lee, Queen Latifah, and Eddie Murphy. In 1990, Spikes joined Sony Music Entertainment and worked on feature film soundtracks for movies including Jungle Fever, Bad Boys, House Party, House Party 2, Prêt-à-Porter and Darnell Martin's I Like It Like That. In 1994, Spikes became Vice President of Marketing at Miramax Films. At Miramax, Spikes led marketing campaigns for films including Trainspotting, The Crow: City of Angels, Don't Be a Menace, Emma and Scream. From 1996-97, Spikes was Senior Vice President of Marketing at October Films.

Spikes launched MoviePass, in February 2011 along with co-founder Hamet Watt. In October 2012, the company introduced a new evolution of their business model that uses proprietary location-based payment technology, and provides a secure and independent way for MoviePass members to purchase tickets.

Spikes founded the Urbanworld Film Festival in 1997. The festival is held annually in New York City.




 




PartPic
Take the headache out of searching for replacement parts with Partpic - simplifies the search and purchase of replacement parts using visual recognition technology.  (Acquired by Amazon)
 The CEO



An experienced sales and marketing professional, Jewel Burks leads the Partpic team as CEO. Since its founding in August 2013, Jewel has been responsible for building a team, goal setting and execution and fundraising. Prior to founding Partpic, Jewel worked in Enterprise Sales at Google and in Sales Management at McMaster- Carr Industrial Supply. Jewel graduated from Howard University and is from Nashville, Tennessee.




 








Radius8
Radius8 is the intelligent, online­to-offline, cloud native platform enabling retailers to activate the contents of their brick & mortar store for effortless online discovery by consumers who are both online and close to your store.
 The CEO


Radius8 CEO: Sandeep Bhanote
Sandeep Bhanote has over 15 years of experience as a start-up entrepreneur, building strong product, marketing and innovative teams in the retail technology sector and successfully delivering emerging technologies to market in a profitable and scalable way. Prior to founding Radius8, Sandeep was the founder and CEO of Global Bay Mobile Technologies, a pioneer in delivering transactional mobile solutions to emerging Omni and Brick and Mortar retailers and driving the wide adoption of Apple mobile devices in stores. This innovation created the path to closing the gap between digital and brick and mortar channels in retailing.

Under Bhanote's leadership, Global Bay delivered a mobile platform for the retail enterprise which transformed the in-store landscape by delivering integrated MobilePOS, high service-level Clienteling, Inventory Management and other robust omni-channel capabilities. Global Bay was acquired by VeriFone in 2011 and subsequently became part of enterprise omni-channel leader Manhattan Associates in 2014 and serves as the basis for their in-store omni-channel strategy.

Radius8 is driving the next disruption in retail by leveraging the power of location to drive net-new sales to the store. The radius8 platform leverages seamless integration with store inventory and a frictionless consumer experience. Retailers now have a single point of orchestration where they control their physical and digital presence, capturing new customers and increased revenues.





 




Crowded.com
Crowded.com is a best-in-class tech recriting technology platform.
 The CEO



Howie Schwartz is a serial entrepreneur and an active Angel Investor and Venture Capital Fund investor in early stage technology companies, including founding investor ARC Angel Fund I & II (UpNext, Sidecar, Medivo), the Scout Ventures I&II (FlowSearch, MobiTeris, Portalarium, Signpost), FF Ventures Silver, Rose, Saphire (Klout, 500px, Gamesalad, Kohort, Indiegogo), Metamorphic Ventures II, Eniac Ventures II & III, Female Founders Fund, CoVentures I & II, 645 Ventures, Future Perfect Ventures. Angel Investments including OfferVault, Sols, Hatch.co, StatSocial, CareCloud, Funding Wonder, Abandon Interactive Entertainment (Freaky Creatures), Blue Pearl Software (exited), AppMobi (acquired), CIMA Systems, GiftWorks (acquired), Senscient, Sticky, Inc. (acquired), ZoomCar, Augmate, The Water Initiative, nToggle, and other early stage companies.

Previously, Howie founded and was the CEO of Human Demand (Mobile DSP / DMP) acquired by IgnitionOne in August 2014. Co-founded FundingPost and Offermobi (acquired by Moko Media), as well as product & marketing training companies with over 120,000 customers worldwide. In the 90's, Howie spent a decade in the video game industry with companies such as Acclaim, ASC Games, and Sega.

Howie is on the board of the "Friendship Circle"​ (Stamford, CT) which helps children with special needs and actively supports "Al's Angels"​ (CT) which helps children with rare blood diseases and was recognized as "Angel of the Year". Howie lives in CT with his wife and 2 awesome kids.

Howie MAKES STUFF and is fascinated by 3D Printing, laser cutters, CNC routers, sensors, and robotics. Howie is addicted to ordering things on Kickstarter and Indiegogo, loves to ski, rock climb and wants to be able to surf . . .




 




Cuebiq
A next gen location intelligence company that allows businesses to glean actionable insights about real-world consumer behaviors and trends. Cuebiq provides geo-behavioral insights and offline location analytics. 
 The CEO



Industry veteran in mobile marketing, mobile big data, location intelligence, business intelligence, offline analytics, attribution analysis with a deep understanding of SaaS and DaaS (Data as a Service) Business model.
Strong background in managing and scaling international organizations and in high growth startups. 




 




lynq
 The wearable that tracks the location of your group. The weatherproof device, which is not dependent on Wifi, Bluetooth, cell service, or maps, makes sure that everyone is accounted for, whether you are in a state park or in a remote area. 
 The CEO



In October 2014, Dave founded lynQ, the 1st real-time location platform for groups — no phone, cell network, wifi or map required. Dave is a leader and strategic thinker with over 10 years of management experience and a proven track of running a business from end-to-end. Skilled at developing and empowering employees, including leadership of teams with significantly greater experience than myself. He is experienced in the successful evolution of processes, technologies and business intelligence. Passion and drive to accomplish, and motivate others to accomplish, what was once thought difficult or unachievable.




 




Members 


Founding Partners:
David Freschman
Michael Kelley
Edward Reitler
Joe Rubin
Executive Committee:
Joseph R. Saviano
Jeffrey Finkle
Sridhar Chityala
Kevin Pianko
John Ferretti
Steve Madsen
Kumar S. Sripadam
Raymond Sobieski

Evaluation Committee Chairman
Jeffrey Finkle


Sourcing Committee Chairman
Tom Nicholson




Steve Adler : Financial Summit Ventures
Manish Aggarwal : Gold Ridge Asset Management
Jonathan Anapol : Prime Manhattan Realty
David Atadan : Angel Investor
Martin Babinec : UVC / StartFast Accelerator
Kevin Balfe : Mercury Radio Arts, Inc
Marshall Bartlett : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Michael Beller : Lightship Partners
Sandeep	Bhanote : Angel Investor
Matthew Blesso : Blesso Properties
Steve Brotman : Angel Investor
Bernie Chen : Underhill Capital Advisors
Charles Chesler : Old Rock Ventures, LLC
Sridhar	Chityala : Vedas Group
Shreyas	Chityala : Vedas Group
Brian Colton : Angel Investor
Dan Coates : Cordelay Holdings
Brian Corrigan : Angel Investor
Dave Delaney : Lancer Insurance 
Robert Delman : Golden Seeds
Mike Della Penna : Angel Investor
Michael Derikrava : Wild World Investments




Chris Dougherty : Lancer Insurance
Elijah Duckworth-Schachter : Point One Percent
David Dussault : Angel Investor
Richard Ellenson : Angel Investor
Jonah Engler : Angel Investor
Adam Epstein : Credit Suisse
Donald Ershow : Angel Investor
Brad Feld : Foundry Group
John Ferretti : Foxfire Printing & Packaging, Inc.
Jeff Finkle : Odeon Capital
Ruth Fisher : Pereg Holdings
Patrick Foley, Ph.D : Innovation Capital Advisors
Edward EF. Foy : eFashionSolutions
Don Franceschini : Angel Investor
David Freschman : Innovation Capital Advisors, LLC
Robin Freschman : FashInvest
John Gans : Angel Investor
Frank Garland : Angel Investor
Eric Gelb : Angel Investor
Marc Glazer : Business Financial Services, Inc.
Brian Gold : Angel Investor
Edwin Goodman : Milestone Venture Partners
Jeff Guberman : Fourth Wall Events
Bill Harding : Financial Summit Ventures
Michael Herzberg : Roseworth Capital
David Hill : Angel Investor
Brian Hirsch : Tribeca Venture Partners
Ken Huynh : Angel Investor
Nick Jekogian : Signature Community
Leo G. Kailas : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Merle Duskin Kailas : MK Productions Inc.
Lawrence Kaplan : 24th Letter
Jackie Karceski : Dearborn Investments, LLC
Michael Kelley : Merion Investment Partners
Chris Kelly : Piece of Mind Corp
Michael Knox : Gold Ridge Asset Management
Sergei Kovalenko : iTechArt Group
Peter Kranes : Bowery Partners
Rick Kushel : Angel Investor
Frederick Light : Foxfire Printing & Packaging, Inc.
Ross Lipson : Angel Investor
Winston Lowe : ShepardLowe LLC
Stephen Madsen : Angel Investor





Bernard Mantha : Angel Investor
Alan McGlade : DEV
Eileen McNamara-Raisch : Angel Investor
Arsen Mrakovcic : Larchmont Capital
David Neveloff : Angel Investor
Jim Nichols : Shorefront Capital Partners LLC
Tom Nicholson : Nicholson | NY LLC
Gordon Ogden, CRE : Byrnam Wood, LLC
Thomas P. Ogden : Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP
Ernie Osle: UBS Financial Services
Stephen Pelletier : SPELLNET
Luis Perez : Parenting Bridge
Scott Peters : JEGI
Bre Pettis : Makerbot
Kevin M. Pianko : Weiser LLP
Jeremy Raccio : Angel Investor
Edward Reitler : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Peter Rothberg : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Joe Rubin : FundingPost
Shioulin Sam : Angel Investor
Robert Saunders : Angel Investor
Joseph Saviano : Baker Capital
Bharat Sawhney : Angel Investor
Harris Schwartz : Angel Investor
Howie Schwartz : Angel Investor
Lokesh Seth : Angel Investor
Richard Sheldon : Angel Investor
Jim Shepard : ShepardLowe LLC
Jeff Silverman : Laconia Capital
Lee Silverstein : Angel Investor
Steve Sinek : Dearborn Investments, LLC
Vamsi Sistla : Angel Investor
Brett Smith : Propeller Investments LLC
Leeana A. Smith-Ryland : CS Wilton Group LLC
Raymond Sobieski : R2 LLC
Kumar S. Sripadam : Angel Investor
Christine Tate : Angel Investor
Tracy Tomasso : Cordelay Holdings
Thomas Volker : Angel Investor
John Watkins : Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
Peter Weiss : Angel Investor
Jamie Weston : Angel Investor
Michael Yang : Angel Investor
Joseph M. Zawadzki : MediaMath LLC 
Adam Zurofsky : Angel Investor




Founding Partners 






 Read More



David J. Freschman, Founder Emeritus
Our friend David cofounded ARC Angel Fund with us in 2010. His generousity, business acumen and sense of humor remain an inspiration to us all.

In addition to ARC, Mr. Freschman was a Managing Principal of Innovation Capital Advisors, LLC (ICA). ICA serves as the management company of Innovation Ventures, L.P. (IV), and the Delaware Innovation Fund (DIF). He had served as the President and CEO of the DIF since its establishment in 1995. The DIF is a seed- and early-stage venture capital fund that focuses on entrepreneurial ventures in the Mid-Atlantic region. Mr. Freschman had been responsible for all aspects of IV’s and the DIF’s management since its inception, including the business strategy, fiscal and operational management, raising investment capital, and evaluating all investment opportunities and portfolio company management.

Mr. Freschman was very active in the venture and entrepreneurial communities. He was one of the organizers and initial investors in the Mid-Atlantic Angel Group, where he served on the angel fund’s Executive and Investment Committees. He sat on a number of Boards, and has been a lecturer on venture capital, entrepreneurship and angel investing at The White House Conference on Small Business, The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Temple University, the University of Delaware, Goldey-Beacom College, and Loyola College in Baltimore. He was the creator and founder of Early Stage East – the premier early-stage venture capital event on the East Coast. In 2001, Mr. Freschman was appointed by Gov. Ruth Ann Minner to chair the venture capital study of Delaware’s Strategic Economic Council. Mr. Freschman was appointed and served a three-year term representing New Castle County, Delaware, on the Small Business Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia through 2002.

Prior to establishing the DIF, Mr. Freschman was responsible for the formation of the corporate finance advisory division of McBride Shopa & Company, one of the largest certified public accounting and consulting firms in Delaware. Mr. Freschman began his career with the Enterprise Group of the Philadelphia office of Arthur Andersen, LLP, from 1984 through 1989. He graduated with honors with an MBA from Loyola College of Maryland and cum laude from the University of Delaware with a B.S. in accounting, where he was a John B. Lynch Scholar. He was also a member of Beta Gamma Sigma – the National Honor Society.

Mr. Freschman is survived by his wife, two kids, and thousands of people whose lives he has touched. 




DAVID FRESCHMAN
 





 Read More




For more than 15 years, Michael Kelley has been executing and managing principal investments in private equity. Currently a Director at Merion Investment Partners, a subordinated debt and equity fund with assets under management of $240MM. Prior to Merion, he was the founder and principal of Formation Capital, Inc. ("Formation"), which managed capital in excess of $50 million in equity invested in 30 investments. Formation's venture portfolio includes Foxfire Printing and Packaging, iProcess Online and Performance Systems Development. Prior to Formation, Mr. Kelley was a principal with HK Special Situations Group, where he provided advisory services to the US Small Business Administration regarding a troubled Small Business Investment Company. He was also a principal with GSA Management and with Intrust USA. At Intrust he was responsible for raising and investing 4 real estate tax credit funds and one venture capital fund. In addition to serving as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Delaware Innovation Fund, Mr. Kelley sits on the boards of Foxfire Printing, Early Stage East, and the Metropolitan Wilmington Urban League. Mr. Kelley received his BA degree in History magna cum laude from the University of Delaware. 




MICHAEL KELLEY
 





 Read More


Ed is the senior member of Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC.  He and his firm handle a wide variety of corporate matters including private equity, venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, capital markets and joint ventures transactions. 

Ed is one of the leading venture attorneys in the northeast and has represented dozens of venture funds and their portfolio companies.  Notable venture funds include Spark Capital, Safeguard Scientific, Edison Venture, Starvest, First Round, Milestone Ventures, Tribeca Venture Partners, New Spring Capital, New Atlantic Ventures, Osage Venture Partners, Paladin Capital, SJF Ventures, ff Venture Capital, Vocap Ventures, and Gen Y Capital Partners. Notable portfolio company clients include Warby Parker, MediaMath, BillTrust, Business Financial Services, LifeStreet, Service Channel, Spongecell, Pontiflex, FMS, Yieldbot, Kemp Technologies and Aspire Financial.

In addition to ARC, Ed is also a co-founder of the Female Founders Fund, L.P., a seed fund investing in women led businesses targeting the female consumer.  He is a frequent speaker and panelist on issues affecting the private equity and venture capital markets and is a regular guest lecturer on venture capital finance at Columbia Business School.
Ed is a member of the Board of Directors of Business Financial Services, a credit card accounts receivable factor, gCommerce, Inc., an inventory management and custom order software developer, and Brightbox, a technology and consumer services company.  Ed also serves on the technology committee of the New York City Investment Fund, a venture fund that co-invests in early stage businesses in New York City.  Ed is a member of Board of Advisors for North West Fund for England, the Nex Gen Fund and Lyric Financial.  Ed has also served on the Board of Trustees of the Harvard Law School Alumni Association of New York.  He is a frequent speaker and panelist on issues affecting the venture capital and private equity markets and is a regular guest lecturer on venture capital finance at Columbia Business School.  Ed graduated from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude, where he was an Editor and a contributor to the Journal of Law and Public Policy and a contributor to the Harvard Journal of Legislation.  After a clerkship with the Hon. J. Edward Lumbard (United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit), he joined Cravath, Swaine & Moore in 1991.  He joined Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC in 1998 as a member.
 




Ed Reitler
 





 Read More


Joe Rubin is a Director & Co-Founder of FundingPost.com. FundingPost has been introducing entrepreneurs to investors nationwide for over 15 years through its Online Venture Exchange and Dealflow Magazine, and organizes Venture Capital and Angel Investor Conferences in 23 cities nationwide. Joe has also invested in over a dozen seed deals, including Sticky, Inc. (acquired by Splashtop, Inc.), Senscient, appMobi, Giftworks (acquired by Frontstream Payments), CIMA Systems, was an investor and on the advisory board of Offermobi (acquired by Moko.mobi), Human Demand (acquired by IgnitionOne) and an advisor to Gozaik (acquired by Monster), Augmate and Waveborn Sunglasses. Joe spends most of his time working with investors and helping early-stage entrepreneurs, and speaks at events such as the NYC Economic Development Corporation's Jumpstart and Fasttrac Programs, Early-Stage-East, and Connecticut's CTech, is a speaker at and sponsor of the UCLA Private Equity Club and Disruptive Technologists in NYC, and a Mentor to Angel Groups such as 37 Angels, Accel Foods and TopStone Angels. Joe is also a Founding Partner of ARC Angel Fund 1 & 2, seed tech funds based in NYC which have invested in, among others: Upnext (acquired by Amazon), Medivo, Sidecar, Careerminds, Kanvas (acquired by AOL), Partpic, and is a prior board member of the Crowdfund Intermediary Regulatory Advocates (CFIRA) and a founder of FP Angels, a national Angel Investor Group.

Prior to FundingPost, Joe was instrumental in helping to raise $2.5 Million in angel and venture capital for his dot.com start-up producing a family-friendly network and over 100 flash-based video games which were playable online and sold as a compilation in stores like Comp USA. Joe was also the Webmaster at Knight Securities (NASD: NITE), where he helped to design its online trading platform and website. Prior to working Online, Joe worked in television and graphic design for companies such as NBC and MTV, in addition to doing freelance commercial production. Joe began working in television production, graphic design and 3D animation professionally when he was 15, and graduated from Hofstra University with a B.A. in Communications. He now lives in Connecticut with his wife and 2 children. 




Joe Rubin
 






News 




Lynq, NYC Startup Raised $1.9M To Make Sure You Never Get Lost AlleyWatch, July 7, 2017




Sidecar Closes $11 Million Series C Investment Round May 11, 2017 




This NYC Startup, Cuebiq, Just Raised $3.5M To Bring Location Data to Your Marketing Efforts AlleyWatch, Feb 8, 2017




Yieldmo, a New York City-based ad tech startup, has raised $8.8 million Fortune, June 28, 2017




0
1
2
3












The 1st Member-Managed Angel Fund in NYC


Contact

 
885 3rd Ave, 20th Fl New York, NY 10022

 
info@arcangelfund.com




Latest Tweet
Tweets by @arcangelfund



Newsletter
Get our latest news.







 





©2010-2015 Angel Round Capital Fund, LP 




 
 
 






Los Angeles Venture Capital Directory | Cayenne Consulting              skip to Main Content Menu Established in 2001  •  $4.3+ Billion Raised  •  1,900+ ClientsGet Started Now! Los Angeles Venture Capital DirectoryHome » Resources » Library » Regional Resources » Los Angeles & Orange County » Venture Capital & Angel Directory LA / OC Venture Capital and Angel Fund DirectoryFirmTeamLocationSizeTypeAreas of FocusAnthem Venture PartnersWilliam Woodward Brian Mesic Samit VarmaSanta Monica, CAEarly StageInformation Technology, Internet, New MediaArcturus CapitalStevan Birnbaum Donald Hall Stephen WatkinsPasadena, CAEarly StageMedical Devices, Biotech, Hardware, Software, Internet, Automation, OpticsBaroda VenturesDavid Bohett Peter LeeBeverly Hills, CASeed, Series AConsumer Internet, SaaSBlade VenturesCraig Gunther Brain Flucht Rajeev Varshneya Ram ParameswaranMission Viejo, CALater Stage VenturesIT Services, Media and Entertainment, TechnologyBrentwood AssociatesWilliam Barnum Anthony ChoeLos Angeles, CA$650mPrivate EquityBranded consumer products; consumer and business services; direct marketing, including direct mail and e-commerce; education; health and wellness; restaurants; and specialty retailCalifornia Technology VenturesAlexander Suh William Hanna Dorothy PavloffPasadena, CAEarly StageInformation & Communications Technology, Telecommunications, Electronics, Semiconductors, Software & Systems, Multimedia, Internet, Life Sciences, Biotech, Medical DevicesCaltius Equity PartnersJim Upchurch Michael KaneLos Angeles, CALater StageHealthcare Services and Products, Food and Beverage, Consumer Services and Products, Business Services, Light ManufacturingCarlyle GroupWilliam Conway Jr. Daniel D’Aniello David Rubenstein Glenn Youngkin Adena Friedman Jeffrey FergusonLos Angeles, CA$5B +Private Equity – Late StageAerospace/Defense, Automotive and Transportation, Consumer and Retail, Energy and Power, Financial Services, Healthcare, Industrial Infrastructure, Real Estate, Tech and Business ServicesPalisades Growth Capital (formerly Centre Palisades Ventures)Paul D’Addario Bruce PollackLos Angeles, CAGrowth StageInformation Technology, Communications, Media TechnologiesClearstone Venture PartnersBill Elkus Jim Armstrong Sumant MandalSanta Monica, CA$600MEarly & Growth StageInfrastructure, eCommerce, social, mobileD. E. Shaw GroupDavid ShawNewport Beach, CAEarly StageFinancial ServicesFinaventures focusesRachid Sefrioui Sam Lee,Santa Monica, CAEarly Stage/GrowthIT Services, SoftwareFrontier Venture CapitalDavid Cremin Scott Lenet Frank FosterSherman Oaks, CA$5B+Startup/SeedBusiness Products and Services, Consumer Products and Services, Financial Services, Internet Media and Entertainment, Retailing/Distribution, Software, TechnologyFuse CapitalDavid Britts Keyur Patel Roland Van der MeerSanta Monica, CAEarly StageDigital Media, CommunicationsHamilton Apex VenturesRobert Ellsworth Richard Crosby Donald Grimm Kerry Dance Malcolm FinlaysonSolana Beach, CA$100M +Startup Seed, Early StageBioPharma, Therapeutic Med Devices, BioTech Platforms, Drug DeliveryLovell Minnick PartnersJeffrey Lovell James Minnick Jennings Newcom John CochranEl Segundo, CA$500M +Later StageBusiness Products and Services, Financial Services, Industrial/Energy, IT Services, SoftwareMarch Capital PartnersJim Armstrong, Sumant Mandal, Gregory Milken, Jamie MontgomerySanta Monica, CAUndisclosedEarly through Late StageTechnologyMiramar Venture PartnersBruce Hallett Bob Holmen Heiner Sussner Rick FinkCorona Del Mar, CA$1B +Early and Expansion StageIT Services/SoftwareMomentum Venture ManagementAndy Wilson Matt Ridenour Stuart MacFarlane Jonathan NiednagelAltadena, CA$100M +Early StageNo longer seeking new investmentsO’Connor VenturesKevin O’ConnorSanta Barbara, CAStartup/Seed, Early StageNo longer seeking new investmentsOkapi Ventrure CapitalB. Mark Averitt Sharon StevensonLaguna Beach, CAStartup/Early StageLife Sciences and ITPalomar VenturesJim Gauger Bob Obuch Amanda Reed Scott WaltersIrvine, CA$500M+Startup Seed, Early StageITPasadena AngelsPasadena, CAStartupsVariousRedpoint VenturesAllen Beasley Jeff Brody Satish Dharmaraj Tom Dyal Joel EnglanderLos Angeles, CA$500MStartup, Early Stage, Growth, ExpansionConsumer Products and Services, Industrial/Energy, Internet, Media and Entertainment, Semiconductors, Software, TechnologyRustic Canyon PartnersTom Unterman Nate RedmondSanta Monica, CAEarly StageInternet and Digital Media, Energy and EfficiencySail Venture PartnersHenry Habicht Walter Schindler Alan Sellers Michael Hammons Chris RhoadesIrvine, CA$1B+Startup/Seed, Early Stage, Expansion, Later StageFinancial, Energy, IT Services, SoftwareSt. Cloud Capital LLCMarshall Geller Kacy RozelleLos Angeles, CAEarly and Later StageServices, Products, Proven Technologies, and Market NichesTech Coast AngelsSteve FlaimLos Angeles & Orange CountyStartupsUpfront Ventures (formerly GRP Partners)Steven Dietz Brian McLoughlin Yves Sisterton Mark SusterLos Angeles, CAFinancial Services, Technologies, Consumer and Retail Innovation, Digital Media and Performance Based Marketing, SaaS and Cloud Infrastructure, Mobile ApplicationsVersant VenturesBarbara Lubash Bradley Bolzon Brain Atwood Camille SamuelsNewport Beach, CA$1.6BEarly StageMedical Devices, Biotechnology, PharmaceuticalsVicente Capital PartnersJay Ferguson Klaus Koch Nicholas MemmoLos Angeles, CALater StageBusiness Products and Services, Healthcare, Internet, Networking and Equipment, TelecommunicationsWavemaker Partners (formerly Frontera Group)Sherman Oaks, CAStartup/Seed, Early StageBusiness Products and Services, Consumer Products and Services, Internet, Media and Entertainment, Retailing/Distribution, Software, Technology, TelecommunicationsWedbush Capital PartnersGeoff Bland Peter Shoemaker Eric WedbushLos Angeles, CA$100MLater StageBusiness & Financial Services, Consumer Products & Services, ManufacturingIf you identify any errors or omissions on this list, please contact us.Copy written by Akira Hirai. No part of this website may be copied without prior written permission. Protected by Copyscape Online Plagiarism Detector. © 2001-2017 Cayenne Consulting®, LLC    HomeAboutAbout UsConsulting TeamSenior AdvisorsIn the MediaFAQsServicesBusiness Plan PreparationPitch Deck (Investor Presentation) DesignFinancial Forecasting and AnalysisBusiness Plan MakeoverBusiness Plan and Financial Model ReviewsFranchise Business PlansImmigration Visa Business PlansBusiness Model DesignBusiness ValuationsMarket & Competitor ResearchExecutive Education SeminarsExit & Succession PlanningGrant Writing & NFP Fundraising ServicesInternational Business ConsultingSBA Certification ServicesStrategic & Tactical PlanningBusiness Turnaround ConsultingExperienceClean TechConsumer Products & ServicesEducation & E-LearningFinancial ServicesHealthcare, Biotech & Medical DevicesManufacturing, Industrial & AerospaceMedia & EntertainmentMobile, Software & InternetNon-ProfitsProfessional & Business ServicesReal Estate & ConstructionRestaurant, Lounge & BarSemiconductor, Hardware & NetworkingTelecommunicationsLocationsAustin, TXBoston, MAChicago, ILDenver, COLos Angeles, CANew York, NYOrange County, CAPhiladelphia, PAPhoenix & Tucson, AZPittsburgh, PAPortland, ORSalt Lake City, UTSan Francisco, CASão Paulo, BrazilSeattle, WASydney, AustraliaTampa & Orlando, FLWashington, DCClientsClean TechConsumer Products & ServicesEducation & E-LearningFinancial ServicesHardware & NetworkingHealthcare & MedicalInternationalManufacturing & IndustrialMedia & EntertainmentNot-for-ProfitProfessional Services & B2BReal Estate & HospitalityRestaurant, Lounge & BarSoftware, Internet & MobileTelecommunicationsBlogResourcesEntrepreneur’s LibraryHigh Tech Startup Valuation EstimatorWhy Business Plans Don’t Get FundedWhat Kills Startups?Options for Creating Your Business PlanContactRequest QuoteContact InformationSubscribe to the NewsletterSend Feedback   Back To TopSearch  Search   Submit  




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































Angel Investors and Start Up Funding | Funded.com

 



















             World's  Leading  Accredited investor Network.  Get connected with the right financing for  your business. Entrepreneurs are getting funded,why shouldn't you?   Get Started     Angel Investors Startup Funding  Get Started     Business Funding Venture Capital  Get Started       Business Plan  Let us write your Business Plan   Get Started                   Connect with millions of dollars in funding and join the ranks of the funded at Funded.com ®      




Currently Trending:




Move Over Uber!
Disruptive Technology - High ROI - Quick Exit
New York New York


Amount $500,000

 





NEW E-COMMERCE STORE I...
M/S SVOCAN HANDICRAFTS IS SELLING HOME FURNISHING PRODUCTS ONLINE THROUGH EBAY.COM, EBAY.CO.UK, EBAY.COM.AU & AMAZON.COM. NOW WE ARE DEVELOPING OUR OWN E-COMMERCE STORE. WE NEED SEED FUNDING OF 10 MILLION USD.
Yamuna Nagar


Amount $10,000,000

 





https://legalmap.net/en
You can find a lawyer anywhere using the location data. Uber for lawyers
Kiev, Ukraine


Amount $100 000 

 





Mass Organic Production
Growing organic produce to set standards and providing organic options more affordable.
SPRING, TX


Amount $500,000

 
















NEWS RELEASE - Commercial real estate venture gets funded for $250K from funded.com's funding provider. Comment: I was very pleased with the speed and professional attitude of the site. I will recommend this to anyone in the future. 

Greg S
 Decatur, IL





"Funded.com has been great and my project is in the final stages of being funded by an investor I found on here. I was surprized at the quick process and how fast investors funded my project. Website was a big help!" 

Rick R 
Entreprenuer





Let me first start by saying I believe your site is THE BEST there is for connecting Entrepreneurs and Investors.  It is the site I've had most success with.  I had about 6 Investors either respond back or contact me because of your site with an interest in investing in my company. Thank you very much!  I love your site and will recommend it to any of my Colleagues.  I love the fact that we are able to contact the Investors directly (which many of the sites joining Entrepreneurs and Investors don't allow).  It looks like I'm about to go into contract with an Investor because of your site.  Thank you again. 

Faith D
Entreprenuer





I am grateful I had the opportunity to access your network of investors. I am reasonably confident that the current negotiations with one of your investors will go through for our film production. I will be back for my next production. 

Oscar S
Entreprenuer








Feedback and Funded







Do you need help with your Business Plan?
Let Us Professionally Write Your Business Plan
Learn More









FOLLOW US




 




 As seen on 



Trusted 



















ABOUT US

About Funded
Blog
Contact Us
How it works
Reviews





DEFINITIONS: What is?

Angel Investor
Venture Capital

Private Equity

Investors
Lenders





SITE

Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Report an Issue
Business Plan





YOUR MEMBERSHIP

Log In
Member Join Up
Investor Join Up






Copyright ©2017 by Funded.com®
Funded.com® is a network that provides a platform for start up and existing businesses, projects, ideas, patents or fundraising to connect with funding sources. Funded.com® is not a registered broker or dealer and does not offer investment advice or advice on the raising of capital through securities offering. Funded.com® does not provide funding or make any recommendations or suggestions to an investor to make an investment in a particular company nor take part in the negotiations or execution of any transaction or deal. Funded.com® does not purchase, sell, negotiate execute, take possession or is compensated by securities in any way, or at any time, nor is it permitted through our platform. We are not an equity crowdfunding platform or portal.














