 Donald J. Nolan - Nolan Law Group  Search312.630.4000     |     contact@nolan-law.com Search for:      Donald J. Nolan Home / Professionals / Donald J. Nolan   Donald J. Nolan is a nationally-acclaimed lawyer and founder of Nolan Law Group which has become one of the nation’s most prestigious and well-recognized plaintiff firms.In the area of aviation law, Donald Nolan has represented the rights of victims and families in air disasters around the world. His work has led to the redesign of several safety systems and defective components of major commercial and general aviation aircraft. In the course of his career, he has been appointed as Lead Counsel and to leadership positions in a multitude of air crash cases in state and federal courts throughout the country.While he has consistently been named to the Bar Register of Pre-eminent Lawyers and has been named a Leading American Attorney in Personal Injury Law, a distinction less than 6% of practicing attorneys can claim, he considers the creation of the firm itself and establishment of an experienced, competent & well-versed staff as the hallmark of a career dedicated to clients needs.He continues to represent clients from around the world on a select basis in the most tragic of cases.Memberships and SocietiesAmerican Bar AssociationAviation and Space Law CommitteeAssociation of Trial Lawyers of America Aviation Law Section, Chair, 2004 Leaders Forum, MemberATLA PAC Eagle MemberRailroad Section, Chair, 1988-1999Traumatic Brain Injury Litigation Group, President, 2001-2002Editor of TBI Litigation Group Newsletter, President, and Executive Committee MemberBirth Trauma Litigation Group, MemberIllinois Trial Lawyers Association Secretary, 1996-1997Illinois State Bar AssociationAppointment to Tort Section Council, 1994-1996Chicago Bar Association, MemberAppointment to Public Affairs/Media Relations Committee, 1996-1999Long Range Planning, Chair 1997-1999Tort Litigation Committee, Chair, 1989-1990 and Vice-Chair, 1988-1989Judicial Evaluation Committee, 1984-1987Industrial Commission, 1982-1983Civil Practice, 1981-1982National Air Disaster Alliance/FoundationNational Transportation Safety Board Bar AssociationLawyers Pilots Bar AssociationAssociation for Transportation Law, Logistics and PolicyBrain Injury Association of IllinoisBoard of Directors, 1996-2001Honorary Member of the Board of Directors since 2002Spinal Cord Injury AssociationDePaul Aviation Institute Advisory Board MemberCivil Justice Foundation TrusteeTrial Lawyers for Public JusticeMelvin Belli SocietyAppointments and CasesPlaintiffs’ Steering Committee, American Airlines Flight 587Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, Singapore Airlines Flight SQ006Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, EgyptAir Flight 990Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, TWA Flight 800Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, Swissair Flight 111Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee, USAir Flight 427Plaintiffs’ Liaison counsel, United Airlines Flight 585Plaintiffs’ Discovery Committee and Trial Team, American Eagle Flight 4184Illinois Supreme Court Committee on IPI Jury InstructionPlaintiffs’ Steering Committee Silk Air Flight 185Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee Air Philippines Flight 541 – Lead CounselPlaintiffs’ Steering Committee Corporate Air – Lead CounselGaruda Flight 152Silk Air Flight 185LAPA Airlines Flight 3142Air Philippines Flight 541China Airlines Flight CI-611Garuda Flight 421American Trans Air Flight 208Flash AirlinesAmerican Eagle Flight 5401Corporate Airlines Flight 5966Circuit City Corporate JetUnited Flight 232Austral Airlines Flight 2553Mandela AirlinesLion Air Flight 538Air France Flight 358Presentations2007 American Association for Justice Annual Convention Aviation Law Section Opening Statements, Speaker Chicago, Illinois July 20072006 Annual Brain Injury Association of Illinois Education Conference Pulling It All Together, Speaker Oakbrook, Illinois October 20062005 Annual ATLA Conference Aviation Law Section Panel Member Toronto Canada July 20052005 Conference on Brain Injury Brain Injury Association of Utah and The Utah Trial Lawyers Association Pulling It All Together, Speaker Salt Lake City, Utah March 3-4, 2005North American Brain Injury Society Annual Brain Injury Medical-Legal Conference Putting It All Together, Speaker Napa, California October 8-10, 2004ATLA Annual Convention 2003 Aviation Law Section Program Media Relations & Disaster Assistance in Complex Accidents, Moderator San Francisco, California July 21, 2003Traumatic Brain Injury Litigation Group Program Defeating the Defenses in Traumatic Brain Injury Cases, Moderator San Francisco, California July 20, 2003ATLA Annual Convention 2002 Emerging Issues: Airports and Airplanes, Panel Atlanta, Georgia July 21, 2002Southern Methodist University Annual Aviation Law Symposium, Speaker Dallas, Texas, February 22 – 23, 2001 Pre-Impact TerrorAmerican Bar Association Aviation Issues in the New Millennium Conference, Moderator Washington, D.C. October 19 – 21, 2000Brain Injury Association of Illinois Annual Education Conference, Speaker Lisle, Illinois, October 16, 1999 Pediatric Life Care PlanningBrain Injury Association of California Annual Conference, Paper San Francisco, October 12, 1999 Special Opening Statement Techniques in the M.T.B.I. CaseJohn Marshall Law School Legal and Medical Seminar, Paper Chicago, Illinois, September 9, 1999 Mild Traumatic Brain InjuryTraumatic Brain Injury Seminar, Speaker Columbus, Ohio, June 3-4, 1999 The Ultimate T.B.I NotebookUtah Trial lawyers Association Winning Brain Injury Cases: Medical, Legal and Technological Issues, Speaker Salt Lake City, Utah, January 28-29, 1999 The Ultimate Trial NotebookHandling the Severe TBI Case: Settlement and Trial Perspectives Direct Examination of Medical and Defense Experts in the Mild to Moderate TBI CaseBrain Injury Association Annual conference for Attorneys, Speaker Palm Beach, Florida, September 17-19, 1998 Organizing the File and Preparing the Case For Settlement or TrialThe Brain Injury Association of New York State Understanding the Medical and Legal Aspects of Traumatic Brain Injury, SpeakerNew York, New York, June 18-19, 1998 Final Arguments in Brain Injury CasesVocational Economics, Inc. Defining Monetary Damages, Speaker San Francisco, California, November 12, 1997 Overview of a Traumatic Brain Injury Case Opening Statement Appropriate Use of a Vocational Economic ExpertBrain Injury Association of Illinois Annual Educational conference, Speaker Lisle, Illinois, October 24-25, 1997 Lawsuits and Workers’ compensation claims: What Brain Injury Patients and Health Care Providers Should Know About Legal Rights and RemediesBrain Injury Association, Inc. Annual Conference for Attorneys, Speaker San Francisco, California, September 25-27, 1997 Organizing the File and Preparing the Case For Settlements or TrialVocational Economics, Inc. Defining Monetary Damages, Speaker Chicago, Illinois, September 12, 1997 Overview of a Traumatic Brain Injury Case Opening StatementAssociation of Trial Lawyers of America Annual convention, Speaker San Diego, California, July 19-23, 1997 Summation in the Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Case The Use of Demonstrative Evidence in Construction Site AccidentsBrain Injury Association of Wisconsin Annual Seminar, Speaker May 30-31, 1997 Presentation of the Brain Stem CaseAssociation of Trial Lawyers of America New Jersey Educational Foundation Boardwalk Seminar, Speaker Atlantic City, New Jersey, April 18, 1997 Preparing the Case for Settlement and TrialSouthern Trial Lawyers Association, Speaker New Orleans, Louisiana, February 9, 1997 Demonstrative Evidence in Both Head and Neck InjuriesBrain Injury Association of North Carolina, Speaker Charlotte, North Carolina, January 24, 1997 Evaluation of Claims involving Brainstem InjuriesAssociation of Trial Lawyers of America Mid-Winter Convention, Speaker Boca Raton, Florida, January 20, 1997 Voir Dire in the Mild Brain Injury CaseBrain Injury Association of Illinois Educational Conference, Speaker Lisle, Illinois, October 4, 1996 Unifying the Medical-Legal Approach to Traumatic Brain InjuryBrain Injury Association Annual Conference for Attorneys, Speaker Palm Beach, Florida, September 19, 1996 Preparing the Post Concussion Syndrome Case for Settlement and TrialAssociation of Trial Lawyers of America Annual Convention, Speaker Boston, Massachusetts, July 29, 1996 Traumatic Brainstem InjuryBrain Injury Association of Michigan, Speaker Flint, Michigan, March 28, 1996 Understanding Economic Consequences of Traumatic Brain InjurySouthern Trial Lawyers Association Mardi Gras Conference, Speaker New Orleans, Louisiana, February 19, 1996 Proving the Invisible Injury: Seeing is BelievingBrain Injury Association of North Carolina, Speaker Charlotte, North Carolina, January 29, 1996 Direct Examination of Vocational Economic AnalystBrain Injury Association of Wisconsin, Speaker Milwaukee, Wisconsin, January 5, 1996 The No Reported Loss of Consciousness Case: Panel Discussion Effective Summation in Traumatic Brain Injury CasesThe National Head Injury Foundation, 14th Annual National Symposium, Speaker San Diego, California, December 3-5, 1995 Informed Consent: What’s it all about?Southern Trial Lawyers Association, Moderator New Orleans, Louisiana, February, 1995 Proving Mild Traumatic Brain InjuryChicago Bar Association, Program Moderator Chicago, Illinois, February 14, 1990 The Wrongful Death Act: Obtaining the Successful Result2005 Annual ATLA Conference Aviation Law Section Panel Member Toronto Canada July 2005Academic BackgroundDePaul University, College of Law, Chicago, Illinois, J.D. – 1977Elmhurst College, Elmhurst, Illinois, B.A. – 1974 HonorsProfessional ExperienceNolan Law Group, Chicago, Illinois 1981 – presentPrincipal of nine-attorney law firm that concentrates on litigation involving wrongful death and representation of people who have suffered serious personal injuries from aviation disasters, railroad disasters, vehicular collisions, work-related and unsafe premises occurrences, unsafe products, medical malpractice and other related areas.A. Dennison Weaver, Ltd., Chicago, Illinois-Associate, 1979 – 1981Garreston and Santora, Chicago, Illinois-Associate, 1977 – 1979AdmissionsDistrict of Colorado – 2007New York State Bar – 2003United States Court of Appeals, Seventh Circuit – 1992 Trial Bar,United States District Court, Northern District of Illinois – 1983United States District Court, Northern District of Illinois – 1977Illinois State Bar – 1977Awards and RecognitionsLeading Lawyers Network, The Top LawyersATLA Board of Governors Leaders Forum 2004Civil Justice Foundation Honor Roll of Champions 2004The Bar Register of Pre-eminent Lawyers 87th Edition 20031st Annual Lighthouse Award For unwavering support, encouragement and guidance. Presented by the Brain Injury Association of Illinois October 4, 2002Toe Tonahill Award ATLA, New Lawyers Division Annual Conference July 21, 2000Brain Injury Association Certificate of Appreciation Presented by the Brain Injury Association of New York June 23-23, 2000Supporting Fellow Roscoe Pound Foundation August 31, 1998Chicago Bar Association Certificate of Appreciation For service to the organized bar and the association as Chair of the Long Range Planning Committee June 1998ATLA Board of Governors Presidents Club 1998Presidents Award In appreciation for providing continuous and exemplary support of programs and services Presented by the Brain Injury Association of Illinois October 24, 1997Recognized as a “Special Friend” of the Brain Injury Association of Illinois For exceptional support and commitment to increasing the quality of life for the brain injured person and their family. Presented by the Brain Injury Association of Illinois October 4, 1996AV Peer Review Rated  




Nolan Donald 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017



















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017







Don Nolan Named Kennametal CEO




















































































Account Settings
Order History


Logout










-
							
								Select Different Account

Go To Konnect
Marketing Resource Protal


Account Settings
Order History


Logout





 


Marketing Resource Protal
Account Settings





 








                                
                                    
                                    
                                        Existing Customer
                                    
                                
                            




				  		
				  			
				  			
				  				Login
				  			
				  		

			  		
Need Help Logging In?

					  		
					  			
					  			
					  				New Customer
					  			
					  		
				  		

					  		
					  			
					  			
					  				Request an Account
					  			
					  		
					  		
				  		






			  	This username or password is not recognized
			  

			  	
				  	
		  				All Internal Kennametal accounts will need to login at Konnect
		  			
		  			
	  			
	  			Click here to go to Konnect System.


			  	Something went wrong!
			  





	        		ERROR
	        	

Close
















  











Order Products Online






English
Deutsch
简体中文
Français
Italiano
Português
日本語
India
한국어
Español
Türk
Polski
Český
Pусский язык













Product Selector







								Search













Products


Metalworking Tools


Mining


Construction


Engineered Components


Powdered Materials and Equipment


Wear Components




Industry Solutions


Aerospace


Earthworks


Energy


Transportation


General Engineering


Machine Tool Industry




Services


Kennametal Carbide Recycling


ToolBOSS Tool Vending Machines


Reconditioning Services


Cost Per Part Program


Repair Services


Rapid Response Centers


E-Business




Resources


Find A Distributor


Training


Catalogs and Literature


Engineering Calculators


Conversion Guide


CAD Drawings


Technical Tips


Product Selector


Software


msds




Support


Contact Customer Support


Material Safety Data Sheets


Kennametal Global Headquarters




About Us


Board of Directors


Kennametal Careers


Company Profile


Corporate Sustainability


Environment, Health, and Safety - EHS


Ethics and Compliance


Doing Business with Kennametal


Events


History


Kennametal Foundation


Investor Relations


Management Team


News
















Home/About Us/News/Don Nolan Named Kennametal CEO


Kennametal Board Names Don Nolan Chief Executive Officer

 
- Executive known for leading growth-oriented transformations at Avery Dennison and Valspar
 - Demonstrated success driving materials innovation and customer engagement
LATROBE, Pa., USA: Nov. 17, 2014 — The board of directors of Kennametal Inc. (NYSE: KMT) today announced the appointment of Donald (Don) A. Nolan as the company’s president, chief executive officer (CEO) and member of the board of directors, while electing William R. Newlin, lead director, to serve as chairman of the board, both effective Nov. 17, 2014, facilitating a clear-cut, transparent transition of immediate effect. As previously announced, Carlos Cardoso’s retirement is effective Dec. 31, 2014.
"In Don Nolan, we have selected a dynamic leader with deep expertise in materials and metallurgy and an excellent track record delivering growth and performance objectives," said Newlin. "We expect Don to accelerate the company’s growth with industry-leading customer engagement and innovation, while ensuring we have the right people, portfolio, cost structure and performance to serve Kennametal."
"To lead this company at this time is an amazing opportunity," said Nolan. "Kennametal stands apart among industrial companies as a genuine innovator, serving customers’ most extreme engineering needs to increase uptime. I am both honored and inspired to build on that value proposition for all of our stakeholders."
Nolan has served Avery Dennison Corporation since 2008, most recently as president of the company’s $4.5 billion Materials Group, where he increased innovation, growth and profitability. Prior to that, he advanced in leadership roles at several industrial peers, including Valspar Corporation; Loctite Corporation; and Ashland Chemical Company. Earlier in his career, Nolan held sales positions at General Electric Company and at Latrobe Steel, then a subsidiary of The Timken Company.
Nolan holds a Bachelor of Science in Materials and Metallurgical Engineering from the University of Michigan; a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Michigan.
With the addition of Nolan, Kennametal’s board also includes eight independent directors: Cindy L. Davis; Philip A. Dur; Timothy R. McLevish; Lawrence W. Stranghoener; Ronald M. Defeo; William J. Harvey; William R. Newlin; and Steven H. Wunning, who collectively bring diverse experience from a range of companies, including Caterpillar; Dick’s Sporting Goods; DuPont; Kraft Foods; Mosaic; Nike; Northrop Grumman; Walgreens; and Terex.
Previously lead director on Kennametal’s board, Newlin is chairman of Newlin Investment Company LLC, and has served as executive vice president and chief administrative officer for DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc.; and chairman and chief executive officer of Buchanan Ingersoll. Co-founder of CEO Venture Funds, Newlin also served as a founding director of the Pittsburgh Technology Council, and as a director of the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse. A life member of the American Law Institute, National Law Journal twice recognized Newlin as one of America’s top 100 most influential lawyers. In 2013, the Pittsburgh Venture Capital Association presented him with its Lifetime Achievement Award.




















Support


Product Support


Email
|
800.835.3668



Order Support


Email
|
800.446.7738



Looking for support in a different country? 













 
 
 











 



Support
Kennametal's support team is ready to assist.











Product Support:


Email

|
800.835.3668



Order Support:


Email

|
800.446.7738




1662 MacMillan Park Drive
Fort Mill, SC 29707





					na-kmt.techsupport@kennametal.com
				



				More
			





Kennametal in the News


06/29/17
Kennametal Board Names Christopher Rossi Chief Executive Officer; De Feo Appointed Executive Chairman

Full Story


05/22/17
Kennametal Foundation Announces 2017 Scholarship Winners

Full Story


05/19/17
Kennametal to participate in Non-Deal Roadshow hosted by Barrington and attend Keybanc Capital Markets Conference

Full Story


See All Press Releases &gt&gt






Careers
Work for Kennametal
Find a Job
Check Your Application
 
Branded Merchandise
Shop Kennametal Merchandise
Terms of Use
 
Kennametal Chronicle Blog 
Read our Latest Article!
 




SOCIAL LINKS

 
 
 
 
 





















DONALD T NOLAN - SCRANTON, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



SCRANTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DONALD T NOLAN
                                    



 





















D 


DONALD T NOLAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



120 WYOMING AVE SCRANTON, PA 18503
Get Directions



(570) 344-6137





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Donald T Nolan is located at 120 Wyoming Ave in Scranton and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














   Nolan Donald | WordServe Church | ZoomInfo.com 

Accessories - Page 1 - Nolan-USA









































































  Loading... Please wait...


Navigation

Home

About Us




Shipping & Returns




Testimonials




Contact Us




Register Products




Media




NOLAN Dealer Locator




NOLAN - BRP can-am/Spyder Dealers
















Shopping Cart  










Facebook








My Account
Gift Certificates


Sign in or Create an account












		
		Sort by:
		
Featured Items
Newest Items
Bestselling
Alphabetical: A to Z
Alphabetical: Z to A
Avg. Customer Review
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low




Accessories



HomeAccessories



Genuine Nolan helmet parts and accessories. Please contact  us if you don't see the part you are looking for.






Categories

 Instructional Videos
 Nolan Logo Products
 Nolan Size Charts
 Helmet Interiors
 Face Shields
 Helmets
 N-Com
 Accessories
 Police






						Our Newsletter
					



Your First Name:

Your Email Address:











Face ShieldsModular HelmetsFull Face HelmetsCrossover HelmetsOpen Face Helmets







123456

Next »















01-43ET-Face Shield Pivot


$17.90



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N-103/N91 Pinlock with Silicone Seal - Clear


$24.95



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N-44 Chin Bar


$47.95



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N40 Face Shield Visor Covers


$13.75



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N44 Chin Bar Plugs


$11.95



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N44 Faceshield Visor Ring


$11.57



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N44 Visor Mechanism / Pivot (Pair)


$17.75



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N44 Visor Pivot Cover


$5.75



 Compare 


Add To Cart

 




N44/N40 Pinlock Insert


$35.95



 Compare 


Add To Cart














123456

Next »












Home

About Us




Shipping & Returns




Testimonials




Contact Us




Register Products




Media




NOLAN Dealer Locator




NOLAN - BRP can-am/Spyder Dealers




Privacy Policy



                    All prices are in USD
                    © 2017 Nolan-USA.
                    Sitemap
                     Custom BigCommerce Templates by Madwire Media†.
                




























Nolan Urges President-Elect Trump to Join Him in Effort to Rebuild America’s Infrastructure with American-Made Products & Steel | Congressman Rick Nolan










































Skip to main content










Sign Up for E-Newsletter 

 






Search form

Search 





 

 
 






 

Congressman  Rick Nolan
Representing the 8th District of Minnesota








 

 
 






Main menu


AboutAbout Rick
Our District

Contact RickEmail Me
Sign Up for My Newsletter
Offices
Request a Meeting
Website Problem

ServicesInternships
Help with a Federal Agency
Order a Flag
Congress Comes to You
Art Competition
Congressional Commendations
Military Academy Nominations
Passports & Immigration
Presidential Greetings
Tours
More Resources

MediaThe Monday Report
In the News
Press Releases
Social Media
Press Kit
Videos

CongressLegislation I've Sponsored
Committees and Caucuses
Voting Record
Legislative Process

IssuesAgriculture
Animal Welfare
Aviation
Defense
Education (K-12)
Energy
Environment
Foreign Affairs
Gender Equality
Government Reform
Health Care
Higher Education
Hunting, Fishing & the Outdoors
Jobs and the Middle Class
Minimum Wage
Mining
Native American Indian & Tribal Issues
Net Neutrality
Pension Protection for Working Americans
Rural Broadband
Social Security & Medicare
Trade
Transportation & Infrastructure
Veterans

ResourcesFor Military Personnel
For Small Business Owners
For Parents
For Seniors
For Students
For Veterans
For Visiting D.C.
Additional Services and Resources




 











Media


The Monday Report
In the News
Press Releases
Social Media
Press Kit
Videos





Newsletter Signup

Email   
  

 



Nolan Urges President-Elect Trump to Join Him in Effort to Rebuild America’s Infrastructure with American-Made Products & Steel



 








    Dec 6, 2016  



    Press Release  



[WASHINGTON D.C.] U.S. Rep. Rick Nolan today urged President-Elect Donald Trump to join him in his unequivocal support of the use of exclusively American-made products in all U.S. infrastructure projects.
“In my District, nearly 1,000 Iron Range miners are out of work, along with thousands more steelworkers across the Nation because China and other countries are allowed to illegally dump millions of tons of low grade, cheap foreign government-subsidized steel into our marketplace,” Nolan said in his letter to the President-Elect. “There is no better way to protect American jobs and boost our Nation’s economy than to expand investment in our infrastructure, impose high tariffs and countervailing duties on cheater nations, and fortify ‘Buy America’ requirements.”
Nolan has been successful in persuading the Obama Administration to impose cripplingly high tariffs on foreign steel, effectively curtailing the flood of low grade, cheap foreign government-subsidized steel into the United States. He also introduced the American Pipeline Jobs and Safety Act, which requires that all energy pipelines built and federally permitted in the United States contain 100 percent American steel – and iron ore that is mined, processed or reprocessed in America. He plans to reintroduce this legislation in the 115th Congress.
 
The full text of the letter is below:
December 6, 2016

	President Elect Donald J. Trump
	Trump Tower
	725 5th Avenue
	New York, NY 10022

	Dear Mr. President-Elect Trump,
As a member of the House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and a vocal advocate of rebuilding and investing in our Nation’s infrastructure, I look forward to working with you to find a bipartisan, sensible way to fix our infrastructure crisis and create American jobs with living wages. As you know, our Nation’s roads are crumbling, our bridges are collapsing, trains are running off the tracks and our pipelines are cracking, causing them to spill tons of hazardous materials into our water supply. Additionally, our water infrastructure is corroding, causing toxins in our drinking water to harm children’s developing young brains. Unfortunately, we have become a Nation of reaction and rely on public disasters – such as the Flint, Michigan incident, or the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Amtrak derailment – to address areas where our country is in dire need. It is time we become a proactive Nation and finally put this era of neglect to an end.
According to the Nation’s civil engineers as well as the Alliance for American Manufacturing, the United States Chamber of Commerce, and our Nation’s major unions, we must invest $1 trillion in our infrastructure. These investments will modernize our economy and create 13 million good paying jobs in the process. Additionally, a serious investment plan will  reinvigorate our Nation’s transportation and manufacturing sectors, both of which have a history of spurring significant economic and job growth.
During your Presidential Campaign, you promised the American public you will ensure America’s businesses and jobs will stay in the United States and not be sent overseas. I commend you for making that commitment and encourage you to live up to that promise during your presidency.
One way to boost American industry is to strengthen and aggressively enforce our Nation’s “Buy America” laws by ensuring that transportation infrastructure projects are built with American-made products. I am a firm believer that if we are utilizing American taxpayer money to perform such improvement projects, we ought to buy American-made goods and services to implement them. There are far too many projects and initiatives across the country that are being completed with overreliance on foreign-made supplies, a trend that harms our economy and kills jobs.
For example, in my District, nearly 1,000 Iron Range miners are out of work, along with thousands more steelworkers across the Nation because China and other countries are allowed to illegally dump millions of tons of low grade, cheap foreign government-subsidized steel into our marketplace. While we have been successful in curtailing this flow with high tariffs and countervailing duties, there is additional work to be done. To assist in these efforts, I introduced the American Pipeline Jobs and Safety Act, which requires that all energy pipelines built and federally permitted in the United States contain 100 percent American steel – and iron ore that is mined, processed or reprocessed in America. I plan to reintroduce this legislation in the 115th Congress.
There is no better way to protect American jobs and boost our Nation’s economy than to expand investment in our infrastructure, impose high tariffs and countervailing duties on cheater nations, and fortify “Buy America” requirements. I look forward to working with you to achieve these commonsense objectives for the good of the American people and our nation.
Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.
 
Sincerely,

	Richard M. Nolan
Member of Congress 



Issues: Trade, Transportation & Infrastructure 






 



  








