











Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.












Careers, Nomura Americas
















Experienced Professionals


Students & Graduates













Make an impression
We are looking for the next generation of entrepreneurs and leaders to shape our future








About Nomura
Careers in global investment banking

Make an impression
At Nomura you will discover a unique spirit and proud heritage. Since 1925, Nomura has built on a commitment to deliver unique value to clients by connecting markets East & West. We continue to service our clients in a differentiated way, providing creative and entrepreneurial solutions.
If you are keen to be a part of a highly nimble and diverse workforce that offers opportunities for you to build a long term career, then come and discover more about Nomura. This could be a perfect fit for you.
Since our founding we have accumulated an unparalled depth and breadth of experience throughout Asia and the rest of the world. We are a highly integrated global network of 27,000 people in 30 countries across our retail, asset management and wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking) divisions.
Help us realize our strategy and ambition by joining us in one of our three wholesale businesses:

Global Markets
Investment Banking
Corporate Infrastructure (ie, Operations, Technology and Finance)

Americas
Our history in the US dates back to 1927 when Nomura became a registered member of the New York Stock Exchange. Much of our early work concentrated on providing clients with a unique view of, and access to, Asian markets.
Nomura has a built a strong capital position in the Americas with product knowledge in Fixed Income, Equities, Investment Banking and Asset Management. While our regional headquarters are in New York, we also have offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, San Francisco, Washington D.C., Toronto, Bermuda, and São Paulo.





Koji NagaiGroup CEO




The Nomura Brand Story




Diversity & corporate citizenship



Nomura History







Nomura Offices


































































































Message from the Group CEO

Supporting Japan's Future
Our home market of Japan is on the verge of significant change. Since the new government came to power in 2012, we have seen early signs of an economic recovery. To build on this momentum, we need to look hard at what the country requires and how we can contribute.
Given that Japan is the world's largest creditor nation and has the world's fastest aging population, one area that requires attention is the creation of a new social framework. At the same time, we need to revise the structure of our financial system. For Japan to grow sustainably into the future, the capital markets will have to play a more prominent role. Indeed, Japan's approximately ¥1,500 trillion in personal financial assets holds the key to the country's future growth. Nomura aims to support this growth by facilitating the flow of funds throughout the economy.
Connecting Markets East & West
Asia is expected to account for half of the world's GDP by 2050 and will no doubt remain the growth engine of the global economy over the coming years. However, for the region to realize its full potential, Asian countries must finance the large-scale infrastructure projects required to underpin economic growth. Japan can play a leading role here, growing together with the rest of Asia by putting its financial assets to work across the region. With Asia as our home market, this is an area in which Nomura has a distinct competitive advantage.
As economies around the world mature and become increasingly global, companies and investors in the West are looking East for growth opportunities. As the only Japanese financial institution with a truly global network, Nomura is well placed to connect markets in the East and the West by leveraging our franchise to provide liquidity in the world's capital markets. By meeting the needs of our global client base and expanding our business, we can contribute to economic growth and social development.
In doing so, we aim to win the trust of our clients and society as we work towards being Asia's global investment bank.

×


Nomura History



×


Diversity & corporate citizenship

Corporate citizenship
Investing in the communities where we operate is an integral part of our business model and our culture. Every day we think creatively for our clients and our capacity for innovation also gives us the ability to drive societal change – that is at the heart of our award-winning Community Affairs program.
In all our work with local communities, our approach is underpinned by a desire to make life better for future generations. In practice, this means investing in young people and leveling the playing field, so that everyone has a better chance to grow and succeed, regardless of their socioeconomic background.
Nomura is committed to contributing to sustainable development through our core business and corporate activities in order to make the world a better place for future generations.
With the support of Nomura employees’ as volunteers, initiatives and fund raising events have included the Power Lunch mentoring and literacy program, Parkinson's Unity Walk, MuckFest MS, Dress for Success and Make-A-Wish Family day amongst other monthly volunteering programs organised.
Diversity and inclusion
We believe that attracting, developing and retaining the most talented people with the broadest experiences positively affects the bottom line. By fostering an inclusive culture, we are working to create an organization where impressive people can build their careers. Our people should be valued for the work they do and be respected for their contributions.
One of the ways we encourage people to connect with others is through our employee networks, Women in Nomura (WIN), LGBT and Employee Life and Families (ELF). Through formal and informal events, participants are able to exchange ideas and receive support on both career and family related topics. By supporting the development of employee networks and communities of interest, we are breaking down silos and strengthening relationships across the globe.

×




Our Business
Built to value ideas


Intellectual Capital in Action 
Get a unique perspective from our international experts – Connecting Markets East & West.









We have a client-centric model and continue to make significant enhancements to our investment banking platform, global distribution, structuring expertise and product capabilities.
We continue to significantly increase our global footprint where we believe we have a competitive advantage and can best serve our clients, employees and shareholders. By putting our clients at the center of everything we do, we provide high value-added solutions and contribute to economic growth as Asia’s global investment bank.

Investment Banking

Global Markets

Corporate Infrastructure









Annisa Lee 
Head of Flow Credit Analysis, Asia ex-Japan










Kevin Gaynor 
Global Head of Asset Allocation Strategy










George Goncalves 
Head of US Rates Strategy










Selim Toker 
Hedging Balance Sheet Risk










Nick Kenworthy 
Head of Research Sales, UK










Richard Byworth 
Head of Multi Strategy Sales, Asia ex-Japan












Investment Banking

Our Investment Banking Division provides a variety of advisory and capital-raising solutions to corporations, financial institutions, governments and public-sector organizations around the world. Our global teams act as geographic, product and industry specialists.
Corporate Finance Advisory: Sector and country coverage professionals are critical in identifying and analyzing deal opportunities and managing client relationships. The ideas generated can have a tremendous impact on a sector.
Global Finance and Capital Raising: Global Finance is a combination of product experts, who are focused on providing tailor-made client solutions in debt or equity financing. The group works closely with Corporate Finance, M&A and Global Markets to originate structure and execute deals across the globe.
We deliver Asia to our clients – accessing deep pools of liquidity and dynamic growth markets, with cross-border collaborations in M&A, DCM, ECM, and solutions businesses.

×


Global Markets

Nomura's Global Markets Division handles client transactions for financial institutions, corporates, governments and investment funds around the world. We act as market makers, trading in fixed income and equity securities, including currencies, interest rates and credit in cash, derivatives and structured products. We have taken market-leading positions across the globe by leveraging the strength of our talent, client relationships and technology.
By developing strong relationships with our client base through consistent interaction, independent advice and pre-eminent access to Asia, we have built a powerful global franchise across interest rates, currency and credit products. Our client services cover both high-volume flow products and carefully tailored structured solutions. We have adapted to the changing financial landscape to build a client centric focus differentiated by innovation, electronic and service excellence and market-leading derivatives capabilities.

×


Corporate Infrastructure

Our Corporate Infrastructure Division is what underpins the success of the entire organization. It is internationally renowned and structured to deliver a world-class client service. We rely on it to build and support the business, helping us deliver innovative financial solutions that set Nomura apart in the global marketplace.
In our highly competitive and fast-paced industry, strong infrastructure teams are fundamental to our success. Work in these areas (Compliance, Finance, Operations or Technology) with us and you will operate at the forefront of your field, as well as gaining a valuable insight into how Nomura operates on a global scale.

×



Our People
Talented people drive our business forward


Nomura believes in harnessing the ambition of talented and intelligent people to drive our business forward. Our graduates' entrepreneurial spirits are helping us to realize our strategy to become Asia's global investment banking. Hear how Nomura impressed them, their experiences as interns and graduates and the evolution of their roles and responsibilities since joining.






Charmaine Chong
Investment Banking

Charmaine Chong - Investment Banking, Singapore


Graduated in Liberal Arts with a focus in Economics, Vassar College, USA, 2011

For most liberal arts students, investment banking may not seem like a natural career choice. I was initially skeptical as well. Although an analyst position provides the fast-paced working environment with high expectations I was looking for, I was concerned that my limited finance knowledge compared to students with a business-related degree would hold me back. However, as I went through the recruiting process, I realized that investment banks are looking for more than just the right answers to technical questions – they also value the diversity in thought and depth of communication and interpersonal skills that liberal arts graduates can bring to the table.
While the first few weeks as an intern or analyst can be daunting, especially for those without a finance background, Nomura has structured a training program that accelerates the learning curve. With a comprehensive curriculum and warm and consistent mentoring to support one’s learning, the only other necessity is a passion to improve and to deliver high-quality work.
There were two things I was greatly appreciative of within days of joining Nomura: the strong team spirit and the willingness of my colleagues to consider all opinions and ideas. Even as an intern, I was integrated immediately into and considered part of the team. My responsibilities and contributions grew along with my capabilities, regardless of my title.
Having served in both capital markets and corporate finance sides of investment banking, I’m grateful for the in-depth exposure to a wide variety of financial products and companies across Asia. In my current role as an analyst in the corporate finance team, I’m constantly juggling different deals with different clients, deliverables and deadlines – what excites me especially is when the work my team produces benefits our clients’ growth strategies.
Nomura continues to expand rapidly. Building on our significant momentum, we continue to generate new business opportunities. This is the place for graduates looking for a stimulating and intellectually challenging environment and who want to be an integral part of an exciting future.

×




Christopher Read
Corporate Infrastructure

Christopher Read - Finance


BSc in Banking, Finance & Management, Loughborough University

The opportunity to be given real work and responsibility from day one impressed me and was a key reason I applied to Nomura. As an intern in the Fixed Income Product Control team I was responsible for producing daily profit and loss statements, which included reconciling various data feeds, comparing desk estimates and communicating any discrepancies to the traders. This gave me great exposure across the desk and with the traders. As I became more confident and efficient, I was given additional products and traders to cover.
Nomura excels at providing real opportunities to interns and graduates. In the current economic climate there are many challenges but also opportunities to get more involved. I have increasingly been given more responsibility, while some of my friends are still doing similar roles to when they started. 
The graduate training included technical and soft skills sessions. The soft skills "Delivering powerful presentations" training was particularly valuable - our pitches were recorded and then replayed, which was really helpful and informative.
My responsibilities have steadily grown since joining the rotational graduate program. I have been heavily involved in several insightful pieces of analysis for senior management. In Cost Management & Analytics I developed an internal cost allocation process, improved the content and insight of internal Management Information (MI) and worked on delivering several cost saving initiatives. In the Regulatory Reporting team I have taken ownership of several key processes and reports and recently played a key project role in the delivery and reporting of the new CRDIV Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) to the UK Regulator (PRA).
My top tip for future interns is flexibility and networking. You have to be flexible in your approach to work. Be ready to take on new projects and tasks that may be outside your remit. Be proactive and don’t be afraid to challenge the status quo.

×




Clarence Nahan
Investment Banking

Clarence Nahan - Investment Banking, London


Masters in Management, ESCP Europe

Route to Nomura: I joined the full time program after being an intern for 10 months at Lehman Brothers
Since joining I have increasingly been exposed to the firm’s deal flow and I have worked on landmark transactions like the Moncler €784m IPO. I have really been able to make an impact and take ownership of key work streams. Moreover, since my arrival, the team has expanded with the arrival of new analysts and interns, allowing me to mentor them and share all the training that I had received as a junior banker. Over the past years I have also been more involved in Nomura’s citizenship initiatives - volunteering at our partner secondary school as a visiting French teacher.
The Equity Capital Markets team focuses on Nomura's largest corporate clients. As a team we provide advisory and execution capabilities on cash-equity-related products including: IPOs, rights issues, ABBs (strategic or financial stake divestment) and a range of other strategic dialogues, like stake building, dividend policy and capital structure.
Nomura gives you the chance to be part of a new story in investment banking. We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up quickly. You need to be bright, full of energy and have a long-term view. 
I'm very excited about my future here. At Nomura, we are not bogged down with major reputational issues - instead we're concentrating on building our franchise. Our move to our current landmark office in the City (of London) was a symbol of this commitment to Europe.
I interview many of our graduates. We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills plus a keen interest in markets.

×




Elisabeth Kilbane
Global Markets

Elisabeth Kilbane, Global Markets, New York


Majored in Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)

Route to Nomura: The summer before my senior year of college, I interned with Nomura and at the end of the summer, I received and accepted an offer of full-time employment.
To prepare for my interview, I read up on current events and the markets, and I considered in advance the personal experiences that had led me to applying. I also researched Nomura itself, so that I understood the firm’s role in the global finance landscape. My advice is to stay calm during the interview. You may be asked some technical questions that are difficult to prepare for ahead of time. Give the questions your best shot, but don't let them overwhelm you or cloud the rest of your interview. 
During my internship, I was given the opportunity to work on projects with very senior people. I was trusted to take responsibility for projects and expected to contribute in a meaningful way right from the start. Because of this, there were high expectations for development throughout the program, and I felt as though my mentors were pushing me towards goals in my product knowledge. This challenging yet supportive environment proved to be an excellent learning experience, and I learned more in my summer with Nomura than I had in any previous internship. 
Having never worked in financial markets before, I was very unsure of what to expect going into my summer internship. I walked into training knowing only the basics of finance, and I expected the experience to be overwhelming and highly competitive. However, I found my peers and mentors to be extremely helpful throughout my summer at Nomura. 
I believe the key to a successful internship is to express a genuine interest in the products. Interns should work to understand to the best of their ability, the products of the desks they rotate through. You can demonstrate your knowledge by showing real curiosity and asking intelligent questions. While meeting a lot of people is of course important, the value of this is increased tremendously by having high quality conversations and leaving a positive impression on those you meet.

×




George Robinson
Investment Banking

George Robinson, Investment Banking, New York


Economics degree, Brigham Young University

Nomura has several major strengths. The first is its Asian connection. Research analysts agree that a lot of investment will be coming out of Asia in the next several years, especially Japan, and given the difference in culture, it is extremely helpful that Nomura has the connections and the knowledge to know how to deal with Asian buyers. Nomura is also a place where I will be given the opportunity to make real contributions and where I would have the best opportunity to learn and develop myself. 
I prepared for interviews by studying the finance and accounting topics I knew were important in interviews and practiced how to answer interview questions well. I also networked with professionals from Nomura and learned about the firm and got tips from them about how to interview well at Nomura. In addition to these things, I would also advise students who are about to apply for internships to regularly read the news, specifically the Wall Street Journal, and be able to talk about important and trending topics.
A typical day for me as an intern in the Industrials group would start just before 9am and if there wasn’t a deck that needed to be printed or some work finalized, I would catch up on the news. Around 9:30 I would meet with members of the deal team and we would go over what we had done so far and what else was needed.
From that point until around 12pm I would work on some aspect of the deal or pitch. This work varied greatly. On one particular pitch I spent a great deal of time helping create the strategic positioning pages for a company, the strategic buyer list with associated rationale and I helped build the model. 

                            After lunch we would circle up again and discuss what changes we would want to make and how to better present what
 we had. Throughout the afternoon there could be various meetings that I would attend. These could consist of sitting in on client or industry specialist calls or meeting with mentors or senior bankers.

                            At around 6.30pm most people would order dinner and eat together. After dinner we would circle up again and figure out what our next steps were and from that point until sometime between 11pm and 1am we would work. There are a lot of ebbs and flows in the work, and this was a typical day when we were particularly busy preparing for an important pitch. 
The people at Nomura are some of the most down-to-earth and nicest people I’ve had the fortune of working with. Given these things I’m very happy that I chose Nomura and I couldn’t imagine now having made any other choice.

×




Ifiok Ekwere
Investment Banking

Ifiok Ekwere - Investment Banking, London


Joint Honors Bachelors degree in Biology and Management, Imperial College London

What impressed me about Nomura was the structure of the internship program. From a non-finance background I was keen to complete an internship in a bank where I would have the opportunity to learn as much as I could about the industry and to understand where my skill set would be best suited. Before the internship I thought I would be most suited to an Equities role, however, rotating between Equities and Fixed Income helped me realize my skill set and interests were much better suited to a role in Fixed Income. 
As an intern my typical day started at around 6.30am. I was responsible for summarizing key points in our trading meeting and updating the team. I attended desk-specific meetings to organise the day’s tasks before the markets opened for trading. After trading, I would review the days' trades with the settlement teams to ensure they had been booked correctly. On the FX Sales desk I also built an Excel model that was used as a platform to structure sales strategies.
As an Associate my typical day starts around 7.30am with a morning meeting call. I then put together a summary of the news highlights from Bloomberg relating to the companies that we manage in our loan portfolio. During earnings season, I will put together earnings summaries and circulate these to the relevant teams and people within the bank. If there is a 'live' deal being assessed by the desk, there will often be a series of meetings with colleagues across the Investment Banking, Finance and Risk Management divisions to discuss and analyse the merits of the deal before it is sent to the necessary approval committees. 
A highlight for me was the Management Buy-Out of Iceland Foods – it was the first deal I was responsible for from start to finish and it was a thrill to see it announced in the news upon completion!
As a graduate I have been involved in a number of well-known EMEA / Americas transactions. I find the investment banking industry fascinating and am looking forward to gaining more experience and progressing at an even faster pace with my career over the next few years.

×




Jaap Tanke
Global Markets

Jaap Tanke - Global Markets, London


Masters in Finance, University of Amsterdam

Route to Nomura: After I graduated, I immediately joined the Global Markets summer internship program and at the end of the program I received an offer to join full time.
What initially impressed me about Nomura was the open culture and how approachable the people were.

During my internship I rotated between the Managed Accounts desk in Equities and the Corporate Equity derivatives team. In the first rotation, I assisted the team with small tasks as they were in the middle of launching a new fund. In my second rotation I learned how to price different option structures with in-house software researched specific stocks and contributed towards different slides of pitch book presentations.
The intern training was very helpful. The Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters training ensured I was up to speed to complete tasks while on the desk. There were a lot of networking opportunities and we also contributed towards raising money for the charity Rainbow Trust by organizing different activities for employees to sponsor the interns. The cross divisional activities ensured we met with fellow interns across the firm.
As a graduate I had immediate exposure to clients (after completing my FCA qualification). The immediate exposure allowed me to build key relationships which have resulted in doing day to day business with some top accounts now. My focus at the moment is to become a specialist in one specific product, in order to eventually become the go-to person for my clients in this product.
My top advice for an intern is to explore the firm; sit with different desks and divisions as this will give you a very good overview of the different positions available at a global investment bank. In addition, try to add value on top of your main day to day tasks; this will demonstrate that you are eager and a hard worker.

×




Joyce Su
Global Markets

Joyce Su - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Graduated with an MA in Mathematics of Finance, Columbia University, 2010

I returned to Asia after working and studying in the US for a number of years. What motivated me to join Nomura when I moved back is its reputation - it's the best bank in Asia, with a growing global reach. The people here also influenced my decision: from my first interview they gave me their time and expertise so that I could find the best role to match my skill set. They wanted me to maximize my career potential, as well as match me to an area that would benefit them - it was a two-way decision.
What sets Nomura above other investment banks is the culture. The rapidly expanding global operations are making us a leader in the industry, and this momentum gives the bank an entrepreneurial feel. It's a place where smart people work together and encourage each other to develop their own creative ideas.
I am part of the Prime Services team, financing and structuring hedge funds for our sales people and traders. From day one I participated in so many aspects of the business and my manager was keen to get my input and opinion on our projects. In fact, he still is! I've learnt never to be afraid of bringing ideas to the table, because the managers here always give you the chance to excel. If your ideas are good, they will use them.
I'm looking forward to forging a successful career at Nomura. It's a place where you can learn and absorb knowledge quickly, and use it to move up to higher levels of responsibility. If you have the right attitude and a passion for investment banking, this is the place to be.

×




Sameer Rahman
Global Markets

Sameer Rahman - Global Markets, Singapore


Graduated in Mathematics, University of New South Wales.  MBA in International Business, University of Technology, Sydney

I never doubted that I wanted to work in investment banking, simply because the nature of the industry is such that it challenges you to push yourself to do the best you can. Joining this industry, I knew I would be working with (or competing against) some of the brightest people around which motivates me to go the extra mile.
I was attracted to Nomura because of its strong business culture, positive team environment and, most importantly, the excellent opportunities afforded to young graduates such as myself. We are growing at an incredible pace and it’s truly an exciting place to be, if one looks at the footprint we already have in this industry and what we are striving to achieve.
From the beginning, the 6 week graduate training program in London helped us strengthen our knowledge across different asset classes as well as forge meaningful relationships with our peers from the different offices across the world. It gave us the base to settle in immediately once we joined our desk.  
I was trusted to cover clients and asked to come up with trade ideas very early on. My manager was very encouraging and it gave me the confidence to learn and grow very quickly. Looking back on the past year and putting everything in perspective, joining Nomura was one of the best decisions I made. 

×




Sapna Aeri
Corporate Infrastructure

Sapna Aeri - Technology, London


Bachelors Computer Science degree, City University London

Route to Nomura: I took a third year industrial placement with Lehman Brothers, which later resulted in a role at Nomura.
I was impressed by Nomura as it appeared to be constantly growing and adapting. This meant I would be involved in new projects and new and evolving technology to cope with the greater global demand. This was (and still is) an exciting prospect!
As an intern I gained vast exposure to the variety of roles I could pursue. I attended networking events, panel discussions and lunch & learn sessions. The thought of working in an investment bank was initially quite intimidating, however I was surprised at how freely I was able to interact with colleagues of varying seniority, allowing me to build a strong network and experience a range of outlooks and perspectives.
The graduate training was really useful. With a background in IT, I had limited understanding of banking, so it was useful to gain a more detailed understanding. We have had further product specific training and personal development sessions since then, which is great for understanding how you are being perceived by others and how to present yourself in different situations.
Every day you learn something new; I could be holding discussions with the desk, brokers or development team, or discussing new ideas, projects and enhancements to our current systems. My responsibilities span from kicking off and looking after projects for the desk, managing system upgrades and testing, as well as ensuring trade flows are being handled correctly. I am learning about option trading directly from the desk and the management of the trades through testing on our FX options platform. As banking evolves and changes, I have the opportunity to learn about the new technology on offer, scope out new requirements and see the projects through from start to end.
Since joining as a graduate I have progressed to the position of Senior Business Analyst within FX Options technology; I have led the delivery of global high profile projects for both regulatory and business purposes and I have improved the quality of deliverables by implementing a thorough suite of testing. 

×




Sayaka Azuma
Global Markets

Sayaka Azuma - Global Markets, London


Graduated in Economics, Kobe University

After studying Economics at university I developed a passion for finance; investment banking seemed like the perfect place for me to explore the industry further. For me, Nomura was the best choice. It's famous in Japan, not only for being at the forefront of banking but also for its hard-work ethic and dynamic culture.
In my time here I have seen the fusing of traditional and new, with Nomura's acquisition of Lehman Brothers. This has formed a culture that encourages new thinking based on strong foundations, and that makes it a really interesting place to work.
As an execution trader, I receive and execute orders from our London office for Japanese stocks. I can win money very quickly, and lose it too, which makes my job really exciting. Each time I succeed, it makes me want more. That is what drives me to come to work every day. Being in constant contact with my colleagues in London also makes me feel part of an international business, not a Japanese bank. I'm not sure how many other places could offer that.
What makes Nomura an exciting place to be right now is the change we are going through. If you have ambition and drive, you can use those talents to get involved in this change process, grow the company, and really boost your career.

×




Vincent Li
Global Markets

Vincent Li - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Global Business in Finance, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, 2008

What's always made investment banking an appealing career choice for me is the dynamic nature of the industry, and the interaction you get with all kinds of people and clients. When I was selecting the starting point of my career, I wanted a place that offered me the opportunity to grow and learn quickly. Nomura is a company that is rapidly expanding its footprint across the financial world and it matched well with my career objectives.
When I first started at Nomura, I had the chance to spend six months in London on the Convertibles desk in Sales, Trading and Research, which was a great experience. When I came back to Hong Kong I moved over to the Equity Derivatives desk. Working with a team from the rest of the world, my role is about generating cross-regional trade ideas for our clients. Being able to produce profitable and unique ideas that no other investment bank offers in the market is a very satisfying feeling. This is also the driving force behind waking up every morning to anticipate another unpredictable, yet exciting day.
During the beginning, what really surprised me were the opportunities I was given at a junior level. Very early on in my role the firm was happy to publish my ideas and let me deal with clients. They were very trusting in my abilities, which I really appreciated, and this experience helped me to learn a lot quickly.
Nomura is a great place for new graduates because of the team culture, knowledge sharing and training programmes. The firm is growing very quickly- I don't think we can be matched on our current growth across the world. If you have ambition and are keen on learning, no other company will be able to give you the opportunities and exposure you're going to get here. 

×




Yuta Arndt Osada
Global Markets

Yuta Arndt Osada - Global Markets,Tokyo


Keio University

I joined Nomura because you get a lot of responsibility from a very early stage, and everyone works together as a team to meet client needs.
My typical day starts with a morning meeting from 7:10am to share information and have discussions on the stock price from the previous day. We start calling clients from 8:00am with the information from the morning meeting.
It is always extremely busy until 9:00am as many clients prefer to be called before the market opens in order to hear the information and be prepared for the initial reaction of stocks.
After the market opens I continue to talk to clients or go back to the Analysts to have further discussions and looking at the initial stock reactions.
From 12:00pm I usually join meetings with clients or sometime corporates to hear what clients are currently interested in.
At about 3:00pm after the market closes, we often have equity deals, which makes it extremely busy again. I start calling clients to notify them of the deal and arrange road show meetings.
At 5:00pm, if a deal is launched, I join a meeting with the company. Otherwise I am usually preparing for the next day’s morning meeting or discussing stocks with our Analysts, after which I leave the office.
What sets Nomura apart from the other banks is the spirit to work together globally as a team to satisfy client needs all times. I joined the firm because of this and this is what I think differentiates us from others, and what makes it a very good place to work in.

×






Programs
We’re looking to recruit individuals who are motivated

An internship with Nomura is your opportunity to see what you could be part of. You will get first-hand experience of the possibilities a career in banking could bring you, and get a feel for our culture. You will also have the opportunity to create new networks, gain valuable on-the-job training and see what makes us the most exciting proposition in the investment banking world.
We aim to give our interns the same level of exposure as a first-year Analyst or Associate. That means you will work as a full member of the team, participating in team meetings, potentially meeting clients, forming effective working relationships and showing a real commitment to our goals and values. During the course of your internship you can expect to work closely with a buddy and have regular contact with senior mentors.


Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate infrastructure

Training Programs




If you're fascinated by the markets and their movements, cycles and patterns, then global markets is for you. Learn how we make the markets and handle major transactions for corporations, governments and investment funds around the globe. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in global markets where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office.
What's involved?
You will have an excellent introduction to the firm. Next, you will learn valuable, hands-on skills such as valuation, pricing and structuring. The emphasis here is on practical application - we will make sure that you quickly develop the technical proficiency and strong business skills you will need to thrive in this fast-moving market environment. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor and our dedicated program management team.
Sales: You will learn the skills needed to develop and maintain strong relationships with institutional clients, including pension funds, hedge funds, insurance companies and others.
                            
Trading: You will buy and sell securities in the secondary market on behalf of clients or the firm, taking responsibility for market making and capital commitment.
                            
Research: You will collect, analyze and assess industry and company information, providing keen market insight and impressive investment ideas for institutional investors and internal clients.
                            
Structuring: You will develop expertise in designing and developing innovative products and strategies tailored to specific client needs.


If it's the challenge and excitement of investment banking that drives you, then this is the route for you. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in investment banking where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office. By the time you have finished, you will have all the functional skills, technical knowledge and tools you will need for an influential career.
What's involved?
Our internship and graduate programs will give you everything you need to join the front ranks of global investment bankers. You will develop knowledge and experience in accounting, modelling, valuation and deal structuring. You will find that the emphasis is on practical application - this way you can expect to make an immediate impact. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor, and our dedicated program management team.
Deal execution: You will work closely with clients and execution teams (lawyers, accountants, consultants and bankers) on mandated transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, capital raisings and restructurings.
                            
Client relationship management: We want to see you generating and presenting ideas at client meetings alongside senior bankers.
                            
Strategic analysis: We will train you to produce financial, structural and business risk analysis to support transactions and client presentations.
For an Associate role you must have or be completing an MBA and have relevant work experience.


If you want to gain a clear overview of a fast-moving global business, then consider choosing one of our corporate infrastructure programs. These programs in finance, operations, technology and risk will give you product-specific training in your chosen area.


Finance

Operations

Technology

Risk




Finance professionals play a critical role in creating and preserving shareholder value by providing business advice and ensuring control of the global franchise. This includes accounting, treasury, tax and regulatory services. This part of the business provides analysis and oversight, including our overall financial performance. Finance is also responsible for managing our funding and liquidity requirements and for interacting with our creditors and the rating agencies.
What's involved?
This program will provide you an opportunity to learn how we manage the flow of money in and out of the business through internal control systems. You will also enjoy an excellent overview of Nomura's performance, including revenues, expenses, regulatory capital and headcount. And you can expect to partner closely with senior business leaders in a highly collaborative and dynamic environment.


This is the organization that takes responsibility for the processing, control and settlement of Nomura's transactions. Operations provide support to the trading front office. Think of this division as the support and control infrastructure that enables Nomura to develop and deliver across the world.
What's involved?
Join Operations and you will be responsible for the management and execution of transactions in a way that maximizes profitability and minimizes risks. Expect to work closely with our sales, trading and IT teams as you develop innovative and efficient approaches to our clients' investment, liquidity and risk management needs.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in operations, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Technology at Nomura involves working with, and designing, state-of-the-art information technology and risk management systems. These are the systems that can often give us that crucial, split-second edge over our competitors. Daily tasks range from infrastructure support and deployment to in-house development of complex modeling software and applications.
What's involved?
Expect to get involved in developing new applications to implement cutting-edge standards, constantly staying at the forefront of technology. You will develop an impressive level of technical knowledge and build your skills in systems development and support, using a range of technology packages (VB, SQL, Perl, C++, Java, XML, XSLT, JSP). In addition to this, you will gain an understanding of different financial products (such as equities, bonds, futures, options, swaps, exotic derivatives and quanto) and build complex and valuable knowledge of risk management methods and techniques as well as live trade analysis.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in technology, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Our risk group is responsible for identifying, analyzing and managing our risk. The information and advice they give us shapes our risk appetite and risk decisions. By continually monitoring operational, credit and market risk, we are able to make quick, strong decisions that give us the best possible standing in the global marketplace.
What's involved?
When you start in risk, you will receive all the dedicated training and support you need to prepare you for your role. Our training program will provide you with an excellent introduction to the firm, as well as hands-on skills, such as: the techniques we use to analyze risk; how to manage our risk frameworks; and how to use technology packages like SQL and VBA. With this training you will be able to make an immediate impact on our business.
                                    
Operational risk management: You will work across our business functions to ensure they are managing their operational risks effectively.
                                    
Credit risk: Alongside our credit officers, you will analyze the credit quality of hedge funds and financial institutions before we take them on as clients.
                                    
Market risk: Focused on fixed-income markets, you will evaluate our exposure in cash and derivatives, making sure all relevant data is recorded and used in daily risk calculations.
What will I need?
Join our graduate program in risk, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.




Our training program builds Nomura's pipeline of future leaders and functional experts through the successful integration and development of early tenured professionals. The global nature of our programs is a key differentiator and our graduates begin their career with us in London with participants from EMEA, US and Asia offices. We will also provide you with ongoing learning and development opportunities throughout your career.
Our training program covers various modules, which include:

An introduction to Nomura, its strategy, platform and businesses
Providing a comprehensive understanding of the Analyst and Associate role in their respective division
Equipping our Analysts and Associates with the finance/technical skills essential for their career
Promote networks for collaboration amongst global colleagues




Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate Infrastructure




The Global Markets training program is designed to provide our Analysts and Associates with the knowledge and the skills required to make an immediate contribution to their team. The global course is the first step in the graduates' assimilation into Nomura and the development of their career.
The curriculum combines a broad Global Markets overview, financial fundamentals and specific divisional and functional content. Participants are exposed to senior leadership through integrated business speakers, success panels and networking events. The program also emphasizes Nomura's commitment to giving back to the community through an organized philanthropic activity.
The delivery of the continuous development curriculum takes place via a broad means, including classroom sessions, senior speaker series, e-Learning, subject matter experts, mentoring programs and team-building events.


The training program is designed to provide a solid foundation in preparation for a smooth transition into investment banking at Nomura.
The program comprehensively covers: accounting, corporate finance/valuation, financial modelling, fixed income and equity product analytics and banking group overviews. Complementing the classroom learning, Analysts and Associates complete assignments, deliver presentations on financial news and attend social events arranged to facilitate teamwork and peer interaction.
Our continuing education series comprises of sessions delivered by bankers on a variety of topics such as DCM, ECM, M&A process, LBO modelling. In addition, all Analysts and Associates have the opportunity to attend soft skills training, which focus on presentation, communication skills, personal impact, negotiation skills and relationship management skills.


Nomura's Corporate Infrastructure training program comprises of online resources, classroom based technical and product training and a soft skills curriculum.
The two weeks of intensive training when graduates join offers a comprehensive introduction to banking in general, along with financial products and concepts. The training is delivered by external trainers and senior internal subject matter experts. During the initial training graduates will participate in classroom based seminars, trading simulations, business overviews and networking events.
Whatever division you join, you will benefit from ongoing performance feedback. At Nomura, our managers spend time focusing on your career development. They will dedicate considerable amounts of time to coach and mentor you, helping you to realize your full potential.










News & Campus Events
The graduates are set to enjoy great success

We arrange a number of campus events during the recruitment season, which include company presentations, skills sessions, careers fairs and networking events at various universities and business schools.
Nomura campus events provide students with an opportunity to meet with business representatives and the graduate recruitment team. Our team can provide you with application and interview advice, and we are always keen to meet talented, ambitious students on campus. You should check with your careers service for more information on Nomura events on campus.
Know Nomura Facts


No. 1 Institutional Investor All-Japan Research team ranking for the fifth consecutive year
No. 1 in Nikkei Veritas analyst ranking survey for Fixed Income Analyst / Economist survey for the fourth consecutive year
Nomura ranked #1 for FX Research in Institutional Investor’s All-America Fixed Income Research Survey
Nomura wins Best IPO: Suntory Beverage & Food $3.72bn IPO
Xstrata Glencore, $90bn joint financial advisor
Grifols acquisition of the Transfusion Diagnostics Unit of Novartis AG, $1.68bn






Apply Now
See what opportunities are available to you
Apply Here
Apply Here

Whether you are just entering the industry or an experienced professional looking for your next exciting opportunity, working at Nomura is a unique opportunity to make a difference in the industry in a way that is unprecedented. We have quite a number of roles for which we are currently accepting applications and we invite you to go through our list of global opportunities and send your CV to us.
Please click here to review current opportunities.
Please click here to view the latest Americas recruiting brochure.



Application Process

Application FAQs

Interview Tips

Mock Interview

Glossary




You will need to apply through your university or business school careers service. We accept applications from all degree disciplines. While your degree subject doesn't matter, you must be numerate, with an interest in finance and have a desire to work in the investment banking industry.
Your application will be screened and if you are invited to interviews, you should be prepared to answer questions relating to our competencies:

Problem solving/Analytics
Team skills/Professionalism
Leadership
Initiative
Communication





Does Nomura offer internship programs?

Yes, we offer 10 week internships in the Summer, as well as a 3-6 month internship within our Technology business, part time throughout the school year. 



May I apply to more than one division?

Yes. You can apply for up to three divisions, however, you should do as much research as possible beforehand. It is important to understand which business area would best match your skills set and interests. We will expect you to be able to discuss your choice, and show both enthusiasm for, and knowledge of the various roles.



What should I expect during the interview process? 

If you apply and you are selected for first-round interviews, you will have one on-campus interview or first round in our New York office. During the final round interviews, you will have four 30-minute, one-on-one interviews with senior business representatives (a banker who is vice president or above).
Find out more here.



What is Nomura looking for in candidates?


Professional presence (including communication skills, attitude, assertiveness, self confidence and a high level of maturity). 
Commitment and drive (including bias to action, resourcefulness, work ethic, drive to excel and tenacity). 
Problem solving and analytical skills (including analytical approach, logic, commercial intuition and quantitative ability).
Planning and execution (including attention to detail, results orientation, creative approach and time management skills). 
Collaboration (including relationship-building, team orientation, diplomacy and respect).
Leadership (including persuasion skills, motivating others, integrity and empathy). Throughout the CV screening and interview process, you will be assessed on these core competencies.




I've been accepted for an interview. Do you have any tips?

We want you to do your very best at interview. So take a look at our section on interview tips. In this section, you can complete a mock interview and read our guide on interview etiquette.



Will Nomura sponsor work authorization? 

Yes, we will sponsor those students we offer, but the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services will ultimately make the final decision as to whether this will be granted.





There is no need to be nervous at interview - we want you to do well and to show us your potential and what you can do. Preparation is essential and well prepared candidates are more confident, provide more thorough and focused answers and are therefore more likely to be successful.
Use our step by step guide to ensure you take the time to prepare wisely; the key is to ensure your preparation is carefully planned and focused.

Step 1

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4

Step 5




Focus - Structure and Plan your Preparation
Preparing for, and being interviewed is similar to sitting an exam; you won’t have time to cover everything, instead you will need to identify the key points and focus on the relevant material.
Firstly, you should congratulate yourself in being selected for interview stage and have confidence in your ability. Then, ask yourself the following questions:

What will the interviewers want to know?
                                        
An interview is not an opportunity to divulge everything you know- instead you need to focus on what is relevant to the company and the position you’re applying for
To identify what is most relevant, you will need to fully understand the role, it’s requirements and the key skills and competencies required


How are you going to sell yourself?
                                        
What is your unique selling point? I.e. what sets you apart from the competition?
How do you want the interviewers to remember you after the interview – what key points do you want them to recall?


How will you be assessed?
                                        
You can’t start your preparation until you know what you are preparing for
Read the interview format thoroughly to identify how you will be assessed (i.e. Interviews, case study exercises, and tests). If you’re unsure – ask.


What are the core competencies required for the role?
                                        
Your interview performance and ultimately if you are successful or not, will be dependent on how you perform against core competencies
Identify what are the key competencies required for the role and for the company
What examples do you have to demonstrate each competency? Have you considered examples outside academia (i.e. sports, music, drama, volunteering, charity, mentoring, societies or other extracurricular activities) 
What achievements are you most proud of and why – which competency do they demonstrate?





Interview Questions
Interviewers will use a variety of questions to assess your ability against each competency. Ensure you are familiar with each type of question and how to structure your answers accordingly.
Types of interview questions may include:

Competency based questions
                                        
These require you to provide a real life example to explain how you behaved in a certain situation. Past behaviour is used as an indicator to assess potential future performance
Delivering a structured answer is crucial - research the STAR method to guide you
Top Tip: Ensure your examples are varied and recent (the more recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


Technical questions
                                        
Practice! There are many online resources or books available with practice questions
Questions may include basic accounting, valuation, brain teasers and mental arithmetic
Top tip: Brain teasers – the key is not the answer; it is the how you derive at the answer. The interviewer is assessing your ability to formulate a logical and methodical response


CV, cover letter and application questions
                                        
Ensure you have thoroughly re-read each document and identify any obvious questions
Top tip: Practice articulating your experience in a concise and structured manner out loud (it doesn’t always sound the same as when you practice in your head). 


Industry related questions
                                        
Interviewers will assess your interest, understanding and industry knowledge
Top tip: Form an opinion – digest the information you read and form your own judgment. Use facts and statistics to back up your conclusions





Research
There are a number of readily available resources to help you prepare. Make sure you fully utilise all resources available to you. These may include:

Online resources: Company website, press releases, annual reports, research publications, social media and online forums
School career services and recruitment events 
Networks – academic Staff, alumni, peers, family and friends – even if they do not have a financial services background, they can help you practice questions 



Your Questions
An interview is a two way process. It is an opportunity for you to assess if the company, role and culture is right for you. You will be given time to ask questions at the end of the interview, so you should ensure you use this time wisely. 

Plan questions to ask in advance - ensure they are relevant, well-thought-out and to the point
Show you’ve done your research and use the opportunity to demonstrate your interest



Plan the Interview Day
Preparing as much as possible in advance of your interview day will remove many of the inevitable nerves associated with the process.

Before the interview:
                                        
Dress professionally. Plan you outfit the day before and ensure you wear corporate attire
Be Punctual. Plan your route and account for delays in public transport
Aim to arrive 15 minutes before your interview start time. Contact us if problems arise and ensure you have noted the name and contact details of who to contact should this happen
Take a notebook, a pen (that works) and a calculator. Take a copy of your CV and application form
Remember: Be polite to everyone you meet, your interview begins as soon as you walk through the door of the building ore recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


During the Interview:
                                        
Ensure your cell phone is turned off
Greet your interviewer(s) with a firm handshake. Remember their name(s)
Maintain eye contact with your interviewer(s) and be aware of your body language – sit upright, don’t fidget and smile!
Listen carefully to questions you are asked. If you are unclear about anything, ask for clarification
Be honest. Back up your answers with real examples. If you exaggerate or lie it will show up in pre-employment checks
Relax - whether you are successful or not, the interview is a valuable learning experience. Make sure you get something out of it.
Close the interview – thank your interviewer for their time. If you’ve enjoyed the experience and you look forward to hearing about the next steps – tell us


After your Interview:
                                        
Be responsive. Following the interview, go back to your recruiter and continue to build a relationship
If you are offered a position it is unprofessional to renege (to accept and then later decline). This could be the first impression you create in the industry - you never know what the future holds









Q: Tell me about yourself

This is one of the most popular interview questions. It allows the interviewer to assess how you react in an unstructured situation and you answer provides an insight to what you think is most important.
Tip – focus on what will be of most interest to the interviewers. Ensure your answer is structured, brief and highlights your most important achievements.
Follow up questions may include:

Why did you choose your place of study? 
What courses have you most / least enjoyed and why?
Talk me through your internship experiences
What are you interests and hobbies (outside academic)? 
What are the most important things to you in a job?




Q: Why Banking?

We look for people who have a strong interest in investment banking. Interview Questions will determine how motivated you are and your rationale behind your decisions.

Why do you want to work in investment banking?
What do you think an Analyst does on a typical day?
Why are you interested in this division?
Where do you see yourself in five years? Ten years?
Explain the financial crisis 
If I gave you a million dollars today, how would you invest your money?
Which business publications do you read and why?




Q: Why Nomura?

We want to employ graduates who are passionate about joining Nomura and representing our brand

Why do you want to work for Nomura? 
What differentiates us from our competitors?
What is the share price of Nomura today?
What do you hope to get out of a job?
What other banks are you interviewing with?




Q: Skills

Your interviewer’s want to understand what sets you apart from the competition - sell yourself.

Why should we hire you? 
What skills have you got that make you suited to the role?
What are your strengths/development areas?
What is your greatest achievement and why?




Competency Questions

Show us proof that you are the kind of graduate we are looking for. Give concrete examples from any aspect of your life that show where you have personally made a difference.

Tell me about a time when you were creative
Tell me about a time when you had to manage conflicting priorities
Tell me about when you have missed an important deadline
What has been your biggest failure, professional or personal - and what did you learn?
Describe an occasion when you have had difficulties working in a team
What is the biggest risk you have ever taken?
How would you deal with a difficult client that puts you under pressure?
If a client told you that they wanted to improve their portfolio performance in the next 12 months, what would you suggest as potential strategies




Tips from our Graduates


Understand how the bank operates, the different roles available and the characteristics and tasks that each role entails
Don’t regurgitate generic questions and answers; it is quite obvious to those who work in the industry when someone has spent time reading and understanding concepts and news
Be yourself! It is important that the interviewer can see your personality in order to stand out from the rest
Keep up to date with relevant news - understand the current drivers in the industry
Do the obvious – read the latest annual report and CEO’s letter. Gain an insight into the firms values and strategy
We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills, plus a keen interest in markets and equities. 
We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up to quite senior positions quickly – ensure you demonstrate your ability to do this
Use your Careers services – they have direct contact with the recruiters and can offer invaluable advice you cannot find online
Be proactive - speak to graduates at fairs and presentations to get the ‘inside information’






Asset and Liability Management (ALM): the practice of managing risks that arise due to mismatches between assets and liabilities of the financial institution.
Bond: an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders. It is a debt security, under which the issuer owes the holders a debt and, depending on the terms of the bond, is obliged to pay them interest (the coupon) and/or to repay the principal at a later date, termed the maturity date
CAGR: “Compound Annual Growth Rate” – the year-over-year percentage growth rate of an investment over a specified period of time 
Capex: Acronym meaning Capital Expenditures, that are funds used by a company to acquire or upgrade physical assets such as property, industrial buildings or equipment. This type of outlay is made by companies to maintain or increase the scope of their operations
D&A: Acronym meaning Depreciation and Amortization, a category of expenditure by which a company gradually records the loss in value of a tangible (Depreciation) and Intangible (Amortization) asset
Deleveraging: Reduction of the leverage ratio, or the percentage of debt in the balance sheet of a single economic entity, such as a household or a firm.
Discount rate: The interest rate used in discounted cash flow analysis to determine the present value of future cash flows. The discount rate takes into account the time value of money (the idea that money available now is worth more than the same amount of money available in the future because it could be earning interest) and the risk or uncertainty of the anticipated future cash flows (which might be less than expected).
EBITDA: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization
EBIT: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest and Taxes
ETF: Exchange traded funds. An exchange traded fund is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, just like stocks. An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities or bonds, and trades close to its net asset value over the course of the trading day.
EV: “Enterprise Value” – Equal to Equity Value plus Net Debt (or minus Net Cash)
FCF: “Free Cash Flow” – Measure of cash generation used in fundamental valuation of a business. Equal to EBIT x (1 - tax rate) + depreciation and amortisation - changes in working capital - capex 
Forward interest rates: An interest rate that is specified now for a loan that will occur at a specified future date. As with current interest rates, forward interest rates include a term structure that shows the different forward rates offered to loans of different maturities.
Hedge: an investment made in order to reduce the risk of adverse price movements in a security, by taking an offsetting position in a related security, such as options or short sales.
LTM: Acronym meaning Last Twelve Months
IRR: Acronym meaning internal rate of return. The IRR corresponds to the rate of return on an investment. The IRR of a project is the discount rate that will give it a net present value of zero
Market Cap: Market capitalisation or market cap is a value of a corporation as determined by the market price of its common stock (shares). It is calculated by multiplying the number of outstanding shares by the current market price of the share
Market liquidity: an asset's ability to be sold without causing a significant movement in the price and with minimum loss of value.
Opex: Acronym meaning Operating Expenditures, a category of expenditure that a business incurs as a result of performing its normal business operations 
Payout ratio: The amount of earnings paid out in dividends to shareholders
Shareholder loan: an instrument used to distribute cash to shareholders while minimising a company’s tax liability. Not typically included within net debt 
Swap: highly liquid financial derivative instruments in which two parties agree to exchange interest rate cash flows, based on a specified notional amount from a fixed rate to a floating rate (or vice versa) or from one floating rate to another.
Swaption: An option granting its owner the right but not the obligation to enter into an underlying interest rate swap. A payer swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap where they pay the fixed leg and receive the floating leg. A receiver swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap in which they will receive the fixed leg, and pay the floating leg.
Ultimate forward rate (UFR): the theoretical forward interest rate to which forward rates converge. 
Yield to maturity: Discount rate at which the sum of all future cash flows from the bond (coupons and principal) is equal to the price of the bond.


Apply Here
Apply Here





Google Plus


Linkedin


YouTUBE


Twitter





























Nomura AMERICAS : About NAM Americas  GlobalJapanEuropeAMERICASSizeLargeSmall

 


HomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesFundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information

You are here : AMERICAS Home


About NAM Americas


 




About Nomura Asset



The Nomura Asset Management Group is a leading global investment manager which manages over US$319 billion of assets.  Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura has additional investment offices throughout the world including London, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, Frankfurt and New York. With a global workforce of over 1,200 employees it has been operating in Europe for the past 30 years.
Today Nomura Asset Management provides its clients with a wide range of innovative investment strategies including global, regional and single country equities, high yield bonds, alternative investments and global fixed income strategies.

A better focus
Nomura Asset Management is a global investment manager with a single objective worldwide: to deliver consistent outperformance whilst providing exceptional standards of client service. To this end we manage our portfolios actively, using a value-orientated investment philosophy, underpinned by dedicating significant resources to fundamental research.
What makes us different from other investment managers is not what we do, but how we do it. Like everyone else, we can see the big picture - but what we don't do is rely upon it.
We look beyond the consensus view, carrying out our own extensive research and refusing to accept things at face value.
The way we see it, the difference between success and failure is often the ability to spot something that others might overlook, identifying and capturing small opportunities. By keeping a close, constant watch on all the markets in which we operate - backed by stringent analysis and research - we can exploit these opportunities to the full, at the same time ensuring we do even the simplest things well and with consistency.
Credentials and credibility
Secure and stable foundationsThe Nomura group of companies was founded in 1873. By the early 1920s it had grown to be the dominant force in Japanese financial services. Building on this success, the group entered the global arena in the 1950s.
Focused on investment managementThe group's investment management activities are represented by Nomura Asset Management - Japan's largest independent investment manager and one of the industry's leading global players. Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura Asset Management has dedicated investment management operations in London, Frankfurt, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Malaysia and New York. Assets under management total $309 billion and the organisation employs 1,266 people around the globe, including 370 investment professionals.
Extensive international client baseNomura Asset Management counts among its clients many of the leading public and corporate pension funds, central banks, endowments, foundations, financial institutions, mutual funds, and individual investors from Europe to the Americas and the Middle East to the Pacific Basin.
Key Facts
$319 billion total AUMManaged across a wide range of strategies for a diversified client base
261 portfolio managersLocated strategically around the world
61 research professionalsOn the ground, in regular contact with the companies we invest in
7,167 company contactsThe number of research meetings we conduct in 2014
30 yearsOur long-term proprietary database holds over 30 years of analytical data
Source: NAM U.K., as at 30th June 2015

For more information please contact us

vpath=about/index&siteName=nam-usaPage Top

Print Outsub menu start from hereHomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesInternational (EAFE) Equity StrategyAsia Ex-Japan Equity StrategyJapan Equity StrategyJapan Small Cap. Equity StrategyGlobal Fixed Income StrategyPacific Basin Equity StrategyPacific Basin Ex-Japan Equity Strategy FundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information related areafooter menu start from hereSitemapFAQsFeedback DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyCookiesAccessibility PolicyCOPYRIGHT © 2007 - 2017 NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

Nomura International plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 22, 2017 2:50 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nomura International plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nomura International plc, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a securities broker/dealer in the United Kingdom. The company trades in and sells fixed income and equity products, including related derivatives; and provides investment banking services, and corporate finance and private equity services. It is also involved in asset and principal finance business. In addition, the company offers investment advisory and management, employment, custody, and corporate trustee services. The company was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in London, United Kingdom. Nomura International plc operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Europe Holdings plc.


1 Angel LaneLondon,  EC4R 3ABUnited KingdomFounded in 19812,635 Employees



Phone: 44 20 7102 1000

Fax: 44 20 7102 9090








Key Executives for Nomura International plc




Mr. Jonathan Lewis


      	Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
      








Mr. Yugo Ishida


      	President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Shigeki Fujitani


      	Global Deputy Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Gayle Turner


      	Head of Fixed-Income Department
      








Dr. Wolfgang Danner


      	Head of Corporate Finance - Germany and Managing Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nomura International plc Key Developments

Akamatsu Fund Appoints Nomura International plc as Additional Prime Broker
Jul 5 17
The Directors of the Akamatsu Fund announced that Nomura International plc has been appointed as a prime broker to the Fund pursuant to a Prime Brokerage Agreement between the Fund and Nomura dated 10th June 2016. Nomura has been appointed in addition to Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited. The Investment Manager will determine based on the nature and type of transactions how the assets of the Fund will be allocated between the prime brokers. Nomura has also agreed to provide a custody service for all of the Fund's investments held on Nomura's books and records in its capacity as prime broker on the terms set out in the Prime Brokerage Agreement and in accordance with the rules of the FCA. Nomura will where possible segregate the Fund's securities from Nomura's proprietary assets in accordance with the terms of the Prime Brokerage Agreement.


Nomura International plc Presents at Mines and Money London 2016, Nov-28-2016
Oct 26 16
Nomura International plc Presents at Mines and Money London 2016, Nov-28-2016 . Venue: Islington Business Design Centre, 14-22 Coleman Fields, London N1 7AD, United Kingdom. Speakers: Timothy Ash, Head of EMEA Credit Strategy.


Nomura International plc Reports Audited Earnings Results for the Year Ended March 31, 2016
Aug 12 16
Nomura International plc reported audited earnings results for the year ended March 31, 2016. For the year, the company reported trading profit was $1,264,729,000 compared to $1,764,447,000 a year ago. Operating loss was $692,307,000 compared to $351,207,000 a year ago. Loss on ordinary activities before taxation was $749,176,000 compared to $451,677,000 a year ago. Loss for the financial year was $718,340,000 compared to $458,525,000 a year ago. Net cash flow from operating activities was $2,679,728,000 compared to $1,202,787,000 a year ago. Purchase of fixed assets was $71,278,000 compared to $64,339,000 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nomura International plc, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿


Home | NOMURA



















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search







































































FY2017/18 Q1 Financial Results











Nomura Report 2016







About Our Brand







Nomura at a Glance







Diversity & Inclusion









Tweets by @nomuraYour access to Twitter is blocked. Please try accessing with a different device or follow @nomura using a Twitter account.



















News Releases
more





July 21, 2017
Nomura Individual Investor Survey July 2017 (PDF 376KB)


July 11, 2017
Nomura Appoints Fred Jallot as Head of Global Markets, EMEA (PDF 22KB)




RSS













Information





June 23, 2017
IR
113th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders


June 16, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 226KB)


May 26, 2017
IR
Presentation: Investor Day


February 23, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 25KB)


July 11, 2016
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 23KB)


November 6, 2015
Topics
Surrender of Banking License in Labuan, Malaysia (PDF 29KB)


October 20, 2015
Topics
Important: Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 36KB)


March 26, 2015
Topics
Nomura to Support Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games as Gold Partner in Securities Category










News Release Subscription Service
Request a Printed Nomura Report (Annual Report)


Modern Slavery Act Statements
Web Accessibility Test results based on JIS X 8341-3:2010 "8. Assessment"



















Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers




























Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Nomura International plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Nomura International plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Nomura International plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Nomura International plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers









































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Investment Banking Industry Report


















NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLCCompany Information

One Angel LaneLondon, London, EC4R 3AB England+44-02071021000 †
http://www.nomura.com
Top 3 Competitors

BARCLAYS CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED
Janus Henderson Group plc
GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP HOLDINGS (U.K.) LIMITED



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC Company Profile

   Nomura International is the UK-based subsidiary of Japan's Nomura Holdings. The company provides securities brokering, dealing, investment banking and advisory, corporate finance, asset management and custody services for individual, institutional, corporate, and government customers. The firm trades fixed income and equity products, including related derivatives. It also provides employment services, and makes private equity investments in technology and life sciences firms. Nomura International is based in London, but also operates in about a dozen other European and Middle Eastern countries.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

London, London, England
Securities Brokerages
Finance & Insurance Sector
Investment Banking







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report


Investment Banking Industry Report















NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC Revenue and Financial Data

   Nomura International is the UK-based subsidiary of Japan's Nomura Holdings. The company provides securities brokering, dealing, investment banking and advisory, corporate finance, asset management and custody services for individual, institutional, corporate, and government customers. The firm trades fixed income and equity products, including related derivatives. It also provides employment services, and makes private equity investments in technology and life sciences firms. Nomura International is based in London, but also operates in about a dozen other European and Middle Eastern countries.
  







Financials Information for NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$757.236


Gross Profit
$0.0


Operating Income
$0.0


Net Income
$-718.34


Diluted EPS
$0.0










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$5020.883


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating







 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


Philip Kendall
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Philip KendallVice President - Nomura SecuritiesLocationNew York, New YorkIndustryBankingCurrentNomuraPreviousNomura Securities, Nomura International plc, Nomura InternationalEducationLoughborough University190 connectionsView Philip’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Philip’s Full ProfileExperienceCredit Desk Analyst NomuraOctober 2016  –  Present (10 months)Hight Yield & Distressed Credit Vice President - Credit Product ControlNomura SecuritiesApril 2015  –  September 2016 (1 year 6 months)Finance Associate - Credit Product ControlNomura SecuritiesApril 2013  –  April 2015 (2 years 1 month)- covering emerging markets flow credit and structured credit trading.- skills employed include financial modelling, product knowledge of structured transactions, detailed understanding of accounting for financial products, derivatives and hedging.Finance Associate - Structured Credit Product ControlNomura International plcOctober 2010  –  April 2013 (2 years 7 months)London, United Kingdom- Worked closely with the structured credit trading desk, reconciling daily P&L, monitoring fx exposure, producing daily/weekly/monthly commentary for management. - reviewed new trade proposals and performed complex structured deal reviews.- posted adjustments to the ledger to account for differences between US and UK GAAP for certain transactions.- balance sheet attestation and sign off- looked at regulatory capital and was involved in capital reduction initiatives. - calculation of own credit on issued debt.- products covered included CLN's, bespoke CDO's, CDS, bonds, FX hedges, interest rate hedges and Repos.Finance analyst - Financial ControlNomura International plcAugust 2009  –  October 2010 (1 year 3 months)London, United KingdomI worked in financial control, responsible for submission of reports to the Bank of England and  internal reporting. Looked at US and UK GAAP accounting, monitored outstanding issued debt, reviewed own credit adjustments. I also focused on reviewing the regulated bank entity of Nomura working closely with various departments across the firm.Intern - Rates Product ControlNomura InternationalJuly 2007  –  August 2008 (1 year 2 months)London, United KingdomWorked in the rates product control team covering syndicate trading and the government bond trading desk. Gained exposure and understanding of vanilla financial products, derivatives and medium term notesSkillsDerivativesInvestment BankingFixed IncomeCapital MarketsValuationEquitiesFinancial ModelingCredit DerivativesFinancial AnalysisStructured ProductsRisk ManagementEquity DerivativesBondsFinancial MarketsProduct ControlFinanceFinancial RiskFinancial ReportingHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationLoughborough UniversityBanking Finance and Management, 2:1Banking Finance and Management, 2:12005  –  2009The Chartered Institute of Management AccountantsCIMA: ACMA, CGMAView Philip’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Philip directlyView Philip’s Full ProfileNot the Philip you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedRitishka ArvindVice President, Regulatory Controllers at Goldman Sachs Asset ManagementJeff RundletVice President at NomuraVani BhatiaD.D.S. Candidate at University of Michigan School of Dentistry Michael KimVice President at NomuraBrian VitoneVice President OperationsMea KonopasekSenior Finance Manager | Corporate Finance Professional | Director of Finance | FP&AOlivia BrayerEquity Research Associate at Guggenheim PartnersJonita AndoniFinancial Controller - Trading Risk and P&L Reporting at Deutsche BankKonstantin Popov, CFAVice President, Product ValuationsChetan MishraAssociate/Manager at NomuraPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Philip KendallFirst NameLast NameExample:  Philip KendallPhilip KendallManaging Director at Solage Auberge Resorts Collection Napa ValleyUnited StatesPhilip Kendall, CFA, CFP®VP - Branch Manager: Helping clients own their tomorrowUnited StatesPhilip KendallValidation Business Development Manager at Masy BioServicesUnited StatesPhilip Kendallcorporate pilotUnited StatesPhilip KendallTechnical Service for Sun Chemical at Bryce Corp.United StatesMore professionals named Philip KendallLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















nomura international plc - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Nomura International Plc - Get everything you need right here.



Ad
 ·
Search.com/​nomura international plc



Get everything you need right here. Nomura international plc.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Nomura International Plc - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Nomura International Plc



Results for Nomura International Plc. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Searches related tonomura international plc



nomura international plc annual report


nomura international plc london


nomura international plc address


nomura bank international plc



nomura home trade


nomura remote access


nomura connect


8604 jp




Web Results

Home - NOMURA

www.nomura.com


Nomura Holdings website. Group companies, news releases, services, CSR, IR, careers information.



Careers, Nomura Americas



About Nam Americas



Nomura Group - Official Site

www.nomuraholdings.com/top.html


Nomura is an Asia-based financial services group with an integrated global network spanning over 30 countries. By connecting markets East & West, Nomura services the ...


Nomura International plc: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Nomura International plc company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Nomura Group - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nomura_Group


Nomura Group Nomura Holdings ... but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. ... Nomura Europe Holdings plc, ...


Nomura International Plc (Europe)|Company Profile|Vault.com

www.vault.com/.../nomura-international-plc-(europe)/company-overview


Find out more about Nomura International Plc (Europe) including an overview, stats, history and other Commercial Banking and Investment Banking competitors.


NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC: quotes & news - Google Finance

www.google.com/finance?cid=14285380


Get detailed financial information on NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC including real-time stock quotes, historical charts & financial news, all for free!


Nomura Securities - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nomura_International_plc


In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc. History Background (before 1925) Nomura was founded by ...


Nomura NAM Europe : About NAM : London

www.nomura.com/nam-europe/about_nam/london.shtml


London, Nomura NAM Europe, About NAM ... NAM UK is based at One Angel Lane, an architecturally distinguished development in the City of London.


Nomura International plc: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?privcapId=1686456


Get to know Nomura International plc CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in this industry.


NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC - Welcome to Nomura

https://www.nomuranow.com/portal/site/login/en-gb/resources/upload/...


1 NOMURA INTERNATIONAL PLC YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2012 The Directors of Nomura International plc ("the Company") present their report and the financial










Nomura International Plc - Get everything you need right here.



Ad
 ·
Search.com/​nomura international plc



Get everything you need right here. Nomura international plc.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Nomura International Plc - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Nomura International Plc



Results for Nomura International Plc. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info




Searches related tonomura international plc



nomura international plc annual report


nomura international plc london


nomura international plc address


nomura bank international plc



nomura home trade


nomura remote access


nomura connect


8604 jp




12345Next






Answers







Nomura Securities



Japan, the company is nicknamed "Gulliver". Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA...

more






Bluestone Group



mortgage lender. The business was founded by Alistair Jeffery, an investment banker who had worked at Goldman Sachs and Nomura International plc in...

more






Sadeq Sayeed



From Nov 2008 till Feb 2009, he served as CEO of acquired EMEA businesses of Lehman; and later as CEO of Nomura International plc, a wholly owned...

more










News Results






MS International PLC : Result of AGM



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - Jul 20


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy,...

more





Eros International PLC A Ordinary Shares (EROS)



NASDAQ Front Page

 - Jul 18


*Data is provided by Barchart.com. Data reflects weightings calculated at the beginning of each month. Data is subject to change. Company Description...

more





Caledonia Mining Corp PLC (CALVD: OTCQX...



OTC Markets Group - News, Filings...

 - Jul 20


ST HELIER, CHANNEL ISLANDS--(Marketwired - July 20, 2017) - Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc ("Caledonia" or the "Company")...

more


















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








