











Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.












Careers, Nomura Americas
















Experienced Professionals


Students & Graduates













Make an impression
We are looking for the next generation of entrepreneurs and leaders to shape our future








About Nomura
Careers in global investment banking

Make an impression
At Nomura you will discover a unique spirit and proud heritage. Since 1925, Nomura has built on a commitment to deliver unique value to clients by connecting markets East & West. We continue to service our clients in a differentiated way, providing creative and entrepreneurial solutions.
If you are keen to be a part of a highly nimble and diverse workforce that offers opportunities for you to build a long term career, then come and discover more about Nomura. This could be a perfect fit for you.
Since our founding we have accumulated an unparalled depth and breadth of experience throughout Asia and the rest of the world. We are a highly integrated global network of 27,000 people in 30 countries across our retail, asset management and wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking) divisions.
Help us realize our strategy and ambition by joining us in one of our three wholesale businesses:

Global Markets
Investment Banking
Corporate Infrastructure (ie, Operations, Technology and Finance)

Americas
Our history in the US dates back to 1927 when Nomura became a registered member of the New York Stock Exchange. Much of our early work concentrated on providing clients with a unique view of, and access to, Asian markets.
Nomura has a built a strong capital position in the Americas with product knowledge in Fixed Income, Equities, Investment Banking and Asset Management. While our regional headquarters are in New York, we also have offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, San Francisco, Washington D.C., Toronto, Bermuda, and São Paulo.





Koji NagaiGroup CEO




The Nomura Brand Story




Diversity & corporate citizenship



Nomura History







Nomura Offices


































































































Message from the Group CEO

Supporting Japan's Future
Our home market of Japan is on the verge of significant change. Since the new government came to power in 2012, we have seen early signs of an economic recovery. To build on this momentum, we need to look hard at what the country requires and how we can contribute.
Given that Japan is the world's largest creditor nation and has the world's fastest aging population, one area that requires attention is the creation of a new social framework. At the same time, we need to revise the structure of our financial system. For Japan to grow sustainably into the future, the capital markets will have to play a more prominent role. Indeed, Japan's approximately ¥1,500 trillion in personal financial assets holds the key to the country's future growth. Nomura aims to support this growth by facilitating the flow of funds throughout the economy.
Connecting Markets East & West
Asia is expected to account for half of the world's GDP by 2050 and will no doubt remain the growth engine of the global economy over the coming years. However, for the region to realize its full potential, Asian countries must finance the large-scale infrastructure projects required to underpin economic growth. Japan can play a leading role here, growing together with the rest of Asia by putting its financial assets to work across the region. With Asia as our home market, this is an area in which Nomura has a distinct competitive advantage.
As economies around the world mature and become increasingly global, companies and investors in the West are looking East for growth opportunities. As the only Japanese financial institution with a truly global network, Nomura is well placed to connect markets in the East and the West by leveraging our franchise to provide liquidity in the world's capital markets. By meeting the needs of our global client base and expanding our business, we can contribute to economic growth and social development.
In doing so, we aim to win the trust of our clients and society as we work towards being Asia's global investment bank.

×


Nomura History



×


Diversity & corporate citizenship

Corporate citizenship
Investing in the communities where we operate is an integral part of our business model and our culture. Every day we think creatively for our clients and our capacity for innovation also gives us the ability to drive societal change – that is at the heart of our award-winning Community Affairs program.
In all our work with local communities, our approach is underpinned by a desire to make life better for future generations. In practice, this means investing in young people and leveling the playing field, so that everyone has a better chance to grow and succeed, regardless of their socioeconomic background.
Nomura is committed to contributing to sustainable development through our core business and corporate activities in order to make the world a better place for future generations.
With the support of Nomura employees’ as volunteers, initiatives and fund raising events have included the Power Lunch mentoring and literacy program, Parkinson's Unity Walk, MuckFest MS, Dress for Success and Make-A-Wish Family day amongst other monthly volunteering programs organised.
Diversity and inclusion
We believe that attracting, developing and retaining the most talented people with the broadest experiences positively affects the bottom line. By fostering an inclusive culture, we are working to create an organization where impressive people can build their careers. Our people should be valued for the work they do and be respected for their contributions.
One of the ways we encourage people to connect with others is through our employee networks, Women in Nomura (WIN), LGBT and Employee Life and Families (ELF). Through formal and informal events, participants are able to exchange ideas and receive support on both career and family related topics. By supporting the development of employee networks and communities of interest, we are breaking down silos and strengthening relationships across the globe.

×




Our Business
Built to value ideas


Intellectual Capital in Action 
Get a unique perspective from our international experts – Connecting Markets East & West.









We have a client-centric model and continue to make significant enhancements to our investment banking platform, global distribution, structuring expertise and product capabilities.
We continue to significantly increase our global footprint where we believe we have a competitive advantage and can best serve our clients, employees and shareholders. By putting our clients at the center of everything we do, we provide high value-added solutions and contribute to economic growth as Asia’s global investment bank.

Investment Banking

Global Markets

Corporate Infrastructure









Annisa Lee 
Head of Flow Credit Analysis, Asia ex-Japan










Kevin Gaynor 
Global Head of Asset Allocation Strategy










George Goncalves 
Head of US Rates Strategy










Selim Toker 
Hedging Balance Sheet Risk










Nick Kenworthy 
Head of Research Sales, UK










Richard Byworth 
Head of Multi Strategy Sales, Asia ex-Japan












Investment Banking

Our Investment Banking Division provides a variety of advisory and capital-raising solutions to corporations, financial institutions, governments and public-sector organizations around the world. Our global teams act as geographic, product and industry specialists.
Corporate Finance Advisory: Sector and country coverage professionals are critical in identifying and analyzing deal opportunities and managing client relationships. The ideas generated can have a tremendous impact on a sector.
Global Finance and Capital Raising: Global Finance is a combination of product experts, who are focused on providing tailor-made client solutions in debt or equity financing. The group works closely with Corporate Finance, M&A and Global Markets to originate structure and execute deals across the globe.
We deliver Asia to our clients – accessing deep pools of liquidity and dynamic growth markets, with cross-border collaborations in M&A, DCM, ECM, and solutions businesses.

×


Global Markets

Nomura's Global Markets Division handles client transactions for financial institutions, corporates, governments and investment funds around the world. We act as market makers, trading in fixed income and equity securities, including currencies, interest rates and credit in cash, derivatives and structured products. We have taken market-leading positions across the globe by leveraging the strength of our talent, client relationships and technology.
By developing strong relationships with our client base through consistent interaction, independent advice and pre-eminent access to Asia, we have built a powerful global franchise across interest rates, currency and credit products. Our client services cover both high-volume flow products and carefully tailored structured solutions. We have adapted to the changing financial landscape to build a client centric focus differentiated by innovation, electronic and service excellence and market-leading derivatives capabilities.

×


Corporate Infrastructure

Our Corporate Infrastructure Division is what underpins the success of the entire organization. It is internationally renowned and structured to deliver a world-class client service. We rely on it to build and support the business, helping us deliver innovative financial solutions that set Nomura apart in the global marketplace.
In our highly competitive and fast-paced industry, strong infrastructure teams are fundamental to our success. Work in these areas (Compliance, Finance, Operations or Technology) with us and you will operate at the forefront of your field, as well as gaining a valuable insight into how Nomura operates on a global scale.

×



Our People
Talented people drive our business forward


Nomura believes in harnessing the ambition of talented and intelligent people to drive our business forward. Our graduates' entrepreneurial spirits are helping us to realize our strategy to become Asia's global investment banking. Hear how Nomura impressed them, their experiences as interns and graduates and the evolution of their roles and responsibilities since joining.






Charmaine Chong
Investment Banking

Charmaine Chong - Investment Banking, Singapore


Graduated in Liberal Arts with a focus in Economics, Vassar College, USA, 2011

For most liberal arts students, investment banking may not seem like a natural career choice. I was initially skeptical as well. Although an analyst position provides the fast-paced working environment with high expectations I was looking for, I was concerned that my limited finance knowledge compared to students with a business-related degree would hold me back. However, as I went through the recruiting process, I realized that investment banks are looking for more than just the right answers to technical questions – they also value the diversity in thought and depth of communication and interpersonal skills that liberal arts graduates can bring to the table.
While the first few weeks as an intern or analyst can be daunting, especially for those without a finance background, Nomura has structured a training program that accelerates the learning curve. With a comprehensive curriculum and warm and consistent mentoring to support one’s learning, the only other necessity is a passion to improve and to deliver high-quality work.
There were two things I was greatly appreciative of within days of joining Nomura: the strong team spirit and the willingness of my colleagues to consider all opinions and ideas. Even as an intern, I was integrated immediately into and considered part of the team. My responsibilities and contributions grew along with my capabilities, regardless of my title.
Having served in both capital markets and corporate finance sides of investment banking, I’m grateful for the in-depth exposure to a wide variety of financial products and companies across Asia. In my current role as an analyst in the corporate finance team, I’m constantly juggling different deals with different clients, deliverables and deadlines – what excites me especially is when the work my team produces benefits our clients’ growth strategies.
Nomura continues to expand rapidly. Building on our significant momentum, we continue to generate new business opportunities. This is the place for graduates looking for a stimulating and intellectually challenging environment and who want to be an integral part of an exciting future.

×




Christopher Read
Corporate Infrastructure

Christopher Read - Finance


BSc in Banking, Finance & Management, Loughborough University

The opportunity to be given real work and responsibility from day one impressed me and was a key reason I applied to Nomura. As an intern in the Fixed Income Product Control team I was responsible for producing daily profit and loss statements, which included reconciling various data feeds, comparing desk estimates and communicating any discrepancies to the traders. This gave me great exposure across the desk and with the traders. As I became more confident and efficient, I was given additional products and traders to cover.
Nomura excels at providing real opportunities to interns and graduates. In the current economic climate there are many challenges but also opportunities to get more involved. I have increasingly been given more responsibility, while some of my friends are still doing similar roles to when they started. 
The graduate training included technical and soft skills sessions. The soft skills "Delivering powerful presentations" training was particularly valuable - our pitches were recorded and then replayed, which was really helpful and informative.
My responsibilities have steadily grown since joining the rotational graduate program. I have been heavily involved in several insightful pieces of analysis for senior management. In Cost Management & Analytics I developed an internal cost allocation process, improved the content and insight of internal Management Information (MI) and worked on delivering several cost saving initiatives. In the Regulatory Reporting team I have taken ownership of several key processes and reports and recently played a key project role in the delivery and reporting of the new CRDIV Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) to the UK Regulator (PRA).
My top tip for future interns is flexibility and networking. You have to be flexible in your approach to work. Be ready to take on new projects and tasks that may be outside your remit. Be proactive and don’t be afraid to challenge the status quo.

×




Clarence Nahan
Investment Banking

Clarence Nahan - Investment Banking, London


Masters in Management, ESCP Europe

Route to Nomura: I joined the full time program after being an intern for 10 months at Lehman Brothers
Since joining I have increasingly been exposed to the firm’s deal flow and I have worked on landmark transactions like the Moncler €784m IPO. I have really been able to make an impact and take ownership of key work streams. Moreover, since my arrival, the team has expanded with the arrival of new analysts and interns, allowing me to mentor them and share all the training that I had received as a junior banker. Over the past years I have also been more involved in Nomura’s citizenship initiatives - volunteering at our partner secondary school as a visiting French teacher.
The Equity Capital Markets team focuses on Nomura's largest corporate clients. As a team we provide advisory and execution capabilities on cash-equity-related products including: IPOs, rights issues, ABBs (strategic or financial stake divestment) and a range of other strategic dialogues, like stake building, dividend policy and capital structure.
Nomura gives you the chance to be part of a new story in investment banking. We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up quickly. You need to be bright, full of energy and have a long-term view. 
I'm very excited about my future here. At Nomura, we are not bogged down with major reputational issues - instead we're concentrating on building our franchise. Our move to our current landmark office in the City (of London) was a symbol of this commitment to Europe.
I interview many of our graduates. We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills plus a keen interest in markets.

×




Elisabeth Kilbane
Global Markets

Elisabeth Kilbane, Global Markets, New York


Majored in Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)

Route to Nomura: The summer before my senior year of college, I interned with Nomura and at the end of the summer, I received and accepted an offer of full-time employment.
To prepare for my interview, I read up on current events and the markets, and I considered in advance the personal experiences that had led me to applying. I also researched Nomura itself, so that I understood the firm’s role in the global finance landscape. My advice is to stay calm during the interview. You may be asked some technical questions that are difficult to prepare for ahead of time. Give the questions your best shot, but don't let them overwhelm you or cloud the rest of your interview. 
During my internship, I was given the opportunity to work on projects with very senior people. I was trusted to take responsibility for projects and expected to contribute in a meaningful way right from the start. Because of this, there were high expectations for development throughout the program, and I felt as though my mentors were pushing me towards goals in my product knowledge. This challenging yet supportive environment proved to be an excellent learning experience, and I learned more in my summer with Nomura than I had in any previous internship. 
Having never worked in financial markets before, I was very unsure of what to expect going into my summer internship. I walked into training knowing only the basics of finance, and I expected the experience to be overwhelming and highly competitive. However, I found my peers and mentors to be extremely helpful throughout my summer at Nomura. 
I believe the key to a successful internship is to express a genuine interest in the products. Interns should work to understand to the best of their ability, the products of the desks they rotate through. You can demonstrate your knowledge by showing real curiosity and asking intelligent questions. While meeting a lot of people is of course important, the value of this is increased tremendously by having high quality conversations and leaving a positive impression on those you meet.

×




George Robinson
Investment Banking

George Robinson, Investment Banking, New York


Economics degree, Brigham Young University

Nomura has several major strengths. The first is its Asian connection. Research analysts agree that a lot of investment will be coming out of Asia in the next several years, especially Japan, and given the difference in culture, it is extremely helpful that Nomura has the connections and the knowledge to know how to deal with Asian buyers. Nomura is also a place where I will be given the opportunity to make real contributions and where I would have the best opportunity to learn and develop myself. 
I prepared for interviews by studying the finance and accounting topics I knew were important in interviews and practiced how to answer interview questions well. I also networked with professionals from Nomura and learned about the firm and got tips from them about how to interview well at Nomura. In addition to these things, I would also advise students who are about to apply for internships to regularly read the news, specifically the Wall Street Journal, and be able to talk about important and trending topics.
A typical day for me as an intern in the Industrials group would start just before 9am and if there wasn’t a deck that needed to be printed or some work finalized, I would catch up on the news. Around 9:30 I would meet with members of the deal team and we would go over what we had done so far and what else was needed.
From that point until around 12pm I would work on some aspect of the deal or pitch. This work varied greatly. On one particular pitch I spent a great deal of time helping create the strategic positioning pages for a company, the strategic buyer list with associated rationale and I helped build the model. 

                            After lunch we would circle up again and discuss what changes we would want to make and how to better present what
 we had. Throughout the afternoon there could be various meetings that I would attend. These could consist of sitting in on client or industry specialist calls or meeting with mentors or senior bankers.

                            At around 6.30pm most people would order dinner and eat together. After dinner we would circle up again and figure out what our next steps were and from that point until sometime between 11pm and 1am we would work. There are a lot of ebbs and flows in the work, and this was a typical day when we were particularly busy preparing for an important pitch. 
The people at Nomura are some of the most down-to-earth and nicest people I’ve had the fortune of working with. Given these things I’m very happy that I chose Nomura and I couldn’t imagine now having made any other choice.

×




Ifiok Ekwere
Investment Banking

Ifiok Ekwere - Investment Banking, London


Joint Honors Bachelors degree in Biology and Management, Imperial College London

What impressed me about Nomura was the structure of the internship program. From a non-finance background I was keen to complete an internship in a bank where I would have the opportunity to learn as much as I could about the industry and to understand where my skill set would be best suited. Before the internship I thought I would be most suited to an Equities role, however, rotating between Equities and Fixed Income helped me realize my skill set and interests were much better suited to a role in Fixed Income. 
As an intern my typical day started at around 6.30am. I was responsible for summarizing key points in our trading meeting and updating the team. I attended desk-specific meetings to organise the day’s tasks before the markets opened for trading. After trading, I would review the days' trades with the settlement teams to ensure they had been booked correctly. On the FX Sales desk I also built an Excel model that was used as a platform to structure sales strategies.
As an Associate my typical day starts around 7.30am with a morning meeting call. I then put together a summary of the news highlights from Bloomberg relating to the companies that we manage in our loan portfolio. During earnings season, I will put together earnings summaries and circulate these to the relevant teams and people within the bank. If there is a 'live' deal being assessed by the desk, there will often be a series of meetings with colleagues across the Investment Banking, Finance and Risk Management divisions to discuss and analyse the merits of the deal before it is sent to the necessary approval committees. 
A highlight for me was the Management Buy-Out of Iceland Foods – it was the first deal I was responsible for from start to finish and it was a thrill to see it announced in the news upon completion!
As a graduate I have been involved in a number of well-known EMEA / Americas transactions. I find the investment banking industry fascinating and am looking forward to gaining more experience and progressing at an even faster pace with my career over the next few years.

×




Jaap Tanke
Global Markets

Jaap Tanke - Global Markets, London


Masters in Finance, University of Amsterdam

Route to Nomura: After I graduated, I immediately joined the Global Markets summer internship program and at the end of the program I received an offer to join full time.
What initially impressed me about Nomura was the open culture and how approachable the people were.

During my internship I rotated between the Managed Accounts desk in Equities and the Corporate Equity derivatives team. In the first rotation, I assisted the team with small tasks as they were in the middle of launching a new fund. In my second rotation I learned how to price different option structures with in-house software researched specific stocks and contributed towards different slides of pitch book presentations.
The intern training was very helpful. The Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters training ensured I was up to speed to complete tasks while on the desk. There were a lot of networking opportunities and we also contributed towards raising money for the charity Rainbow Trust by organizing different activities for employees to sponsor the interns. The cross divisional activities ensured we met with fellow interns across the firm.
As a graduate I had immediate exposure to clients (after completing my FCA qualification). The immediate exposure allowed me to build key relationships which have resulted in doing day to day business with some top accounts now. My focus at the moment is to become a specialist in one specific product, in order to eventually become the go-to person for my clients in this product.
My top advice for an intern is to explore the firm; sit with different desks and divisions as this will give you a very good overview of the different positions available at a global investment bank. In addition, try to add value on top of your main day to day tasks; this will demonstrate that you are eager and a hard worker.

×




Joyce Su
Global Markets

Joyce Su - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Graduated with an MA in Mathematics of Finance, Columbia University, 2010

I returned to Asia after working and studying in the US for a number of years. What motivated me to join Nomura when I moved back is its reputation - it's the best bank in Asia, with a growing global reach. The people here also influenced my decision: from my first interview they gave me their time and expertise so that I could find the best role to match my skill set. They wanted me to maximize my career potential, as well as match me to an area that would benefit them - it was a two-way decision.
What sets Nomura above other investment banks is the culture. The rapidly expanding global operations are making us a leader in the industry, and this momentum gives the bank an entrepreneurial feel. It's a place where smart people work together and encourage each other to develop their own creative ideas.
I am part of the Prime Services team, financing and structuring hedge funds for our sales people and traders. From day one I participated in so many aspects of the business and my manager was keen to get my input and opinion on our projects. In fact, he still is! I've learnt never to be afraid of bringing ideas to the table, because the managers here always give you the chance to excel. If your ideas are good, they will use them.
I'm looking forward to forging a successful career at Nomura. It's a place where you can learn and absorb knowledge quickly, and use it to move up to higher levels of responsibility. If you have the right attitude and a passion for investment banking, this is the place to be.

×




Sameer Rahman
Global Markets

Sameer Rahman - Global Markets, Singapore


Graduated in Mathematics, University of New South Wales.  MBA in International Business, University of Technology, Sydney

I never doubted that I wanted to work in investment banking, simply because the nature of the industry is such that it challenges you to push yourself to do the best you can. Joining this industry, I knew I would be working with (or competing against) some of the brightest people around which motivates me to go the extra mile.
I was attracted to Nomura because of its strong business culture, positive team environment and, most importantly, the excellent opportunities afforded to young graduates such as myself. We are growing at an incredible pace and it’s truly an exciting place to be, if one looks at the footprint we already have in this industry and what we are striving to achieve.
From the beginning, the 6 week graduate training program in London helped us strengthen our knowledge across different asset classes as well as forge meaningful relationships with our peers from the different offices across the world. It gave us the base to settle in immediately once we joined our desk.  
I was trusted to cover clients and asked to come up with trade ideas very early on. My manager was very encouraging and it gave me the confidence to learn and grow very quickly. Looking back on the past year and putting everything in perspective, joining Nomura was one of the best decisions I made. 

×




Sapna Aeri
Corporate Infrastructure

Sapna Aeri - Technology, London


Bachelors Computer Science degree, City University London

Route to Nomura: I took a third year industrial placement with Lehman Brothers, which later resulted in a role at Nomura.
I was impressed by Nomura as it appeared to be constantly growing and adapting. This meant I would be involved in new projects and new and evolving technology to cope with the greater global demand. This was (and still is) an exciting prospect!
As an intern I gained vast exposure to the variety of roles I could pursue. I attended networking events, panel discussions and lunch & learn sessions. The thought of working in an investment bank was initially quite intimidating, however I was surprised at how freely I was able to interact with colleagues of varying seniority, allowing me to build a strong network and experience a range of outlooks and perspectives.
The graduate training was really useful. With a background in IT, I had limited understanding of banking, so it was useful to gain a more detailed understanding. We have had further product specific training and personal development sessions since then, which is great for understanding how you are being perceived by others and how to present yourself in different situations.
Every day you learn something new; I could be holding discussions with the desk, brokers or development team, or discussing new ideas, projects and enhancements to our current systems. My responsibilities span from kicking off and looking after projects for the desk, managing system upgrades and testing, as well as ensuring trade flows are being handled correctly. I am learning about option trading directly from the desk and the management of the trades through testing on our FX options platform. As banking evolves and changes, I have the opportunity to learn about the new technology on offer, scope out new requirements and see the projects through from start to end.
Since joining as a graduate I have progressed to the position of Senior Business Analyst within FX Options technology; I have led the delivery of global high profile projects for both regulatory and business purposes and I have improved the quality of deliverables by implementing a thorough suite of testing. 

×




Sayaka Azuma
Global Markets

Sayaka Azuma - Global Markets, London


Graduated in Economics, Kobe University

After studying Economics at university I developed a passion for finance; investment banking seemed like the perfect place for me to explore the industry further. For me, Nomura was the best choice. It's famous in Japan, not only for being at the forefront of banking but also for its hard-work ethic and dynamic culture.
In my time here I have seen the fusing of traditional and new, with Nomura's acquisition of Lehman Brothers. This has formed a culture that encourages new thinking based on strong foundations, and that makes it a really interesting place to work.
As an execution trader, I receive and execute orders from our London office for Japanese stocks. I can win money very quickly, and lose it too, which makes my job really exciting. Each time I succeed, it makes me want more. That is what drives me to come to work every day. Being in constant contact with my colleagues in London also makes me feel part of an international business, not a Japanese bank. I'm not sure how many other places could offer that.
What makes Nomura an exciting place to be right now is the change we are going through. If you have ambition and drive, you can use those talents to get involved in this change process, grow the company, and really boost your career.

×




Vincent Li
Global Markets

Vincent Li - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Global Business in Finance, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, 2008

What's always made investment banking an appealing career choice for me is the dynamic nature of the industry, and the interaction you get with all kinds of people and clients. When I was selecting the starting point of my career, I wanted a place that offered me the opportunity to grow and learn quickly. Nomura is a company that is rapidly expanding its footprint across the financial world and it matched well with my career objectives.
When I first started at Nomura, I had the chance to spend six months in London on the Convertibles desk in Sales, Trading and Research, which was a great experience. When I came back to Hong Kong I moved over to the Equity Derivatives desk. Working with a team from the rest of the world, my role is about generating cross-regional trade ideas for our clients. Being able to produce profitable and unique ideas that no other investment bank offers in the market is a very satisfying feeling. This is also the driving force behind waking up every morning to anticipate another unpredictable, yet exciting day.
During the beginning, what really surprised me were the opportunities I was given at a junior level. Very early on in my role the firm was happy to publish my ideas and let me deal with clients. They were very trusting in my abilities, which I really appreciated, and this experience helped me to learn a lot quickly.
Nomura is a great place for new graduates because of the team culture, knowledge sharing and training programmes. The firm is growing very quickly- I don't think we can be matched on our current growth across the world. If you have ambition and are keen on learning, no other company will be able to give you the opportunities and exposure you're going to get here. 

×




Yuta Arndt Osada
Global Markets

Yuta Arndt Osada - Global Markets,Tokyo


Keio University

I joined Nomura because you get a lot of responsibility from a very early stage, and everyone works together as a team to meet client needs.
My typical day starts with a morning meeting from 7:10am to share information and have discussions on the stock price from the previous day. We start calling clients from 8:00am with the information from the morning meeting.
It is always extremely busy until 9:00am as many clients prefer to be called before the market opens in order to hear the information and be prepared for the initial reaction of stocks.
After the market opens I continue to talk to clients or go back to the Analysts to have further discussions and looking at the initial stock reactions.
From 12:00pm I usually join meetings with clients or sometime corporates to hear what clients are currently interested in.
At about 3:00pm after the market closes, we often have equity deals, which makes it extremely busy again. I start calling clients to notify them of the deal and arrange road show meetings.
At 5:00pm, if a deal is launched, I join a meeting with the company. Otherwise I am usually preparing for the next day’s morning meeting or discussing stocks with our Analysts, after which I leave the office.
What sets Nomura apart from the other banks is the spirit to work together globally as a team to satisfy client needs all times. I joined the firm because of this and this is what I think differentiates us from others, and what makes it a very good place to work in.

×






Programs
We’re looking to recruit individuals who are motivated

An internship with Nomura is your opportunity to see what you could be part of. You will get first-hand experience of the possibilities a career in banking could bring you, and get a feel for our culture. You will also have the opportunity to create new networks, gain valuable on-the-job training and see what makes us the most exciting proposition in the investment banking world.
We aim to give our interns the same level of exposure as a first-year Analyst or Associate. That means you will work as a full member of the team, participating in team meetings, potentially meeting clients, forming effective working relationships and showing a real commitment to our goals and values. During the course of your internship you can expect to work closely with a buddy and have regular contact with senior mentors.


Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate infrastructure

Training Programs




If you're fascinated by the markets and their movements, cycles and patterns, then global markets is for you. Learn how we make the markets and handle major transactions for corporations, governments and investment funds around the globe. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in global markets where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office.
What's involved?
You will have an excellent introduction to the firm. Next, you will learn valuable, hands-on skills such as valuation, pricing and structuring. The emphasis here is on practical application - we will make sure that you quickly develop the technical proficiency and strong business skills you will need to thrive in this fast-moving market environment. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor and our dedicated program management team.
Sales: You will learn the skills needed to develop and maintain strong relationships with institutional clients, including pension funds, hedge funds, insurance companies and others.
                            
Trading: You will buy and sell securities in the secondary market on behalf of clients or the firm, taking responsibility for market making and capital commitment.
                            
Research: You will collect, analyze and assess industry and company information, providing keen market insight and impressive investment ideas for institutional investors and internal clients.
                            
Structuring: You will develop expertise in designing and developing innovative products and strategies tailored to specific client needs.


If it's the challenge and excitement of investment banking that drives you, then this is the route for you. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in investment banking where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office. By the time you have finished, you will have all the functional skills, technical knowledge and tools you will need for an influential career.
What's involved?
Our internship and graduate programs will give you everything you need to join the front ranks of global investment bankers. You will develop knowledge and experience in accounting, modelling, valuation and deal structuring. You will find that the emphasis is on practical application - this way you can expect to make an immediate impact. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor, and our dedicated program management team.
Deal execution: You will work closely with clients and execution teams (lawyers, accountants, consultants and bankers) on mandated transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, capital raisings and restructurings.
                            
Client relationship management: We want to see you generating and presenting ideas at client meetings alongside senior bankers.
                            
Strategic analysis: We will train you to produce financial, structural and business risk analysis to support transactions and client presentations.
For an Associate role you must have or be completing an MBA and have relevant work experience.


If you want to gain a clear overview of a fast-moving global business, then consider choosing one of our corporate infrastructure programs. These programs in finance, operations, technology and risk will give you product-specific training in your chosen area.


Finance

Operations

Technology

Risk




Finance professionals play a critical role in creating and preserving shareholder value by providing business advice and ensuring control of the global franchise. This includes accounting, treasury, tax and regulatory services. This part of the business provides analysis and oversight, including our overall financial performance. Finance is also responsible for managing our funding and liquidity requirements and for interacting with our creditors and the rating agencies.
What's involved?
This program will provide you an opportunity to learn how we manage the flow of money in and out of the business through internal control systems. You will also enjoy an excellent overview of Nomura's performance, including revenues, expenses, regulatory capital and headcount. And you can expect to partner closely with senior business leaders in a highly collaborative and dynamic environment.


This is the organization that takes responsibility for the processing, control and settlement of Nomura's transactions. Operations provide support to the trading front office. Think of this division as the support and control infrastructure that enables Nomura to develop and deliver across the world.
What's involved?
Join Operations and you will be responsible for the management and execution of transactions in a way that maximizes profitability and minimizes risks. Expect to work closely with our sales, trading and IT teams as you develop innovative and efficient approaches to our clients' investment, liquidity and risk management needs.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in operations, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Technology at Nomura involves working with, and designing, state-of-the-art information technology and risk management systems. These are the systems that can often give us that crucial, split-second edge over our competitors. Daily tasks range from infrastructure support and deployment to in-house development of complex modeling software and applications.
What's involved?
Expect to get involved in developing new applications to implement cutting-edge standards, constantly staying at the forefront of technology. You will develop an impressive level of technical knowledge and build your skills in systems development and support, using a range of technology packages (VB, SQL, Perl, C++, Java, XML, XSLT, JSP). In addition to this, you will gain an understanding of different financial products (such as equities, bonds, futures, options, swaps, exotic derivatives and quanto) and build complex and valuable knowledge of risk management methods and techniques as well as live trade analysis.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in technology, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Our risk group is responsible for identifying, analyzing and managing our risk. The information and advice they give us shapes our risk appetite and risk decisions. By continually monitoring operational, credit and market risk, we are able to make quick, strong decisions that give us the best possible standing in the global marketplace.
What's involved?
When you start in risk, you will receive all the dedicated training and support you need to prepare you for your role. Our training program will provide you with an excellent introduction to the firm, as well as hands-on skills, such as: the techniques we use to analyze risk; how to manage our risk frameworks; and how to use technology packages like SQL and VBA. With this training you will be able to make an immediate impact on our business.
                                    
Operational risk management: You will work across our business functions to ensure they are managing their operational risks effectively.
                                    
Credit risk: Alongside our credit officers, you will analyze the credit quality of hedge funds and financial institutions before we take them on as clients.
                                    
Market risk: Focused on fixed-income markets, you will evaluate our exposure in cash and derivatives, making sure all relevant data is recorded and used in daily risk calculations.
What will I need?
Join our graduate program in risk, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.




Our training program builds Nomura's pipeline of future leaders and functional experts through the successful integration and development of early tenured professionals. The global nature of our programs is a key differentiator and our graduates begin their career with us in London with participants from EMEA, US and Asia offices. We will also provide you with ongoing learning and development opportunities throughout your career.
Our training program covers various modules, which include:

An introduction to Nomura, its strategy, platform and businesses
Providing a comprehensive understanding of the Analyst and Associate role in their respective division
Equipping our Analysts and Associates with the finance/technical skills essential for their career
Promote networks for collaboration amongst global colleagues




Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate Infrastructure




The Global Markets training program is designed to provide our Analysts and Associates with the knowledge and the skills required to make an immediate contribution to their team. The global course is the first step in the graduates' assimilation into Nomura and the development of their career.
The curriculum combines a broad Global Markets overview, financial fundamentals and specific divisional and functional content. Participants are exposed to senior leadership through integrated business speakers, success panels and networking events. The program also emphasizes Nomura's commitment to giving back to the community through an organized philanthropic activity.
The delivery of the continuous development curriculum takes place via a broad means, including classroom sessions, senior speaker series, e-Learning, subject matter experts, mentoring programs and team-building events.


The training program is designed to provide a solid foundation in preparation for a smooth transition into investment banking at Nomura.
The program comprehensively covers: accounting, corporate finance/valuation, financial modelling, fixed income and equity product analytics and banking group overviews. Complementing the classroom learning, Analysts and Associates complete assignments, deliver presentations on financial news and attend social events arranged to facilitate teamwork and peer interaction.
Our continuing education series comprises of sessions delivered by bankers on a variety of topics such as DCM, ECM, M&A process, LBO modelling. In addition, all Analysts and Associates have the opportunity to attend soft skills training, which focus on presentation, communication skills, personal impact, negotiation skills and relationship management skills.


Nomura's Corporate Infrastructure training program comprises of online resources, classroom based technical and product training and a soft skills curriculum.
The two weeks of intensive training when graduates join offers a comprehensive introduction to banking in general, along with financial products and concepts. The training is delivered by external trainers and senior internal subject matter experts. During the initial training graduates will participate in classroom based seminars, trading simulations, business overviews and networking events.
Whatever division you join, you will benefit from ongoing performance feedback. At Nomura, our managers spend time focusing on your career development. They will dedicate considerable amounts of time to coach and mentor you, helping you to realize your full potential.










News & Campus Events
The graduates are set to enjoy great success

We arrange a number of campus events during the recruitment season, which include company presentations, skills sessions, careers fairs and networking events at various universities and business schools.
Nomura campus events provide students with an opportunity to meet with business representatives and the graduate recruitment team. Our team can provide you with application and interview advice, and we are always keen to meet talented, ambitious students on campus. You should check with your careers service for more information on Nomura events on campus.
Know Nomura Facts


No. 1 Institutional Investor All-Japan Research team ranking for the fifth consecutive year
No. 1 in Nikkei Veritas analyst ranking survey for Fixed Income Analyst / Economist survey for the fourth consecutive year
Nomura ranked #1 for FX Research in Institutional Investor’s All-America Fixed Income Research Survey
Nomura wins Best IPO: Suntory Beverage & Food $3.72bn IPO
Xstrata Glencore, $90bn joint financial advisor
Grifols acquisition of the Transfusion Diagnostics Unit of Novartis AG, $1.68bn






Apply Now
See what opportunities are available to you
Apply Here
Apply Here

Whether you are just entering the industry or an experienced professional looking for your next exciting opportunity, working at Nomura is a unique opportunity to make a difference in the industry in a way that is unprecedented. We have quite a number of roles for which we are currently accepting applications and we invite you to go through our list of global opportunities and send your CV to us.
Please click here to review current opportunities.
Please click here to view the latest Americas recruiting brochure.



Application Process

Application FAQs

Interview Tips

Mock Interview

Glossary




You will need to apply through your university or business school careers service. We accept applications from all degree disciplines. While your degree subject doesn't matter, you must be numerate, with an interest in finance and have a desire to work in the investment banking industry.
Your application will be screened and if you are invited to interviews, you should be prepared to answer questions relating to our competencies:

Problem solving/Analytics
Team skills/Professionalism
Leadership
Initiative
Communication





Does Nomura offer internship programs?

Yes, we offer 10 week internships in the Summer, as well as a 3-6 month internship within our Technology business, part time throughout the school year. 



May I apply to more than one division?

Yes. You can apply for up to three divisions, however, you should do as much research as possible beforehand. It is important to understand which business area would best match your skills set and interests. We will expect you to be able to discuss your choice, and show both enthusiasm for, and knowledge of the various roles.



What should I expect during the interview process? 

If you apply and you are selected for first-round interviews, you will have one on-campus interview or first round in our New York office. During the final round interviews, you will have four 30-minute, one-on-one interviews with senior business representatives (a banker who is vice president or above).
Find out more here.



What is Nomura looking for in candidates?


Professional presence (including communication skills, attitude, assertiveness, self confidence and a high level of maturity). 
Commitment and drive (including bias to action, resourcefulness, work ethic, drive to excel and tenacity). 
Problem solving and analytical skills (including analytical approach, logic, commercial intuition and quantitative ability).
Planning and execution (including attention to detail, results orientation, creative approach and time management skills). 
Collaboration (including relationship-building, team orientation, diplomacy and respect).
Leadership (including persuasion skills, motivating others, integrity and empathy). Throughout the CV screening and interview process, you will be assessed on these core competencies.




I've been accepted for an interview. Do you have any tips?

We want you to do your very best at interview. So take a look at our section on interview tips. In this section, you can complete a mock interview and read our guide on interview etiquette.



Will Nomura sponsor work authorization? 

Yes, we will sponsor those students we offer, but the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services will ultimately make the final decision as to whether this will be granted.





There is no need to be nervous at interview - we want you to do well and to show us your potential and what you can do. Preparation is essential and well prepared candidates are more confident, provide more thorough and focused answers and are therefore more likely to be successful.
Use our step by step guide to ensure you take the time to prepare wisely; the key is to ensure your preparation is carefully planned and focused.

Step 1

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4

Step 5




Focus - Structure and Plan your Preparation
Preparing for, and being interviewed is similar to sitting an exam; you won’t have time to cover everything, instead you will need to identify the key points and focus on the relevant material.
Firstly, you should congratulate yourself in being selected for interview stage and have confidence in your ability. Then, ask yourself the following questions:

What will the interviewers want to know?
                                        
An interview is not an opportunity to divulge everything you know- instead you need to focus on what is relevant to the company and the position you’re applying for
To identify what is most relevant, you will need to fully understand the role, it’s requirements and the key skills and competencies required


How are you going to sell yourself?
                                        
What is your unique selling point? I.e. what sets you apart from the competition?
How do you want the interviewers to remember you after the interview – what key points do you want them to recall?


How will you be assessed?
                                        
You can’t start your preparation until you know what you are preparing for
Read the interview format thoroughly to identify how you will be assessed (i.e. Interviews, case study exercises, and tests). If you’re unsure – ask.


What are the core competencies required for the role?
                                        
Your interview performance and ultimately if you are successful or not, will be dependent on how you perform against core competencies
Identify what are the key competencies required for the role and for the company
What examples do you have to demonstrate each competency? Have you considered examples outside academia (i.e. sports, music, drama, volunteering, charity, mentoring, societies or other extracurricular activities) 
What achievements are you most proud of and why – which competency do they demonstrate?





Interview Questions
Interviewers will use a variety of questions to assess your ability against each competency. Ensure you are familiar with each type of question and how to structure your answers accordingly.
Types of interview questions may include:

Competency based questions
                                        
These require you to provide a real life example to explain how you behaved in a certain situation. Past behaviour is used as an indicator to assess potential future performance
Delivering a structured answer is crucial - research the STAR method to guide you
Top Tip: Ensure your examples are varied and recent (the more recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


Technical questions
                                        
Practice! There are many online resources or books available with practice questions
Questions may include basic accounting, valuation, brain teasers and mental arithmetic
Top tip: Brain teasers – the key is not the answer; it is the how you derive at the answer. The interviewer is assessing your ability to formulate a logical and methodical response


CV, cover letter and application questions
                                        
Ensure you have thoroughly re-read each document and identify any obvious questions
Top tip: Practice articulating your experience in a concise and structured manner out loud (it doesn’t always sound the same as when you practice in your head). 


Industry related questions
                                        
Interviewers will assess your interest, understanding and industry knowledge
Top tip: Form an opinion – digest the information you read and form your own judgment. Use facts and statistics to back up your conclusions





Research
There are a number of readily available resources to help you prepare. Make sure you fully utilise all resources available to you. These may include:

Online resources: Company website, press releases, annual reports, research publications, social media and online forums
School career services and recruitment events 
Networks – academic Staff, alumni, peers, family and friends – even if they do not have a financial services background, they can help you practice questions 



Your Questions
An interview is a two way process. It is an opportunity for you to assess if the company, role and culture is right for you. You will be given time to ask questions at the end of the interview, so you should ensure you use this time wisely. 

Plan questions to ask in advance - ensure they are relevant, well-thought-out and to the point
Show you’ve done your research and use the opportunity to demonstrate your interest



Plan the Interview Day
Preparing as much as possible in advance of your interview day will remove many of the inevitable nerves associated with the process.

Before the interview:
                                        
Dress professionally. Plan you outfit the day before and ensure you wear corporate attire
Be Punctual. Plan your route and account for delays in public transport
Aim to arrive 15 minutes before your interview start time. Contact us if problems arise and ensure you have noted the name and contact details of who to contact should this happen
Take a notebook, a pen (that works) and a calculator. Take a copy of your CV and application form
Remember: Be polite to everyone you meet, your interview begins as soon as you walk through the door of the building ore recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


During the Interview:
                                        
Ensure your cell phone is turned off
Greet your interviewer(s) with a firm handshake. Remember their name(s)
Maintain eye contact with your interviewer(s) and be aware of your body language – sit upright, don’t fidget and smile!
Listen carefully to questions you are asked. If you are unclear about anything, ask for clarification
Be honest. Back up your answers with real examples. If you exaggerate or lie it will show up in pre-employment checks
Relax - whether you are successful or not, the interview is a valuable learning experience. Make sure you get something out of it.
Close the interview – thank your interviewer for their time. If you’ve enjoyed the experience and you look forward to hearing about the next steps – tell us


After your Interview:
                                        
Be responsive. Following the interview, go back to your recruiter and continue to build a relationship
If you are offered a position it is unprofessional to renege (to accept and then later decline). This could be the first impression you create in the industry - you never know what the future holds









Q: Tell me about yourself

This is one of the most popular interview questions. It allows the interviewer to assess how you react in an unstructured situation and you answer provides an insight to what you think is most important.
Tip – focus on what will be of most interest to the interviewers. Ensure your answer is structured, brief and highlights your most important achievements.
Follow up questions may include:

Why did you choose your place of study? 
What courses have you most / least enjoyed and why?
Talk me through your internship experiences
What are you interests and hobbies (outside academic)? 
What are the most important things to you in a job?




Q: Why Banking?

We look for people who have a strong interest in investment banking. Interview Questions will determine how motivated you are and your rationale behind your decisions.

Why do you want to work in investment banking?
What do you think an Analyst does on a typical day?
Why are you interested in this division?
Where do you see yourself in five years? Ten years?
Explain the financial crisis 
If I gave you a million dollars today, how would you invest your money?
Which business publications do you read and why?




Q: Why Nomura?

We want to employ graduates who are passionate about joining Nomura and representing our brand

Why do you want to work for Nomura? 
What differentiates us from our competitors?
What is the share price of Nomura today?
What do you hope to get out of a job?
What other banks are you interviewing with?




Q: Skills

Your interviewer’s want to understand what sets you apart from the competition - sell yourself.

Why should we hire you? 
What skills have you got that make you suited to the role?
What are your strengths/development areas?
What is your greatest achievement and why?




Competency Questions

Show us proof that you are the kind of graduate we are looking for. Give concrete examples from any aspect of your life that show where you have personally made a difference.

Tell me about a time when you were creative
Tell me about a time when you had to manage conflicting priorities
Tell me about when you have missed an important deadline
What has been your biggest failure, professional or personal - and what did you learn?
Describe an occasion when you have had difficulties working in a team
What is the biggest risk you have ever taken?
How would you deal with a difficult client that puts you under pressure?
If a client told you that they wanted to improve their portfolio performance in the next 12 months, what would you suggest as potential strategies




Tips from our Graduates


Understand how the bank operates, the different roles available and the characteristics and tasks that each role entails
Don’t regurgitate generic questions and answers; it is quite obvious to those who work in the industry when someone has spent time reading and understanding concepts and news
Be yourself! It is important that the interviewer can see your personality in order to stand out from the rest
Keep up to date with relevant news - understand the current drivers in the industry
Do the obvious – read the latest annual report and CEO’s letter. Gain an insight into the firms values and strategy
We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills, plus a keen interest in markets and equities. 
We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up to quite senior positions quickly – ensure you demonstrate your ability to do this
Use your Careers services – they have direct contact with the recruiters and can offer invaluable advice you cannot find online
Be proactive - speak to graduates at fairs and presentations to get the ‘inside information’






Asset and Liability Management (ALM): the practice of managing risks that arise due to mismatches between assets and liabilities of the financial institution.
Bond: an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders. It is a debt security, under which the issuer owes the holders a debt and, depending on the terms of the bond, is obliged to pay them interest (the coupon) and/or to repay the principal at a later date, termed the maturity date
CAGR: “Compound Annual Growth Rate” – the year-over-year percentage growth rate of an investment over a specified period of time 
Capex: Acronym meaning Capital Expenditures, that are funds used by a company to acquire or upgrade physical assets such as property, industrial buildings or equipment. This type of outlay is made by companies to maintain or increase the scope of their operations
D&A: Acronym meaning Depreciation and Amortization, a category of expenditure by which a company gradually records the loss in value of a tangible (Depreciation) and Intangible (Amortization) asset
Deleveraging: Reduction of the leverage ratio, or the percentage of debt in the balance sheet of a single economic entity, such as a household or a firm.
Discount rate: The interest rate used in discounted cash flow analysis to determine the present value of future cash flows. The discount rate takes into account the time value of money (the idea that money available now is worth more than the same amount of money available in the future because it could be earning interest) and the risk or uncertainty of the anticipated future cash flows (which might be less than expected).
EBITDA: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization
EBIT: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest and Taxes
ETF: Exchange traded funds. An exchange traded fund is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, just like stocks. An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities or bonds, and trades close to its net asset value over the course of the trading day.
EV: “Enterprise Value” – Equal to Equity Value plus Net Debt (or minus Net Cash)
FCF: “Free Cash Flow” – Measure of cash generation used in fundamental valuation of a business. Equal to EBIT x (1 - tax rate) + depreciation and amortisation - changes in working capital - capex 
Forward interest rates: An interest rate that is specified now for a loan that will occur at a specified future date. As with current interest rates, forward interest rates include a term structure that shows the different forward rates offered to loans of different maturities.
Hedge: an investment made in order to reduce the risk of adverse price movements in a security, by taking an offsetting position in a related security, such as options or short sales.
LTM: Acronym meaning Last Twelve Months
IRR: Acronym meaning internal rate of return. The IRR corresponds to the rate of return on an investment. The IRR of a project is the discount rate that will give it a net present value of zero
Market Cap: Market capitalisation or market cap is a value of a corporation as determined by the market price of its common stock (shares). It is calculated by multiplying the number of outstanding shares by the current market price of the share
Market liquidity: an asset's ability to be sold without causing a significant movement in the price and with minimum loss of value.
Opex: Acronym meaning Operating Expenditures, a category of expenditure that a business incurs as a result of performing its normal business operations 
Payout ratio: The amount of earnings paid out in dividends to shareholders
Shareholder loan: an instrument used to distribute cash to shareholders while minimising a company’s tax liability. Not typically included within net debt 
Swap: highly liquid financial derivative instruments in which two parties agree to exchange interest rate cash flows, based on a specified notional amount from a fixed rate to a floating rate (or vice versa) or from one floating rate to another.
Swaption: An option granting its owner the right but not the obligation to enter into an underlying interest rate swap. A payer swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap where they pay the fixed leg and receive the floating leg. A receiver swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap in which they will receive the fixed leg, and pay the floating leg.
Ultimate forward rate (UFR): the theoretical forward interest rate to which forward rates converge. 
Yield to maturity: Discount rate at which the sum of all future cash flows from the bond (coupons and principal) is equal to the price of the bond.


Apply Here
Apply Here





Google Plus


Linkedin


YouTUBE


Twitter





























Nomura AMERICAS : About NAM Americas  GlobalJapanEuropeAMERICASSizeLargeSmall

 


HomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesFundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information

You are here : AMERICAS Home


About NAM Americas


 




About Nomura Asset



The Nomura Asset Management Group is a leading global investment manager which manages over US$319 billion of assets.  Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura has additional investment offices throughout the world including London, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, Frankfurt and New York. With a global workforce of over 1,200 employees it has been operating in Europe for the past 30 years.
Today Nomura Asset Management provides its clients with a wide range of innovative investment strategies including global, regional and single country equities, high yield bonds, alternative investments and global fixed income strategies.

A better focus
Nomura Asset Management is a global investment manager with a single objective worldwide: to deliver consistent outperformance whilst providing exceptional standards of client service. To this end we manage our portfolios actively, using a value-orientated investment philosophy, underpinned by dedicating significant resources to fundamental research.
What makes us different from other investment managers is not what we do, but how we do it. Like everyone else, we can see the big picture - but what we don't do is rely upon it.
We look beyond the consensus view, carrying out our own extensive research and refusing to accept things at face value.
The way we see it, the difference between success and failure is often the ability to spot something that others might overlook, identifying and capturing small opportunities. By keeping a close, constant watch on all the markets in which we operate - backed by stringent analysis and research - we can exploit these opportunities to the full, at the same time ensuring we do even the simplest things well and with consistency.
Credentials and credibility
Secure and stable foundationsThe Nomura group of companies was founded in 1873. By the early 1920s it had grown to be the dominant force in Japanese financial services. Building on this success, the group entered the global arena in the 1950s.
Focused on investment managementThe group's investment management activities are represented by Nomura Asset Management - Japan's largest independent investment manager and one of the industry's leading global players. Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura Asset Management has dedicated investment management operations in London, Frankfurt, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Malaysia and New York. Assets under management total $309 billion and the organisation employs 1,266 people around the globe, including 370 investment professionals.
Extensive international client baseNomura Asset Management counts among its clients many of the leading public and corporate pension funds, central banks, endowments, foundations, financial institutions, mutual funds, and individual investors from Europe to the Americas and the Middle East to the Pacific Basin.
Key Facts
$319 billion total AUMManaged across a wide range of strategies for a diversified client base
261 portfolio managersLocated strategically around the world
61 research professionalsOn the ground, in regular contact with the companies we invest in
7,167 company contactsThe number of research meetings we conduct in 2014
30 yearsOur long-term proprietary database holds over 30 years of analytical data
Source: NAM U.K., as at 30th June 2015

For more information please contact us

vpath=about/index&siteName=nam-usaPage Top

Print Outsub menu start from hereHomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesInternational (EAFE) Equity StrategyAsia Ex-Japan Equity StrategyJapan Equity StrategyJapan Small Cap. Equity StrategyGlobal Fixed Income StrategyPacific Basin Equity StrategyPacific Basin Ex-Japan Equity Strategy FundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information related areafooter menu start from hereSitemapFAQsFeedback DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyCookiesAccessibility PolicyCOPYRIGHT © 2007 - 2017 NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Corporate AccessNomura Corporate AccessGlobal EventsPrint pageGlobal EventsBelow is a list of forthcoming Global Equity Events in 2016. Dates are subject to changes, please continue to visit this website for more information and updates. Alternatively, please check with your Nomura representative or email GlobalEquityEvents@nomura.comNomAD Tour: Nomura Adventure & Discovery TourBelow is a list of forthcoming Global Equity NomAD tours in 2016. Dates are subject to changes, please continue to visit this website for more information and updates. Alternatively, please check with your Nomura representative or email Nomadsanditrips-aej@nomura.com (for AEJ NomAD tour queries) or Nomadsanditrips-emea@nomura.com (for EMEA NomAD tour queries)
Nomura Global Equity Events - ArchiveBelow is a list of past Global Equity events. If you have any queries please check with your Nomura representative or email globalequityevents@nomura.comSearch: DateEventLocationInvestment UniverseIndustry201309055 - 7 Sep 2013China Rural TourIn this 1 1/2 day rural tour jointly hosted by Nomura China equity research team and researchers from one of China's best rural economic and policy research institutes, we will visit local village authority leaders, local collectives, farmers, local manufacturing businesses, and a local industrial park plus a local horticulture forward market.
The goal is to gain as much first hand insights as possible from unique access, to help us form a holistic view regarding how some rural Chinese communities have been adapting socially and economically.
Furthermore, what lessons and insights have been learned through this process that can be applied in the upcoming urbanization and townization development here in this region, or potentially elsewhere.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=。_1375069353155&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=。_1375069353155&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessChangzhouAPACAgriculture2012042727 Apr 2012Xiamen Property TourAs we mentioned in our latest anchor report, investors are looking for property easing, but unfortunately we do not have a crystal ball. Rather than guessing the timetable of policy easing, we would rather closely monitor the physical property market. In coming April, we will be visiting several property residential / commercial projects in Xiamen, one of the major cities in the southeast China with population of about 3.5mn. We will be meeting with the leading developers in the city for better understanding of the housing market there. Come and join us and you will definitely enjoy the trip!category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=xiamen-property-tour_1327910853061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=xiamen-property-tour_1327910853061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessXiamenAPACProperty2012091919 Sep 2012Will there be a collapse in the Chinese banking sector?Dr. Frederic Lau, Managing Director, Promontory Financial Groupcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=will-there-be-a-collapse-in-the-chinese-banking-sector_1346922349138&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=will-there-be-a-collapse-in-the-chinese-banking-sector_1346922349138&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACFinancial2012071212 Jul 2012Why Social Media is Key to individual Success and to Your Company’s FutureMr. Zaheer Nooruddin, Regional Lead Digital Strategist, Social Media Head, Burson-Marsteller Asia Pacificcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=why-social-media-is-key-to-individual-success-and-to-your-company’s-future_1337310839843&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=why-social-media-is-key-to-individual-success-and-to-your-company’s-future_1337310839843&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACSocial Media201412033 - 4 Dec 2014West Coast European Consumer ConferenceThe two day event will consist of 1x1 small group meetings with leading European companies across the consumer sectors.
Confirmed Companies to date include: Altria Group Inc., Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, British American Tobacco, Britvic, Campari, Danone, Diageo, Empresas CMPC, GTECH, Halfords Group, Pernod Ricard, Reynolds American Inc., Stock Spirits Group, William Hill category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=west-coast-european-consumer-conference_1409829760764&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=west-coast-european-consumer-conference_1409829760764&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoGLOBALConsumer201212055 - 6 Dec 2012Nomura European Industry Forum: West Coast Consumer ConferenceThis year's event will again feature leading European companies across the consumer & retail sector including food, beverage, tobacco, retail, luxury, and leisure. We will host several European companies within a format of 1x1 and small group meetings with the opportunity to fully engage with the representatives of each company. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=west-coast-consumer-conference_1323257929802&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=west-coast-consumer-conference_1323257929802&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoEMEAConsumer201512022 - 3 Dec 2015Nomura West Coast European Consumer Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-west-coast-consumer-conference_1421916776918&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-west-coast-consumer-conference_1421916776918&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoUSMulti-Industry201506099 Jun 2015US Retail ConferenceWe are thrilled to be hosting several management teams across our retail coverage. Company participation will include formal presentations, fireside chats, and/or 1-on-1 or small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-retail-conference_1427373846427&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-retail-conference_1427373846427&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSRetail2015081313 Aug 20152015 Media & Telecom ConferenceA one day conference of fireside chats, panel discussions, and investor meetings with management teams from leading Media & Telecom companies. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-media-conference_1427374133767&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=us-media-conference_1427374133767&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMedia2013052424 May 2013UK Industrials CEO ConferenceThe theme of the conference is “UK industrials and the future of European recovery” and we have eight industrial management teams confirmed for the event. We believe that May 2013 will be an interesting time to meet the management teams given the current weak conditions in Europe against improving indicators suggesting improved demand in 2H13. The companies taking part in the event cover a broad spectrum of industrial activities and are global leaders in their respective fields. The current confirmed participants include: GKN, Invensys, Spectris, Morgan Crucible, Vesuvius, Oxford Instruments, Dialight.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=uk-industrials-ceo-conference_1363956326320&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=uk-industrials-ceo-conference_1363956326320&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEACapital Goods2015101212 Oct 2015Transportation/Logistics Services Corporate Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=transportation-logistics-services-corporate-day_1439560737645&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=transportation-logistics-services-corporate-day_1439560737645&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALTransport2012101717 Oct 2012The World in Balance Sheet Recession: What Post - 2008 West can learn from Japan 1990 - 2005Mr Richard Koo, Chief Economist, Nomura Research Institutecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-world-in-balance-sheet-recession:-what-post---2008-west-can-learn-from-japan-1990---2005_1350294387738&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-world-in-balance-sheet-recession:-what-post---2008-west-can-learn-from-japan-1990---2005_1350294387738&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACJapan2013042525 Apr 2013The Restaurant Group Field TripThe Nomura European Leisure team are hosting a Field Trip to Stevenage to see at first-hand three of The Restaurant Group’s leading brands: Frankie & Benny’s, Chiquito and Coast 2 Coastcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-restaurant-group-field-trip_1363190751277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-restaurant-group-field-trip_1363190751277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessStevenageEMEALeisure201208088 Aug 2012Trends of electrified vehicles (xEV) and implications for battery businessMr. Tomohide Kazama, Nomura Research Institute, Ltd.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-future-of-battery-(tentative)_1342664624341&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-future-of-battery-(tentative)_1342664624341&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACEnergy and Battery201208077 Aug 2012The current J-REIT market environment and trends in deliberations toward revisions of J-REIT lawsMr. Yasuyuki Konuma, Executive Officer, New Listings, Tokyo Stock Exchangecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-current-j-reit-market-environment-and-trends-in-deliberations-toward-revisions-of-j-reit-laws_1342664458076&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=the-current-j-reit-market-environment-and-trends-in-deliberations-toward-revisions-of-j-reit-laws_1342664458076&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACJapan201507011 Jul 2015Thailand Corporate DayThis event will showcase Thai companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1423204051798&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1423204051798&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-Industry2015062929 Jun 2015Thailand Corporate DayThis event will showcase Thai companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1423204008463&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1423204008463&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-industry201407077 Jul 2014Thailand Corporate DayThis event will showcase Thai corporates to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investorscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1393408121167&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1393408121167&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201307044 - 5 Jul 2013Thailand Corporate Day*Dates may be subject to changecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1361441856268&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thailand-corporate-day_1361441856268&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-Industry2014071010 - 11 Jul 2014Thailand Corporate DayThis event will showcase Thai corporates to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investorscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thai-corporate-day_1393408198293&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=thai-corporate-day_1393408198293&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-Industry2012102929 Oct 2012China Telecom & Tech Corporate DayAccess the latest trends and developments in the China’s telecommunications and technology by meeting the senior managements and experts form the industry.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=telecom---tech-corporate-day_1342171390523&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=telecom---tech-corporate-day_1342171390523&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTelecom & Technology201510066 - 7 Oct 2015Taiwan Technology Corporate Day 2015 As the manufacturing hub for IT products, Taiwan plays a crucial role in global tech supply chain, and companies we invited hold leading positions in their respective field in technology sub sectors and end application products including PCs, smartphones, tablets and servers. While end demand for tech products has been affected by different macro issues year to date, our line-up provides comprehensive top down view on what to expect for the remainder of the year and more importantly 2016F. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-technology-corporate-day-2015_1437127505244&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-technology-corporate-day-2015_1437127505244&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTechnology2014031717 - 17 Mar 2014Taiwan Solar TourSolar Energy looks to be set for a strong growth with cost of
solar energy production now at grid parity at multiple locations
globally. With strong demand in 2014 and beyond supported
by subsidies at China, Japan and US; we explore the demandsupply
dynamics in the value chain via Taiwan cell and wafer
makers.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-solar-tour_1394781711676&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-solar-tour_1394781711676&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipeiAPACSolar2015082626 Aug 2015Taiwan Corporate Day 2015This event will showcase Taiwanese companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1423204365773&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1423204365773&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipeiAPACMulti-Industry2014111818 Nov 2014Taiwan Corporate DayThis event will showcase Taiwan corporate to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1402646296197&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1402646296197&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipeiAPACMulti-industry2013121010 Dec 2013Taiwan Corporate Day (Semiconductor)This corporate day offers clients the opportunity to meet with the senior management from top listed Semiconductor Taiwan companies in small group or video conference format.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1380092922987&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1380092922987&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipei, Singapore and Hong KongAPACSemiconductor2013111313 Nov 2013Taiwan Corporate Day (Financials & Property)This corporate day offers clients the opportunity to meet with the senior management from top listed Financials & Property Taiwan companies in small group or video conference format.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1380092545549&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1380092545549&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipei, Singapore and Hong KongAPACFinancial Services201310099 Oct 2013Taiwan Corporate DayThis corporate day offers clients the opportunity to meet with the senior management from top listed 4G/LTE Taiwan companies in small group or video conference format.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1379493458119&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1379493458119&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaiwan, Singapore, Hong KongAPACTechnology2012112121 Nov 2012Taiwan Corporate DayThis event have invited two corporate managements who will share investment insights on China smartphone driver IC outlook.

Video Conference will be conducted in Hong Kong and Singapore Nomura offices.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1352174850816&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day_1352174850816&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipei/ Hong Kong/ SingaporeAPACTechnology201610055 - 6 Oct 2016Taiwan Corporate Day 2016As the manufacturing hub for IT products, sportswear, and bicycles, Taiwan plays a crucial role in global supply chain, and companies we invited hold leading positions in their respective field in their sub sectors and end application products including consumer electronics devices/components, as well as consumer/industrial products. While overall end demand has been affected by different macro issues year to date, our line-up provides comprehensive top down view on what to expect for the remainder of the year and more importantly 2017F
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day-2016_1467771986808&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=taiwan-corporate-day-2016_1467771986808&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong Kong APACMulti industry 2011111111 Nov 2011Swiss Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=swiss-conference_1317205689734&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=swiss-conference_1317205689734&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoEMEAMulti-industry201210088 Oct 2012Status of Global and Regional Food Security and Future OutlookMr Hiroyuki Konuma, Assistant Director-General and Regional Representative, FAO Regional Office for Asia Pacificcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=status-of-global-and-regional-food-security-and-future-outlook_1348043162635&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=status-of-global-and-regional-food-security-and-future-outlook_1348043162635&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACAgri & Food201210055 Oct 2012ST Aerospace TourNomura is pleased to host a visit to ST Aerospace. The trip will focus on ST Engineering’s aerospace facilities in Singapore, where investors will get a rare opportunity to meet with operational management and tour both the commercial and military hangar and workshop facilities for both airframes and engines & components.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=st-aerospace-tour_1347002411425&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=st-aerospace-tour_1347002411425&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACTransport & Marine2011092828 - 30 Sep 2011Solar Energy TourIn the wake of heightened nuclear concerns post the Tohoku
earthquake earlier this year solar targets have seen upward
revisions. China revised its solar energy installations target to
50GW (earlier: 20GW) as it targets 15% of primary energy
consumption in 2020. Additionally, we see long-term policies in
Germany, Japan and Italy as they reduce their exposure to
nuclear energy. We see solar energy poised for long-term
growth with new markets emerging as price declines enable the
sector to wean away from subsidies; thus, enabling sustainable growth ahead. While clouds over pricing and margins remain, one thing is clear solar companies in China have emerged as the leading contenders to remain the biggest beneficiaries of this demand growth. 

This Greater China tour enables investors to gain in-depth insights and have direct dialogues with management of leading players on solar energy to understand steps being taken to improve profitability and target new markets for continued expansion of total addressable market.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=solar-energy-tour_1317289901085&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=solar-energy-tour_1317289901085&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai, Wuxi, Changzhou, XuzhouAPACPower, Utilities & Renewable Energy2013061313 - 13 Jun 2013Singapore Shipyard TourWill Keppel Corp be able to sustain new order momentum after record SGD 10bn in new orders in 2013? Join us on a tour of Keppel’s shipyards to find out.
Keppe’s FELS shipyard is the leading yard for jack-ups and semi-subs and is scheduled to deliver 20+ jack-ups in 2013. For close to a decade, Keppel has maintained its position as the No. 1 yard for jack-ups used in offshore drilling through it’s proprietary designs and best in class execution. Keppel also enjoys significant market share in FPSO conversion and offshore platforms.
Keppel has benefitted and continues to benefit from firm oil prices and continuing offshore reserve development momentum. Our yard tour will take you to Keppel’s FELS, the leading shipyard in Singapore to see these mega offshore structures including jack-up rigs, semi-submersibles and FPSOs being built. Management presentations on the corporate and execution strategy, R&D processes and client building and retention will also give you an insight into how Keppel has kept and will continue to maintain their leading edge in their chosen market niche.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=singapore-shipyard-tour_1365585608590&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=singapore-shipyard-tour_1365585608590&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACShipyard201206044 Jun 2012Singapore Shipyard Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=singapore-shipyard-tour_1337312009334&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=singapore-shipyard-tour_1337312009334&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACTransport and Marine2016062727 - 28 Jun 2016Shinka Summer Japanese Corporate DayA one-day conference with leading Japanese companies, in a series of 1:1 and small group meetingscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-summer_1456313964631&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-summer_1456313964631&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-industry2015062929 - 30 Jun 2015Shinka Summer Japanese Corporate DayWe are pleased to announce that the ‘Shinka Summer – Japanese Corporate Day’ will take place on Monday 29 and Tuesday 30 June 2015. The itinerary will include a series of 1:1 and small group meetings by senior management of leading Japanese companies (subject to availability).






Confirmed companies include:

Anritsu Corporation, Daifuku Co Ltd., Daiwa House Industry Co Ltd., Kakaku.com, Inc., Hitachi Zosen Corp, Nifco Inc., NTT Urban Development Corporation, Suruga Bank Ltd., Toho Holdings, T&D Holdings, Inc. and Sony Financial Holdingscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-summer-japanese-corporate-day_1421842236045&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-summer-japanese-corporate-day_1421842236045&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti-Industry2012052929 - 30 May 2012Shinka Spring 2012 - Japanese Corporate DayThe itinerary for Shinka Spring 2012 will include small group meetings by senior management of leading Japanese companies. Participating companies include: Asahi Kasei Corporation, Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., Hulic Co., Ltd., Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, Ltd., Mori Seiki Co. Ltd., Nomura Holdings, Inc., SCSK Corporation, Suruga Bank, Trend Micro Inc. and Yamatake Corporation (Azbil Corporation from 1 April)category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-spring-2012---japanese-corporate-day_1333526238758&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-spring-2012---japanese-corporate-day_1333526238758&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-industry2016111414 - 15 Nov 2016Shinka Autumn Japanese Corporate DayA one-day conference with leading Japanese companies, in a series of 1:1 and small group meetingscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn_1456314033719&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn_1456314033719&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-industry2011111515 - 16 Nov 2011Shinka Forum Autumn 2011 - Japan DayShinka Forum is Nomura's flagship UK and US forums across one week for companies to meet with Pan European and US based investors.  Senior Portfolio Managers attend forum to meet with companies.  Estimate 15 Asian leading companies to join the London and New York forums.  In the past, this forum have attracted 70-100 US, UK and European based investors.

The forum focuses on one-on-one meetings that allow for interaction and dialogue between company and investors.  Investors vary from new shareholders to specialist, various level of knowledge, various investment style and interest area. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn_1317206137778&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn_1317206137778&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonJAPANConsumer2015111616 - 17 Nov 2015Shinka Autumn Japanese Corporate Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn-japanese-corporate-day_1421842550467&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn-japanese-corporate-day_1421842550467&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti-Industry2014111717 Nov 2014Shinka Autumn - Japanese Corporate DayThis year’s Shinka Autumn – Japanese Corporate Day; will include a series of 1:1 and small group meetings by senior management of leading Japanese companies. Participating Companies include: DMG Mori Seiki Co., Ltd, FujiFilm Holdings Corporation, Hitachi High-Technologies Corporation, Hitachi, Ltd, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd, Omron Corporation, SBI Holdings, Inc, Yaskawa Electric Corporation.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn---japanese-corporate-day_1412606364196&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=shinka-autumn---japanese-corporate-day_1412606364196&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti - Industry2012091111 - 12 Sep 2012Russian Beverages / Retail TourConfirmed Presenting Companies include: X5 Retail Group, Dieageo Russia and Anadolu Efescategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=russian-beverages---retail-tour_1346251675109&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=russian-beverages---retail-tour_1346251675109&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMoscowGLOBALBeverages2012071717 Jul 2012Retail Corporate DayIn view of the short term volatility of retail performance in China, Nomura is pleased to host a Retail Corporate Day on 17 July in Hong Kong to provide investors first-hand information from retail operators from different sub-industries.  During the one-day event, investors can conduct direct dialogues with management of the retail companies to obtain the latest consumption trend in China and Hong Kong as well as the up-to-date business development of each of the companies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-corporate-day_1339748781148&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-corporate-day_1339748781148&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACRetail2011112121 Nov 2011Retail Corporate DayIn view of the growing interest from investors to the retail space, Nomura is pleased to host a Retail Corporate Day in mid-November in Hong Kong. During the two-day event, investors can conduct direct dialogues with management of the retail companies to obtain the latest consumption trend in China & Hong Kong as well as the up-to-date business development of each of the companies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-corporate-day_1317206537260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-corporate-day_1317206537260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACConsumer2012071212 - 13 Jul 2012Nomura Retail & Luxury ConferenceBrought to you by the Nomura European Retail & Luxury Goods team, this 2012 summer conference combines a mixture of 1-on-1 and small group meetings with leading 
Retail and Luxury Goods companies across the UK, Europe and Asia. This year, participants include: Burberry, Prada and industry expert Claudia D’Arpizio in Luxury Goods, and Asos, Dixons, Kesa, Kingfisher and Marks & Spencer in Retail.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-and-luxury-conference_1323257794781&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=retail-and-luxury-conference_1323257794781&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEARetail, Luxury Goods2012062828 Jun 2012Qianhai in Shenzhen: What is it and what does it mean?Dr. Zhu Wen-hui, Senior Research Officer, Bauhinia Foundation Research Centre & Anchor and Commentator, Phoenix TV
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=qianhai-in-shenzhen:-what-is-it-and-what-does-it-mean_1340786355578&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=qianhai-in-shenzhen:-what-is-it-and-what-does-it-mean_1340786355578&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACChina201208099 Aug 2012Prospect of Legalizing Casino in JapanMr. Takashi Kiso, CEO, International Casino Institute, Ltd. and Guest Researcher, Entertainment Business Institute, Ltd.
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=prospect-of-legalizing-casino-in-japan-(tentative)_1342664731920&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=prospect-of-legalizing-casino-in-japan-(tentative)_1342664731920&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACGaming201401099 Jan 2014Property Corporate DayThis event will showcase China property corporate to the Asian Investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=property-corporate-day_1387529322629&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=property-corporate-day_1387529322629&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACProperty2013052929 - 31 May 2013Pan-Asia Technology ForumThis annual forum is proud to feature over 30 leading technology companies from across Asia, including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China and India. They will discuss their business outlook, while industry leaders and analysts will share their insights on the latest innovations and trend predictions. Come and meet the pioneers and key players of the technology sector. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum_1344394589641&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum_1344394589641&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTechnology2012053030 May - 1 Jun 2012Pan-Asia Technology Forum 2012This annual event is a leading technology conference in Asia with a good representation of companies from China, India, Japan, 
Korea and Taiwan. This year we will bring together over 30 industry leading companies to share with you their latest business development, hottest innovation and trend prediction with insightful analysis through workshops, small group and one-on-one meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum_1317288040619&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum_1317288040619&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTechnology2014052121 - 23 May 2014Pan-Asia Technology Forum 2014Featuring over 30-40 leading technology companies from across Asia, including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China and Indiacategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum-2014_1384229147166&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum-2014_1384229147166&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTechnology2013052121 - 23 May 2013Pan-Asia Technology Forum 2014*Date subject to changecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum-2014_1383288637430&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=pan-asia-technology-forum-2014_1383288637430&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201411033 - 4 Nov 2014Oil & Gas Corporate DayThis event will showcase Oil & Gas corporates to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings of small group meetings with long-term investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=oil---gas-corporate-day_1411463438383&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=oil---gas-corporate-day_1411463438383&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACOil & Gas2014082222 Aug 2014Offshore & Marine Corporate DayThe event will showcase few mid-cap Singapore oil service companies to investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=offshore---marine-corporate-day_1407406561747&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=offshore---marine-corporate-day_1407406561747&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMarine 2012071010 - 13 Jul 2012Northeast Industrials TourNomura is delighted to host the upcoming China Northeast Industrials Tour during July 10-13, 2012. The industrial sector has been at the forefront of China’s transformation into global manufacturing powerhouse, and one of the key catalysts of China’s economic and GDP growth. This tour offers investors rare insight into several of China’s top industrial companies, including metals and mining, heavy machinery, power, and autos. With 2 days in Shenyang, 1/2 day in Changchun, and 1 day in Harbin, we will visit key manufacturing bases across Northeast China, while allowing investors ample time to tour facilities and exchange ideas with company representatives.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=northeast-industrials-tour_1339991437944&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=northeast-industrials-tour_1339991437944&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShenyang, Changchun, HarbinAPACIndustrials201308066 - 7 Aug 2013North America Investor Day 2013Nomura’s North America Investor Day aims to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of your investor outreach program in Japan. The Day consists of one-on-one and group meetings with investors. Last year, we had participation from approximately 90 investors representing nearly 50 investing firms.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=north-america-investor-day-2013:-tokyo_1360084866437&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=north-america-investor-day-2013:-tokyo_1360084866437&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoJAPANMulti-Industry2016081616 Aug 2016Nomura’s Media, Telecom & Internet ConferenceA one-day conference of fireside chats, panel discussions and investor meetings with management teams.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-media,-telecom---internet-conference_1452698488156&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-media,-telecom---internet-conference_1452698488156&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMedia2014051313 May 2014Nomura’s Inaugural Global Gaming, Lodging & Leisure ConferenceWe are excited to host several management teams from our Gaming & Lodging, Leisure universe.  Confirmed companies include: Carnival Cruise Lines, Extended Stay, Gaming and Leisure  Properties, Hilton Worldwide Holding, Host Hotels and Resorts Inc., Marriott International Inc., MGM Resorts International, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd, Penn National Gaming, Inc., Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc., Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc, Wyndham Worldwide, Industry Experts: Smith Travel Research, Inc. and International Casino Institute (Japan Gaming)category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-inaugural-global-gaming,-lodging---leisure-conference_1399386292260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-inaugural-global-gaming,-lodging---leisure-conference_1399386292260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSLeisure2014061818 Jun 2014Nomura’s 3rd Annual US Industrials Metals & MiningConfirmed Companies include: Alcoa, Arch Coal, Cliffs Natural Resources, Freeport McMoRan, Steel Dynamics, Teck Resources, Crane, Dover Corporation, General Electric, Honeywell International, Pentair, SPX Corporation, Textron, Tyco International.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-3rd-annual-us-industrials-metals---mining_1399386551483&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-3rd-annual-us-industrials-metals---mining_1399386551483&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMetals & Mining201305022 May 2013Nomura’s 3rd Annual U.S. Financials IR 1-on-1 Corporate DayHosted by Glenn Schorr, Bill Carcache & Keith Murray. Participating Companies include: Bank of America Corp., Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Citigroup Inc., CIT Group Inc., Discover Financial Services, Trade Financial Corporation, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, Nomura Holding America and UBS category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-3rd-annual-u.s.-financials-ir-1-on-1-corporate-day_1364889582298&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura’s-3rd-annual-u.s.-financials-ir-1-on-1-corporate-day_1364889582298&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSFinancials2014042828 Apr 2014Nomura's 3rd Annual Consumer Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomuras-3rd-annual-consumer-conference_1393940916594&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomuras-3rd-annual-consumer-conference_1393940916594&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSConsumer2013032020 - 21 Mar 2013Nomura's 2nd Annual U.S. Retail Corporate DayParticipating companies include: AutoZone, Dollar Tree, Staples, The Sherwin-Williams Company and Ulta Saloncategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomuras-2nd-annual-u.s.-retail-corporate-day_1360065988845&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomuras-2nd-annual-u.s.-retail-corporate-day_1360065988845&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALRetail2012052121 - 24 May 2012Nomura Utilities European Road TripConfirmed Presentations from E.ON (Düsseldorf), RWE (Essen), Enagás, Iberdrola, Endesa, Acciona, Red Eléctrica (Madrid), National Grid, EDF Energy, Scottish & Southern Energy, Drax (London), EDF, GDF Suez, Veolia (Paris)category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-utilities-european-road-trip_1324047062882&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-utilities-european-road-trip_1324047062882&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessDüsseldorf, Essen, Madrid, London, ParisEMEAUtilities2015051818 May 2015Nomura Upstream Projects SeminarConfirmed companies include Amec, BG, BP, Galp Energia, Ophir Energy, Premier Oil, Repsol, Statoil, Technip and Total.
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar_1427296893204&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar_1427296893204&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAOil & Gas2014051919 May 2014Nomura Upstream Projects SeminarThe Nomura Oil & Gas Team are pleased to invite you to our second Upstream Projects Seminar. Companies confirmed include AMEC, BG, BP, Galp, Lundin, Petrobras, Premier Oil, Repsol, Statoil and Total.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar_1396860444424&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar_1396860444424&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALOil & Gas2013032525 Mar 2013Nomura Upstream Projects Seminar: Can Big Oil Deliver?The Nomura Oil team is hosting an ‘Upstream Projects’ seminar featuring a number of European majors and industry consultants. The event will be a series of presentations, 1:1s and small group meetings. We hope you can join us for what we believe will be an interesting and valuable event.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar:-can-big-oil-deliver_1362140366474&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-projects-seminar:-can-big-oil-deliver_1362140366474&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAOil & Gas2012091111 - 12 Sep 2012Nomura Upstream ConferenceThe Nomura Oil and Gas team is hosting a two day Upstream conference featuring a diverse list of Exploration and Production companies.  From emerging plays to established industry hot spots, we hope there will be a company that covers the exploration area you are interested in.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-conference_1341385580388&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-upstream-conference_1341385580388&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAOil & Gas2011113030 Nov 2011Nomura U.S. Sports Media SummitThis Wednesday afternoon starting at 1:30 p.m., we will be holding the inaugural Nomura U.S. Sports Media Summit that will take a 360 degree view of the increasing importance that sports has across the entire media ecosystem. 

 

Helping us assess that impact will be ESPN’s John Wildhack, Executive Vice President of Programming Acquisitions & Strategy, Verizon’s Terry Denson, Vice President of Global Strategy focused on content strategies and acquisitions, Optimum Sports’ Tom McGovern – the leading sports buyer on Madison Avenue, and Nielsen’s Stephen Master (Head of Nielsen’s sports practice to share consumer insights).

 

We will also have a panel discussion with Neal Pilson  and Doug Perlman on the future of sports rights. Neal is the President of Pilson Communications, Inc., and the former President of CBS Sports.  As President of CBS Sports, Neal signed ground breaking deals with the NCAA, IOC and MLB.  Doug Perlman is CEO of Sports Media Advisors and a veteran sports media executive who had senior leadership positions at companies such as the National Hockey League and IMG.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-sports-media-summit_1322560416032&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-sports-media-summit_1322560416032&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSSports Media201205099 May 2012Nomura Inaugural U.S. Industrials SummitThe Nomura Industrial team will be hosting their inaugural Industrials Summit on May 9th in New York City. Senior management of leading companies in the industry will be accessible through fireside chats, 1-on-1 meetings and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-industrials-summit_1333373467934&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-industrials-summit_1333373467934&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSIndustrials201305066 May 2013Nomura U.S. Industrials and Metals & Mining 1-on-1 Corporate DayThe Corporate Day is designed to connect leading companies in the Industrials and Metals & Mining sectors with the investment community. Participating companies include: Crane Co, Dover Corp, General Electric, Honeywell International, Pentair, Rockwell Automation, SPX Corporation, Teck Resources, Tyco International & Walter Energycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-industrials-and-metals---mining-1-on-1-corporate-day_1364315993179&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-u.s.-industrials-and-metals---mining-1-on-1-corporate-day_1364315993179&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSIndustrials201209044 Sep 2012Nomura Swiss Banks Field TripConfirmed Presenting Companies include: UBS, Julius Baer and Credit Suissecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-swiss-banks-field-trip_1346227691244&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-swiss-banks-field-trip_1346227691244&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessZürichGLOBALFinancials2014111010 - 11 Nov 2014Asian Shinka ForumThis signature event will feature 10–15 leading Asian companies across various sectors, and provides an ideal platform for 
European-based investors to engage with Asian companies through a series of one-on-one meetings and small groups meetings.
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-forum_1405320851417&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-forum_1405320851417&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACMulti-industry2012111212 - 13 Nov 2012Nomura Shinka AutumnGet a sense of North-Asia business outlook by meeting around 11 leading companies from this region.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn_1334118527014&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn_1334118527014&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkAPACMulti-industry2012111515 - 16 Nov 2012Nomura Shinka Autumn - Asian Corporate DayGet a sense of North-Asia business outlook by meeting around 15 leading companies from this region.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn_1334118388105&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn_1334118388105&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACMulti-industry201111077 - 8 Nov 2011Shinka Forum Autumn 2011 - LondonShinka Forum is Nomura's flagship UK and US forums across one week for companies to meet with Pan European and US based investors.  Senior Portfolio Managers attend forum to meet with companies.  Estimate 15 Asian leading companies to join the London and New York forums.  In the past, this forum have attracted 70-100 US, UK and European based investors.

The forum focuses on one-on-one meetings that allow for interaction and dialogue between company and investors.  Investors vary from new shareholders to specialist, various level of knowledge, various investment style and interest area. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn---london_1317203896824&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-shinka-autumn---london_1317203896824&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACConsumer2013091616 - 18 Sep 2013Nomura Scandinavia Telecoms Field TripNomura Telecom Team is delighted to invite you to our annual Scandinavian Telecoms Field Trip to be held Sept 16th-18th 2013. The tour will provide an opportunity to meet with all the key players in the region – incumbents, challengers and regulators – and compare their perspectives on the competitive environment in the three markets. We will once again be basing our trip around the Telenor Capital Markets Day in Oslo (on Sept 17th), and will be meeting the CEO of Tele2’s Norwegian operation prior to that event, which we expect to be particularly interesting. We have now confirmed the participation of the majority of companies and regulators that we plan to see.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-telecoms-field-trip_1373961392222&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-telecoms-field-trip_1373961392222&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessCopenhagen, Oslo, StockholmEMEATelecoms2012091717 - 19 Sep 2012Nomura Scandinavia Telecoms Field TripConfirmed Presenting Companies include: WAOO!, TDC, 3 Denmark, 3 Sweden, Teliasonera, Tele2 category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-telecoms-field-trip_1342518647061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-telecoms-field-trip_1342518647061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessCopenhagen, Stockholm, OsloGLOBALTelecoms2012031414 2012 - 15 Mar 2013Nomura Scandinavia Banks Field TripDetails to be confirmedcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-banks-field-trip_1360344026779&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-banks-field-trip_1360344026779&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessOslo, StockholmGLOBALBanks2012081616 - 17 Aug 2012Nomura Scandinavia Banks Field TripConfirmed Presenting Companies include: SEB, Swedbank, Nordea, SHB and DNBcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-banks-field-trip_1342520077599&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-scandinavia-banks-field-trip_1342520077599&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessStockholm, OsloGLOBALBanks2013071111 Jul 2013Nomura Retail & Luxury ConferenceOur 2013 conference gives investors an opportunity to meet with the leading companies across the retail & luxury industry. There will be no plenary presentations from the attending companies, just a series of small group meetings with attending investors, to allow attendees to get straight to Q&A and focus on the issues of greatest importance to them. Companies confirmed to date include: ASOS, Burberry, Inchcape, Marks & Spencer, Morrisons, Next, Sainsburys, Tesco category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-retail---luxury-conference_1366791701090&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-retail---luxury-conference_1366791701090&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEARetail201506044 Jun 2015Nomura Responsible Investing ConferenceThe Nomura European Responsible Investing Conference will focus purely on ESG issues. It will be a one day conference, featuring European companies from a range of sectors and the format will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings. The companies will be represented by an ESG specialist and/or a senior member of their IR team.

Confirmed Companies include Air France-KLM, AkzoNobel, Anheuser Bush InBev, BT Group, Coca-Cola Hellenic, Danone, Diageo, Evonik, Marks & Spencer, Novozymes, Santander. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-responsible-investing-conference_1421841518901&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-responsible-investing-conference_1421841518901&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti-Industry2015052121 May 2015Nomura Responsible Investing ConferenceThe Nomura European Responsible Investing Conference will focus purely on ESG issues. It will be a one day conference, featuring European companies from a range of sectors and the format will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings. The companies will be represented by an ESG specialist and/or a senior member of their IR team.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-responsible-investing-conference_1421841060117&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-responsible-investing-conference_1421841060117&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisEMEAMulti-Industry201302055 Feb 2013Nomura Radiation Therapy EventThe Radiation Therapy Event will be an excellent opportunity to gain exposure to the three major industry players and meet with the oncologists which use them. Participating organisations include: Professor Pierre Scalliet, Eleckta Limited, Accuray Inc. & Varian Medical Systems Inc.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-radiation-therapy-event_1357664058394&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-radiation-therapy-event_1357664058394&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMedtech2013012929 Jan 2013Nomura Radiation Therapy EventThe Radiation Therapy Event will be an excellent opportunity to gain exposure to the three major industry players and meet with the oncologists which use them. Participating organisations include: Professor Pierre Scalliet, Eleckta Limited, Accuray Inc. & Varian Medical Systems Inc.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-radiation-therapy-event_1357663980672&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-radiation-therapy-event_1357663980672&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMedtech2013091010 Sep 2013Nomura Oils E&P ConferenceOur 2nd annual E&P Conference gives investors the opportunity to meet with leading Exploration & Production companies from Europe and North America. There will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings for each company with investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oils-e-p-conference_1373969062469&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oils-e-p-conference_1373969062469&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALOil and Gas2012011111 - 13 Jan 2012Nomura Oil Services TourPresentations from Aker Solutions, Kvaener, Petroleum Geo-Services, TGS-NOPEC, Siem Offshore, Prosafe, Seadrill and Solstad.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-services-nomad-tour_1322665861158&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-services-nomad-tour_1322665861158&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessOslo, StavangerEMEAOil & Gas201301099 - 10 Jan 2013Nomura Oil Service TourParticipating companies include: Faroe Petroleum Norge, Subsea 7, Prosafe, Seadrill, PGS, Aker Solutions, TGS, BW Offshore, Kvaerner & Statoilcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-service-tour_1357663042791&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-service-tour_1357663042791&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessStavanger, OsloGLOBALOil & Gas201401088 - 9 Jan 2014Nomura Oil Sector TourConfirmed Companies include: BW Offshore, DNO, Faroe Petroleum, Kvaerner, PGS, Premier Oil, Prosafe, Statoil, Subsea 7 and TGScategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-sector-tour_1386243947000&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-oil-sector-tour_1386243947000&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondon, Stavanger, OsloEMEAOil & Gas201508044 - 5 Aug 2015Nomura North America Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-north-america-day_1439291585030&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-north-america-day_1439291585030&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoJAPANMultiple2012031212 - 14 Mar 2012Nomura Middle East (UAE & Kurdistan) Oils Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-middle-east-oil-services-tour_1327315300679&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-middle-east-oil-services-tour_1327315300679&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessDubai, Abu Dhabi, ErbilEMEAOil & Gas2013011515 Jan 2013Nomura Media Tour ParisParticipating companies include: Lagardère, Havas, JCD, Publicis & Vivendicategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-tour-paris_1357663525856&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-tour-paris_1357663525856&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisGLOBALMedia2013012323 - 24 Jan 2013Nomura Media Tour Munich



Participating companies include: ProSiebenSat1 Media, Kabel Deutschland, Sky Deutschland & Telefonica Deutschland in Munich and BNetzA & Deutsche Telekom in Bonncategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-tour-munich_1357663634599&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-tour-munich_1357663634599&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMunich, BonnGLOBALMedia2014052828 - 29 May 2014Nomura Media SummitThe conference will provide investors access to key media management teams over two days in New York. Presentations are typically hosted by operational level management allowing us to focus on the particular / division that will be driving growth over the coming quarters. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-summit_1393951091585&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-summit_1393951091585&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMedia2012011111 - 12 Jan 2012Nomura Media TourPresentations from Vivendi, Publics, Lagardère, Havas and Lagardere.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-nomad-tour_1322666416363&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-nomad-tour_1322666416363&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisEMEAMedia2012012626 Jan 2012Nomura Media TourPresentations from RTL, Sky Deutschland and Kabel Deutschland.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-nomad-tour_1322666117665&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media-nomad-tour_1322666117665&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMunichEMEAMedia201401066 - 7 Jan 2014Nomura Media & Telco Fieldtrip to ParisConfirmed participants include: Vivendi, Havas, Orange and Lagardere 
Regular other participants include: Publicis, Illiad, Eutelsat, JC Decaux & Bouygues.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media---telco-fieldtrip-to-paris_1381232807512&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-media---telco-fieldtrip-to-paris_1381232807512&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisEMEAMedia & Telecoms2013022626 - 27 Feb 2013Nomura Made in America ConferenceConfirmed speakers include: Activision Blizzard, Alliance Data, BATS Global Markets, RPM International, Tupperware and Varian Medicalcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-made-in-america-conference_1358509541912&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-made-in-america-conference_1358509541912&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-industry201407033 Jul 2014Nomura Leisure ConferenceConfirmed headline speaker is Jenny Williams (Chief Executive of the Gambling Commission, regulator of UK betting and gaming). Comfirmed company representation: Betfair, Greene King, GTECH, Intercontinental Hotels Group, Merlin Entertainments, Playtech, Restaurant Group, Whitbread, William Hillcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-leisure-conference_1397472526575&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-leisure-conference_1397472526575&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALLeisure201307088 Jul 2013Nomura Leisure Conference     A day of one-on-one and small group meetings with senior management across the sector. Companies confirmed so far include: 
Compass Group, Greene King, InterContinental Hotels Group, Ladbrokes, Lottomatica, Mitchells & Butlers, Spirit Pub Company, TUI Travel, Whitbread, William Hillcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-leisure-conference_1362755645137&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-leisure-conference_1362755645137&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEALeisure2012013030 Jan 2012Nomura Italian Banks Field Trip to MilanPresentations from UBI Banca, Mediobanca, IntesaSP, Unicredit Group, Banco Popolare and Banca Monte dei Paschi.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-italian-banks-tour_1326733640052&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-italian-banks-tour_1326733640052&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMilanEMEAFinancials2011112828 Nov - 2 Dec 2011Nomura Investment & Global Real Estate Forum 2011Nomura Investment Forum is widely known in the industry as the must-attend senior executive level annual forum where investors globally get together to update, network, gather intelligence and transact on investment ideas. This year, the event will be tagged to Nomura Global Real Estate Forum where key players of the real estate industry from Japan and overseas gather to exchange thoughts and ideas on the market dynamics.

Combining both the flagship events, we expect to have approximately 150 Japanese corporates and 40 Asia ex-Japan corporates to share their latest business development and industry insights.

Come meet the frontiers and key players. These forums are not to be missed. Mark your calendar today.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment_1317209779017&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment_1317209779017&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALMulti-industry2015113030 Nov - 4 Dec 2015Nomura Investment Forum 2015category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1421842625682&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1421842625682&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoJAPANMulti-Industry201312022 - 6 Dec 2013Nomura Investment ForumNomura’s signature conference in Japan, bringing together over 200 Asian companies and some 1,500 global investors 
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1352112049575&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1352112049575&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALMulti-Industry201212033 - 7 Dec 2012Nomura Investment ForumOne of the world’s largest Pan-Asia conferences, our flagship forum in Tokyo has earned a reputation as the “must-attend” equities conference, featuring over 200 leading companies and 1,500 global investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1326709561942&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum_1326709561942&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALMulti-industry201506022 - 5 Jun 2015Nomura Investment Forum Asia Nomura Investment Forum Asia has earned a reputation as one of Asia’s “must-attend” events, connecting global investors with over 200 major companies in Asia including Japan and prominent thought leaders. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia_1415767650685&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia_1415767650685&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeGLOBALMulti-Industry201606077 - 10 Jun 2016Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2016Join Nomura’s annual flagship forum and explore the issues impacting markets in Asia and across the globe. With hundreds of Asia Pacific’s leading companies represented alongside prominent speakers and Nomura’s strategists, economists and research analysts, this event brings you closer to the action via a series of one-on-one meetings, plenary sessions and keynote presentations; connecting markets east and west.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2016_1452076224338&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2016_1452076224338&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201406044 - 6 Jun 2014Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2014One of the largest Pan-Asian forums, featuring over 100-150 companies across Asia including Japan, and prominent thought leaders and industry expertscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2014_1384229261760&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2014_1384229261760&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201306044 - 6 Jun 2013Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2014*Date subject to changecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2014_1383288805930&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-asia-2014_1383288805930&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201412022 - 5 Dec 2014Nomura Investment Forum 2014Nomura’s signature conference in Japan, bringing together over 200 Asian companies and some 1,500 global investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-2014_1402646370211&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-investment-forum-2014_1402646370211&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-industry201206044 - 5 Jun 2012India All AccessNomura’s India All Access forum brings you the best in class access to Indian corporates. To be held immediately after the annual results season, investors will benefit from insights into corporates’ views on how the business environment is shaping and their plans for facing upcoming challenges. Nomura would also host industry thought leaders and expert speakers to help investors gain an understanding of the macro environment. 

We aim to feature 50-60 Indian companies across a multitude of key sectors and 100-150 top class domestic and international institutional investors at our 2-day event. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-india-all-access_1323764973390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-india-all-access_1323764973390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMumbaiAPACMulti-industry2015031212 Mar 2015Nomura Inaugural Software ConferenceA one day conference of Fireside Chats and investor meetings with management teams from leading Software companies. The focus will be a deep dive into the Software, Security, and Cloud Computing industries.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-inaugural-software-conference_1421839020283&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-inaugural-software-conference_1421839020283&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSTechnology2012032727 Mar 2012Nomura U.S. Retail Corporate DayThe Nomura Retail team is pleased to announce the very first Retail Corporate Day, taking place in New York City on March 27th. Participating investors will have access to leaders in the industry through 1-on-1 and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-inaugural-retail-summit_1322672967953&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-inaugural-retail-summit_1322672967953&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSRetail2012111919 Nov 2012Nomura Healthcare Bus TourConfirmed companies include: Vectura, Smith & Nephew, Shire and AstraZenecacategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-healthcare-bus-tour_1349768244461&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-healthcare-bus-tour_1349768244461&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALHealthcare2015022626 - 27 Feb 2015Nomura Global Real Estate Forumcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-real-estate-forum_1418389908898&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-real-estate-forum_1418389908898&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoJAPANReal Estate2013052929 May 2013Nomura Global Quantitative Equity Conference The conference will include a wide range of speakers from distinguished practitioners, academics, to end-asset owners. We hope that you will join us along with your fellow leaders in the field of quantitative investment at this special event for a stimulating session of learning and discussion.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-quantitative-equity-conference_1363958201919&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-quantitative-equity-conference_1363958201919&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALQuant Research 2012052222 May 2012Global Quantitative Equity ConferenceThe conference will include presentations from Professor Narasimhan Jegadeesh, speaking on Natural Language Programming and implications for stock prices; Nomura speakers from each region and practitioners, including quant fund managers addressing current challenges in quantitative asset management.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-quantitative-equity-conference_1329920011889&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-quantitative-equity-conference_1329920011889&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALQuantitative Strategy2013052828 - 30 May 2013Nomura Global Media SummitThe Nomura Global Media Summit combines the 3rd annual US Media & Telecom Summit with the long running European Media Conference which will provide investors access to the key global media management teams over three days in New York. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-media-summit_1360067435386&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-media-summit_1360067435386&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMedia2012052121 - 23 May 2012Nomura Global Media New York Field TripThe Nomura International Media team is pleased to announce its annual European Media Field Trip to New York. The trip will focus on the US operations of the major European media companies, meeting with operational management, and where possible, their customers, competitors, and other industry experts.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-media-new-york-field-trip_1329216662751&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-media-new-york-field-trip_1329216662751&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMedia201603099 - 10 Mar 2016Nomura Global FIG ConferenceThe annual Nomura Global FIG Conference has now become a key event anticipated by the Asian investor community.  Each year we bring together all key FIG stakeholders - issuers, regulators, rating agencies and investors - to increase the dialogue from both a capital and liquidity perspective.  In its sixth consecutive year, this conference has proven success in connecting Asia’s investors to the participating FIG issuers, truly Connecting Markets East & West. In 2015, Nomura successfully hosted over 170 one-on-one/group investor meetings during the conference.
Nomura enjoys a market leading presence in Asia with access to the widest pool of investors who are buyers of financials credit. The timing of this event has been scheduled in order to allow international issuers and the Asian investor community to meet post the annual results reporting season. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-fig-conference_1455814921693&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-fig-conference_1455814921693&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALFinancials2015032626 - 27 Mar 2015Nomura Global Chemicals Industry Leaders ConferenceThe companies presenting at the conference are leaders across the spectrum of chemical industry activities. Globally, these companies will be key players in developing new products and services including industrial chemicals, coatings, agricultural solutions and industrial gases. 

Following the very successful formula of previous conferences, the Nomura Global Chemicals Industry Leaders Conference aims to provide an extensive opportunity for face-to-face interaction between senior chemical company managers and investors.
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemicals-industry-leaders-conference,_1421397551696&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemicals-industry-leaders-conference,_1421397551696&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAChemicals2014032727 - 28 Mar 2014Global Chemical Industry Leaders ConferenceA chance to meet with leading global companies within the chemicals sector, in a series of one on one and small group meetings.  Air Liquide, AkzoNobel, Altana, Arkema, BASF, Clariant, Croda, DSM, Huntsman, ICL, K+S, Lanxess, Linde, Novozymes, Solvay, Symrise, Syngenta, Wacker Chemie (plus others to be confirmed) category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemical-industry-leaders-conference_1389799289590&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemical-industry-leaders-conference_1389799289590&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALChemicals2013032121 - 22 Mar 2013Nomura Global Chemical Industry Leaders Conference The companies presenting at the conference are leaders across the spectrum of chemical industry activities. Globally, these companies will be key players in developing new products and services including industrial chemicals, coatings, agricultural solutions and industrial gases.  

Following the very successful formula of previous conferences, the Nomura Global Chemicals Industry Leaders Conference aims to provide an extensive opportunity for face-to-face interaction between senior chemical company managers and investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemical-industry-leaders-conference_1351163392773&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-global-chemical-industry-leaders-conference_1351163392773&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessVeniceGLOBALChemicals201205033 May 2012Nomura 2nd Annual U.S. Financials IR 1-on-1 Corporate DayThe Nomura II ranked Financials team is hosting a day of 1-on-1 meetings with Investor Relations Officers from leading companies in the financial industry. The Corporate Day will take place in New York City on May 3rd and offers investors a unique opportunity to have access to our participating IR specialists.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financials-ir-1-on-1-corporate-day_1329233399540&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financials-ir-1-on-1-corporate-day_1329233399540&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSFinancials2012082929 - 31 Aug 2012Nomura Financial Services Conference 2012We are delighted that our 4th Annual Financial Services Conference will include geographically diverse companies from a broad range of financial services, including banking, insurance and specialty finance. The conference will offer formal presentations, smaller focus groups and opportunities for One-on-One meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financials-conference_1326466747185&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financials-conference_1326466747185&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAFinancials2015111919 - 20 Nov 2015Nomura Financial Services Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1421398798702&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1421398798702&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEABanks2014112020 - 21 Nov 2014Nomura Financial Services Conference 2014The format of our 5th annual Financial Services Conference will be a series of 1:1 meetings and small groups. Companies confirmed to date include: Alpha Bank, Banco BPI, Banco Sabadell, Bankia, Bankinter, Barclays, BBVA, BPM, Caixabank, Credit Agricole, CS Group, Danske Bank, Eurobank, ING, Intesa, Julius Baer, Liberbank, Lloyds Banking Group, NBG, Nordea, Royal Bank of Scotland, Swedbank, TSB, UBI Banca, Unicredit.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1411385140890&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1411385140890&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALBanks2013112121 - 22 Nov 2013Nomura Financial Services Conference 2013Nomura is pleased to welcome you to our 4th Annual Financial Services Conference. Please follow the link for more information and to register.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1382722747569&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-financial-services-conference_1382722747569&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEABanks2012031414 - 15 Mar 2012European Sustainable and Responsible Investment ConferenceThe Nomura European SRI Conference will focus purely on Sustainable and Responsible Investment issues. It will be a two day conference, featuring 35 – 40 European companies from a wide range of sectors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-sustainable-and-responsible-investment-conference_1323084756061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-sustainable-and-responsible-investment-conference_1323084756061&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisEMEAMulti-industry2013052222 - 23 May 2013Nomura European SRI ConferenceThe Nomura European SRI Conference will focus purely on SRI issues. It will be a two day conference and the format will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings. The companies will be represented by an SRI specialist and/or a senior member of their IR team.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-sri-conference_1360069278277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-sri-conference_1360069278277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessParisEMEAMulti-Industry201112077 - 8 Dec 2011Nomura European Industry ForumFollowing the success of our 2010 inaugural conference, the 2011 event will feature leading European companies across the consumer & retail sector including food, beverage, tobacco, retail, luxury, and leisure. We expect to host several dominant European companies within a format of 1x1 and small group meetings with the opportunity to fully engage with the representatives of each company.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-industry-forum_1317206788678&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-industry-forum_1317206788678&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoUSConsumer2013121111 - 12 Dec 2013Nomura European Industry Forum: West Coast Consumer ConferenceThis year’s event will again feature leading European companies across the consumer & retail sector including food, beverage, tobacco, retail, and leisure.  The event is designed to provide face to face corporate interaction in a 1x1 and small group format. Confirmed corporate participants: ABI InBev, British American Tobacco, Britvic, Danone, Diageo, GTECH (Lottomatica), Imperial Tobacco, Kingfisher, Pernod Ricard, SABMiller, William Hill category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-industry-forum:-west-coast-consumer-conference_1378908528118&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-european-industry-forum:-west-coast-consumer-conference_1378908528118&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoEMEAConsumer & Retail2011121616 Dec 2011Nomura Energy & Utilities TourPresentations from Saipem, ENI, SNAM RETE GAS, Italian Regulator and Saras.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-energy---utilities-nomad-tour_1322666549961&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-energy---utilities-nomad-tour_1322666549961&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMilanEMEAOil & Gas2013041616 - 16 Apr 2013Nomura Dialogue - Dr. Kevin Chen, China Program Leader and Senior Research Fellow, International Food Policy Institute (IFPRI)Modernizing Smallholder Agriculture through Value Chain Development in China: The Role of Private Public Partnershipcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-dialogue--_1361514186828&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-dialogue--_1361514186828&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessRoom M3&M4, 30F, IFC TWO, Hong KongAPACAgriculture2013052020 - 25 May 2013Nomura Convertible Bonds Field TripMulti-sector Convertible bonds meetings arranged with Subsea 7, Ake Solutions, REC, PGS, Rystad Energy, Marine Harvest, TeliaSonera, Industrivarden, Talvivaara, Solidium, Alliance Oil, TMK, Severstal and Lukoilcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-conve_1368794463182&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-conve_1368794463182&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondon, Oslo, Stavanger, Stockholm, Helsinki, MoscowEMEAConvertible Bonds201509099 - 10 Sep 2015Nomura China Investor ForumThis forum features 70-80 leading companies across Asia, and a comprehensive agenda of expert keynote speakers and industry experts. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-chinese-investor-forum_1421842326835&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-chinese-investor-forum_1421842326835&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghaiAPACMulti-Industry201601066 - 9 Jan 2016Nomura@CES ConferenceA three day event focusing on Tech Companies from all regions, in a series of 1x1 and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-ces_1437647569504&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-ces_1437647569504&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLas VegasGLOBALTechnology201501066 - 7 Jan 2015Nomura@CES 2015Our annual presence in Las Vegas has helped Nomura@CES to
become one of the largest and best represented investor-oriented events on the back of CES . This unique gathering in Las Vegas will allow you to meet with your peers, gain insight into the latest industry trends at CES and to access key investors at Nomura@CES 2015.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-ces-2015_1403863259226&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-ces-2015_1403863259226&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLas VegasAPACTechnology2013061010 - 12 Jun 2013Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2013In its 10th year, the Nomura Investment Forum Asia (formerly known as Nomura Asia Equity Forum) has earned a reputation as one of Asia’s “must-attend” events, connecting over 150 major companies in Asia including Japan, global investors and prominent thought leaders. In a year expected to be a "tale of two halves", join Nomura at this mid-year point to review if the accelerating growth and liquidity is on track in 1H13; and if inflation fears going into 2H13 will be realised. Showcasing a timely theme Globally Asia, we will also explore how Asia has evolved from capital importer to capital exporter, and its impact to businesses and investments across the world. Given the renewed vigour and leadership in the two Superpowers, China and the US, we will explore their policies, politics and progress.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-asia-equity-forum_1344394672735&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-asia-equity-forum_1344394672735&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeGLOBALMulti-Industry201206066 - 8 Jun 2012Nomura Asia Equity Forum 2012In its 9th year, the Nomura Asia Equity Forum has earned a reputation as one of Asia "must-attend" events, featuring more than 120 leading companies from Asia and Japan.  This year, we will focus on the theme of "Asia on Asia" - uncovering for you Asia's changing landscape and underlying value through the perspective of prominent Asian thought leaders.  With a comprehensive suite of activities including one-on-one meetings, keynote presentations, golf day and themed tours, our forum provides you with the perfect opportunity to prepare for the uncertainties that lie ahead for Asia.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-asia-equity-forum_1317288154738&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-asia-equity-forum_1317288154738&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeGLOBALMulti-industry2012081616 Aug 2012Nomura Alternative Investment Series: PearlsMr. Tom Takada, Merchandising Manager of Mikimoto.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-mikimoto_1343890309062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-mikimoto_1343890309062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACLuxury Retail2012061818 Jun 2012Nomura Alternative Investment Series: London Calling - The Rise of International InvestorsMr. Alistair Meadows, Regional Director, International Capital Group, Asia Pacificcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-london-calling---the-rise-of-international-investors_1337931703464&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-london-calling---the-rise-of-international-investors_1337931703464&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongEMEAAlternative Investment2012062626 Jun 2012Nomura Alternative Investment Series: ChampagneMr. Claudio De Villemore Salgado, Consul General, Ordre des Coteaux de Champagne
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-champagne_1337309755956&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-alternative-investment-series:-champagne_1337309755956&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACAlternative Investment2012012323 - 24 Jan 2012Nomura@NATPE*INVITATION ONLY* For the second year in a row, Nomura will be a sponsor at a media industry conference called NATPE which gathers in Miami from January 23rd – 25th.  NATPE is one of the most important media events of the year and brings together leaders from broadcasting, cable, program production and international markets. We will be there and have plans to moderate a series of private breakouts with some impactful  folks.  Also, we will be attending many panel discussions about local TV , online video and advertising trends.   category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-_1323102030000&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-_1323102030000&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMiamiUSMedia2015051919 May 2015Nomura's 2nd Annual Gaming, Leisure and Lodging ConferenceConfirmed companies include Boyd Gaming Corporation, Extended Stay America Inc, Gaming and Leisure Properties, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc, Host Hotels and Resorts, Las Vegas Sands Corp, Marriott International Inc, MGM Resorts International, Norweigan Cruise Lines, Penn National Gaming Inc, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ryman Hospitality Properties Inc, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation and Wynn Resorts Limited.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-2nd-annual-gaming,-leisure-and-lodging-conference_1427294934674&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura-2nd-annual-gaming,-leisure-and-lodging-conference_1427294934674&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMulti-Industry2012062727 - 28 Jun 2012Nomura / Oil Council Global Oilfield Services ConferenceWe are very pleased to have formed an alliance with the Oil Council this year and we will be sponsoring and hosting the Oilfield and Engineering Conference on 27-28th June exclusively for investors at the Kensington Royal Garden Hotel. 

The Oil Council has organised a number of Energy events over the last few years with high profile speakers from major oil and national oil companies listed in US, Europe and Asia. This year we have collaborated on an Oil Services Conference (a first for the Oil Council) to present a diverse line-up of senior executives from Global Oils and OFS.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura---oil-council-global-oilfield-services-conference_1339079873566&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura---oil-council-global-oilfield-services-conference_1339079873566&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAOil and Gas2012011010 - 11 Jan 2012Nomura@CES 2012This will be the 12th Nomura@CES event which runs concurrently with the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) . Our annual presence  in Las Vegas has helped Nomura@CES to become one of the largest and best represented investor-oriented events on the back of CES . This unique gathering in Las Vegas will allow you to meet with your peers, gain insight into the latest industry trends at CES and to access key investors at Nomura@CES 2012.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura---ces-2012_1317202986267&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=nomura---ces-2012_1317202986267&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLas VegasGLOBALTechnology20130111TBCMr Stephen Shao, Ex-President of Kimberly-Clark ChinaTopic: An in-depth look into the Chinese consumer space from an esteemed Industry veterancategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mr-stephen-shao,-ex-president-of-kimberly-clark-china_1356595334897&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mr-stephen-shao,-ex-president-of-kimberly-clark-china_1356595334897&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACPersonal Care201209044 Sep 2012Global LNG from an Asian perspectiveMr. Jason Waldie, Associate Director, Douglas-Westwood, Singaporecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mr-jason-waldie,-associate-director,-douglas-westwood,-singapore_1343983186399&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mr-jason-waldie,-associate-director,-douglas-westwood,-singapore_1343983186399&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACOil & Gas2012091818 Sep 2012Mongolia at a Cross-Road? Mr Michael Aldrich, Partner of Hogan Lovells in Ulaanbaatarcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mongolia-at-a-cross-road_1345012631469&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=mongolia-at-a-cross-road_1345012631469&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMongolia2015052727 - 28 May 2015Nomura Media Summitcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=media-summit_1421407349219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=media-summit_1421407349219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMedia201309022 - 5 Sep 2013Media and Internet TourNomura is delighted to host the upcoming Media and Internet Tour during Sep 2nd-5th, 2013.

This tour provides the greatest opportunity for both global and regional investors to meet with media and internet companies in China and in Korea - two of the world’s most technologically advanced societies. The trip will encompass a wide range of leading internet search and portal companies and social media as well as the leading companies in the e-commerce sector.  Investors can take advantage of this opportunity to meet with the leading and emerging internet/media companies in Asia (both public and private) and to share the insight with industry consultant to discover the latest developments in this sector.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=media-and-internet-tour_1373522904045&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=media-and-internet-tour_1373522904045&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, Shanghai and SeoulAPACInternet201403044 Mar 2014Malaysia Corporate Day - Healthcarecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=malaysia-corporate-day---healthcare_1392278128413&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=malaysia-corporate-day---healthcare_1392278128413&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessKuala Lumpur, Singapore, Hong Kong and TokyoAPACHealthcare201407088 Jul 2014Malaysia Corporate Day (Auto)This event will showcase Malaysian Auto corporate to the Asian
investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or
small group meetings via video conference.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=malaysia-corporate-day-(auto)_1403862789880&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=malaysia-corporate-day-(auto)_1403862789880&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessKuala Lumpur, Hong Kong, Singapore & TokyoAPACAutomobile2014031818 - 19 Mar 2014Made in America ConferenceWe look forward to providing access to US corporates over two days in Nomura’s London office. Companies confirmed so far include: AVG Technologies, Brown-Forman, DFC Global, Manchester United, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, TiVo, Tupperware, Varian Medical Systemscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=made-in-america-conference_1389371247553&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=made-in-america-conference_1389371247553&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-Sector2013101010 - 11 Oct 2013Macau Gaming TourMacau gaming stocks have performed strongly on the back of a revenue recovery, easing funding concerns of players, strong visitation and sustainable China internal consumption growth. Given the constrained supply before 2015, Macau gaming sector should continue to flourish on a favourable back-drop. Nomura China Team is pleased to host a gaming tour on 10-11 October for investors to have first-hand information on the major players’ next move, update after the Golden week and the impact from Japan potentially opening up their gaming market.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=macau-gaming-tour_1379400069717&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=macau-gaming-tour_1379400069717&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMacauAPACGaming201205088 May 2012Nomura Lodging CEO DayThe Nomura Gaming & Lodging and Leisure team is pleased to announce its Lodging CEO Day on May 8th in Washington, D.C. Senior management of leading companies including Hilton Worldwide, Smith Travel, Host Hotels & Resorts, Marriott International, Penn National Gaming, and the Cordish Company will be accessible through small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=lodging-ceo-day_1333377197777&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=lodging-ceo-day_1333377197777&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessWashington D.C.USLeisure2015062525 Jun 2015Nomura Leisure ConferenceConfirmed companies include Betfair, British Horseracing Authority, IGT (GTECH), IHG, Ladbrokes, Merlin Entertainment, Mitchells & Butlers, SSP, Thomas Cook, TUI AG, Whitbread, William Hill. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=leisure-conference_1426864355360&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=leisure-conference_1426864355360&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEALeisure2012032121 Mar 2012Nomura Transport Conference 2012Our 2012 conference gives investors an opportunity to meet with leading companies across our industries. In terms of structure, we offer company presentations together with a series of one-on-one or small group meetings, sometimes running in parallel, for each company with investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=leisure---transport-conference_1323257627433&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=leisure---transport-conference_1323257627433&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEATransport2013101515 - 16 Oct 2013Korea Exporting Consumer Corporate DayThe corporate day features 5-6 exporting consumer companies for clients to meet with in a group or one on one. This corporate day is the perfect opportunity for Asian investors to connect and gain direct insight from interesting small consumer companies that have great potential to gain market share in the global markets.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-exporting-consumer-corporate-day_1379494358464&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-exporting-consumer-corporate-day_1379494358464&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACConsumer Related201404011 - 2 Apr 2014Korea Cyclical Corporate DayOpportunity for investors to connect and gain direct insights from selected Korean corporates through a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical_1393407845948&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical_1393407845948&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201304033 Apr 2013Korea Cyclical Corporate DayOpportunity for investors to connect and gain direct insights from selected Korean corporates through a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical-corporate-day_1393408006136&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical-corporate-day_1393408006136&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201404033 Apr 2014Korea Cyclical Corporate Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical-corporate-day---singapore_1393940692603&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-cyclical-corporate-day---singapore_1393940692603&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeGLOBALMulti-Industry201512077 - 8 Dec 2015Korea All Access 2015 & Asia Equities Outlook 2016This event features 15-20 high-flying Korean companies and industry experts that will give you unique insights into the Korean market.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1439475340482&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1439475340482&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSeoulGLOBALMultiple2014101616 Oct 2014Korea Corporate DayThis event will showcase Korean corporate to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1403863159850&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1403863159850&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2014101414 - 15 Oct 2014Korea Corporate DayThis event will showcase Korean corporate to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1403863064443&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day_1403863064443&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2016042222 Apr 2016Korea Corporate Day in SingaporeNomura is pleased to invite you to attend our Korea Corporate Day in Hong Kong on 20-21 April 2016 and Singapore on 22 April, 2016. 
The corporate day features 8-10 leading Korean companies for clients to meet within a group or one-on-one format.  This event is a perfect opportunity for Asian investors to connect and gain direct insight from the representatives of companies that have potential to step further drive “Korean Wave” in various industries.  
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day-in-singapore_1453819641660&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day-in-singapore_1453819641660&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeGLOBALMid and Small Cap2016042020 - 21 Apr 2016Korea Corporate Day in Hong Kong Nomura is pleased to invite you to attend our Korea Corporate Day in Hong Kong on 20-21 April 2016 and Singapore on 22 April, 2016. 
The corporate day features 8-10 leading Korean companies for clients to meet within a group or one-on-one format.  This event is a perfect opportunity for Asian investors to connect and gain direct insight from the representatives of companies that have potential to step further drive “Korean Wave” in various industries.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day-in-hong-kong_1453819547236&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=korea-corporate-day-in-hong-kong_1453819547236&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALMid and Small Cap2015082727 - 28 Aug 2015Japan Corporate Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1439298692037&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1439298692037&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeJAPANMultiple2015082424 - 25 Aug 2015Japan Corporate Day category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1439297675935&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1439297675935&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongJAPANMultiple2014082828 - 29 Aug 2014Japan Corporate DayThis event will showcase Japanese corporate to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1403862981194&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1403862981194&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongJAPANMulti-Industry2014082525 - 26 Aug 2014Japan Corporate DayThis event will showcase Japanese corporate to the Asian investors.
The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group
meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1403862897460&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1403862897460&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeJAPANMulti-industry2013082828 - 29 Aug 2013Japan Corporate DaySince the Abe Administration started last year, the interest in Japanese stock market has increased among investors in Japan and outside Japan. This is the ideal opportunity for investors to meet leading Japanese companies and REITs. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1374573629148&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1374573629148&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeJAPANMulti-Industry2013082626 - 27 Aug 2013Japan Corporate DaySince the Abe Administration started last year, the interest in Japanese stock market has increased among investors in Japan and outside Japan.This is the ideal opportunity for investors to meet leading Japanese companies . category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1373852759987&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1373852759987&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongJAPANMulti-Industry201208066 - 9 Aug 2012Japan Corporate DayAn ideal opportunity for investors to meet leading Japanese companies and REITs. Several keynote speakers will also share their insights into Japan’s real estate market outlook, the battery industry and the casino growth prospects.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1340071709483&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=japan-corporate-day_1340071709483&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACJapan201110033 Oct 2011Italian Equity Roadshow 2011 - TokyoA great opportunity for investors to meet with first-rate Italian companies. The conference marks the 8th year with new initiatives such as focuses on attractive medium cap companies and one-on-one meetings that allow for interaction and dialogue between companies and investors. And this year companies will travel beyond Tokyo, to Singapore, to tap wider investor base in Asia.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian_1317200673548&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian_1317200673548&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoEMEAMulti-industry2011093030 Sep 2011Italian Equity Roadshow 2011 - SingaporeA great opportunity for investors to meet with first-rate Italian companies. The conference marks the 8th year with new initiatives such as focuses on attractive medium cap companies and one-on-one meetings that allow for interaction and dialogue between companies and investors. And this year companies will travel beyond Tokyo, to Singapore, to tap wider investor base in Asia.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-investor-conference---singapore_1317200345143&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-investor-conference---singapore_1317200345143&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeEMEAMulti-industry2014062424 Jun 2014Italian Corporate DayThis event will showcase Italian corporate to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-corporate-day_1402646182260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-corporate-day_1402646182260&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-industry2016062020 - 23 Jun 2016Italian ConferenceA three-day event for leading Italian companies in multiple sectors, in a series of 1:1 and small group meetingscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-conference_1456313874390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-conference_1456313874390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyo, Hong Kong, SingaporeGLOBALMulti-industry2013013030 Jan 2013Italian Banks Field Trip to MilanParticipating organisations include: Banca Monte dei Paschi, Intesa SanPaolo, Mediobanca, UBI Banca, Unicredit Group & Banca Popolare di Milanocategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-banks-field-trip-to-milan_1357664122448&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=italian-banks-field-trip-to-milan_1357664122448&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMilanGLOBALBanks2015031010 Mar 2015India REIT Corporate DayThis event will showcase iREIT companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ireit-corporate-day_1420534789387&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ireit-corporate-day_1420534789387&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACiREIT2014031212 Mar 2014IPO Corporate DayThis event will showcase newly IPO'd companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-corporate-day_1420535838263&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-corporate-day_1420535838263&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201111088 - 9 Nov 2011New IPO Corporate DayWith many new IPOs in the Asian market, investors are keen to know more about the companies as investment opportunities. 
Nomura’s New IPO Corporate Day in Hong Kong brings together 10-15 of the best Asian Corporates who have recently done 
an IPO to discuss their prospects and business strategies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-corporate-day_1317204678850&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-corporate-day_1317204678850&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACSmall-mid caps of recent IPOs2014092929 Sep 2014Recently IPO'd Companies ConferenceThis event will  be an opportunity to meet with companies from a variety of sectors who have recently come to the market. The format of the event will be a series of one-on-one and small group investor meetings for each company (no large group presentations).
Companies confirmed to date include: AA, boohoo.com, bpost, Brit Insurance, CTT, Elior, esure Group, Just Retirement, Stock Spirits Groupcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-conference_1407313038152&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ipo-conference_1407313038152&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti Industry2016071111 - 12 Jul 2016Invest Malaysia Tokyo 2016Bursa Malaysia and Nomura are pleased to jointly host Malaysia Corporate Day in Tokyo. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from Malaysia that are navigating through this challenging environment of lower commodity prices and fiscal consolidation. For this conference, we are inviting 8 to 9 companies from Malaysia. The format will run as a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-tokyo_1455698852605&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-tokyo_1455698852605&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-Industry2015062929 Jun 2015Invest Malaysia Tokyo 2015The Malaysian economy is expected to hold up even in the face of concerns over lower commodity prices. The government has successfully delivered key fiscal reforms on fuel subsidies and the GST. This year, Nomura expects GDP growth of 4.7% while fiscal consolidation remains on track to reduce the fiscal deficit to 3.0% of GDP, and the current account to remain in surplus of 3.3% of GDP.

Bursa Malaysia and Nomura are pleased to jointly host Invest Malaysia Tokyo 2015. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from Malaysia that are navigating through this challenging environment of lower commodity prices and fiscal consolidation.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-tokyo-2015_1433899784871&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-tokyo-2015_1433899784871&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessAPACMulti201407077 - 8 Jul 2014Invest Malaysia DayThis event is jointly organized with Bursa Malaysia to showcase six leading companies from Malaysia to Investors in Japan. The format will be a series of one-one /small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-day_1403862556083&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=invest-malaysia-day_1403862556083&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessKuala LumpurAPACMulti-Industry201406099 - 11 Jun 2014Internet TourNomura is pleased to invite you to join our Internet Tour to Beijing and Shanghai during 9-11 June 2014. This investor group field trip offers an on-the-ground study of China internet industry. Clients would have access to listen to the different views by public companies and their private competitors and value chain partners.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-tour_1398417179417&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-tour_1398417179417&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, ShanghaiAPACInternet & Media201406099 - 11 Jun 2014Internet TourNomura is pleased to invite you to join our Internet Tour to Beijing and Shanghai during 9-11 June 2014. This investor group field trip offers an on-the-ground study of China internet industry. Clients would have access to listen to the different views by public companies and their private competitors and value chain partners.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-tour_1398415339277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-tour_1398415339277&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing and ShanghaiAPACInternet and Media201503099 Mar 2015Internet Corporate DayThis event will showcase Media/Internet companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-corporate-day_1420535080434&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-corporate-day_1420535080434&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMedia2012061111 - 14 Jun 2012Internet and Media Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-and-media-tour_1337312199831&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-and-media-tour_1337312199831&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai, Beijing, SeoulGLOBALInternet and Media Tour2016032222 Mar 2016Internet and Education Corporate DayNomura China Internet Research team estimate that over 50% of Chinese internet users are those born between 1985-1999. As individuals in this age group enter the workforce, their impact on the overall economy is likely to accelerate. Considering that this generation has grown up within the internet age, we think that online consumptions channels will only increase in significance. We think that service-related sectors will especially benefit from this ongoing transition, including e-commerce, online travel and education. 

The Internet and Education Corporate Day thus aims to showcase companies that may stand to benefit from these long-term trends.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-and-education-corporate-day_1452736342241&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=internet-and-education-corporate-day_1452736342241&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACInternet and Education2014011515 Jan 2014Insurance Sector Field Tripcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=insurance-sector-field-trip_1389373628231&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=insurance-sector-field-trip_1389373628231&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessZurichGLOBALInsurance2012032828 - 30 Mar 2012Industrial TourNomura is pleased to host the Industrial Tour in Beijing, Ningbo, Shanghai, Wuxi and Kunshan. This tour provides a great opportunity for both global and regional investors to meet with construction machinery companies in China. Construction machinery is a cyclical sector, so understanding the current position in the demand cycle is key for investment timing. The tour enables investor to have direct dialogues with key representatives of the industrial sector.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=industrial-tour_1328092416647&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=industrial-tour_1328092416647&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, Ningbo, Shanghai, Wuxi, KunshanAPACConstruction Machinery2015051313 May 2015Industrial Corporate DayFeaturing a broad spectrum of companies in the field ·including rolling stocks, engineering & construction, shipyards, and construction machinery manufacturers - Nomura's Industrials Corporate Day offers a unique venue to meet directly those on the ground of China's re-industrialization and discuss the challenges and opportunities ahead.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=industrial-corporate-day_1421840754556&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=industrial-corporate-day_1421840754556&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACConstruction & Infrastructure2015042020 Apr 2015Indonesia Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indonesian companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1420535201768&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1420535201768&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoAPACMulti-Industry201211022 Nov 2012Indonesia Corporate DayExplore the key elements that drive Indonesia's long term growth by meeting 6-8 midcap Indonesia companies with strong potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1344914814685&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1344914814685&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2012103131 Oct - 1 Nov 2012Indonesia Corporate DayExplore the key elements that drive Indonesia's long term growth by meeting 6-8 midcap Indonesia companies with strong potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1344914673856&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-corporate-day_1344914673856&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2013061313 - 14 Jun 2013Indonesia Consumer TourThe Indonesia Consumer Tour aims to give color on Indonesia consumer space to investors. The itinerary will include meetings with consumer companies in Indonesia and site visit to manufacturing plants as well as various trade channel. The companies will range from food & beverages producer, cigarette manufacturer, and retail players. Site visit includes a tour in Indonesia’s traditional and modern market and manufacturing plant.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-consumer-tour_1365585533671&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-consumer-tour_1365585533671&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakarta & SurabayaAPACConsumer201206044 - 5 Jun 2012Indonesia Auto Chain Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-auto-chain-tour_1337311841311&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-auto-chain-tour_1337311841311&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaAPACAuto and Autoparts2015012020 - 21 Jan 2015Indonesia All AccessIndonesia has successfully completed the most contested election
ever and investors are hopeful that the new government, which
presents a clean break from the previous elitist government, is finally able to bring the long awaited reforms. To help investors make informed decisions and to identify winners and leaders, Nomura’s Indonesia All Access provides the ideal platform to meeting leading companies and industry experts through meetings in Jakarta.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1411725416109&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1411725416109&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaAPACMulti-industry2013102222 - 24 Oct 2013Indonesia All AccessThis event provides the ideal platform to meet leading companies and industry experts through meetings and site visit in Jakarta. 
*Dates may be subject to changecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1361441928971&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1361441928971&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaAPACMulti-Industry2012101010 - 12 Oct 2012Indonesia All AccessAccess Indonesia’s growth engines by meeting up to 20 leading companies and visiting their factories and stores.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1334118255145&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access_1334118255145&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaAPACIndonesia2016011919 - 20 Jan 2016Indonesia All Access (POSTPONED)2015 had been a tough year for Indonesia as the new government had to deal with a challenging external environment counterbalance against a slower growth, a weak and volatile currency and lack of progress in reforms internally. 2016 is looked upon as a year for recovery as hopefully the external challenges would have played out and have been digested. 

As in 2015, in 2016 investors are hoping for an acceleration of infrastructure project as a way to jump start the economy while keeping an eye on whether the government will reverse some its populist and interventionist policies. To help investors make informed decisions and to identify winners and leaders, Nomura’s Indonesia All Access provides the ideal platform to meeting leading companies and industry experts through meetings and site visits in Jakarta.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access-jan-19---20,-2016_1451906943645&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access-jan-19---20,-2016_1451906943645&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaGLOBALMulti-Industry2016041212 - 13 Apr 2016Indonesia All Access 20162015 had been a tough year for Indonesia as the new government had to deal with a challenging external environment
counterbalance against a slower growth, a weak and volatile currency and lack of progress in reforms internally. 2016 is
looked upon as a year for recovery as hopefully the external challenges would have played out and have been digested.  As in 2015, in 2016 investors are hoping for an acceleration of infrastructure project as a way to jump start the economy
while keeping an eye on whether the government will reverse some its populist and interventionist policies. To help
investors make informed decisions and to identify winners and leaders, Nomura’s Indonesia All Access provides the
ideal platform to meeting leading companies and industry experts through meetings and site visits in Jakarta.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access-2016_1455698457934&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indonesia-all-access-2016_1455698457934&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaAPACMulti-Industry201210088 - 11 Oct 2012Indian Power and Coal TourIn the context of growing dependence of Indian IPPs on imported coal, particularly sourced from Indonesia, we are organizing a 4 day field-trip to Indonesia in week beginning October 8, 2012. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indian-power-and-coal-tour_1342489441569&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=indian-power-and-coal-tour_1342489441569&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessIndonesiaAPACPower and Coal2011112828 - 29 Nov 2011India Telecom TourNomura’s European and Asian Telecoms Research
teams would like to invite you to join us for a 2 day
investor trip to Delhi and Mumbai in advance of the
Vodafone Open Office event (30 Nov/1 Dec).
This trip offers an opportunity to meet the key local
and international operators and tower companies in
India to assess the market. Also, with regulation and
policy at a crossroads, we will meet with regulators in to assess their stance on prices, spectrum, competition and consolidation.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-telecome-nomad-tour_1317290462366&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-telecome-nomad-tour_1317290462366&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessDelhi, MumbaiAPACTelecoms2016031515 Mar 2016India Corporate Day - SingaporeNomura is pleased to host “India Corporate Day” in Singapore on March 15, 2016 (Tuesday) and Hong Kong March 16, 2016 (Wednesday).

It is a great, timely opportunity to meet with leading companies from India, which are navigating through the current challenging environment. The companies represent a wide cross-section of sectors from the Indian listed space. The companies will be discussing their business’ and the way they are approaching
FY17, and beyond. The number of companies participating is approximately eight-ten. The format will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1455698678465&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1455698678465&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201503022 Mar 2015India Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indian companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420535796096&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420535796096&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkAPACMulti-Industry201503033 Mar 2015India Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indian companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420534955213&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420534955213&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBostonAPACMulti-Industry201403022 Mar 2014India Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indian companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420534574697&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1420534574697&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkAPACMulti-Industry2014031313 Mar 2014India Corporate DayOpportunities for investors to meeting 5 - 6 India corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1393407748495&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1393407748495&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2014031212 Mar 2014India Corporate DayOpportunities for investors to meeting 5 - 6 India corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1393407627791&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1393407627791&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-industry2013112525 Nov 2013India Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indian corporates to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long–term investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1375346734767&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1375346734767&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAMulti-Industry2013091717 - 18 Sep 2013India Corporate DayThis event will showcase Indian corporates to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long–term investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1373855839848&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1373855839848&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingapore & Hong Kong APACMulti-Industry2013031212 Mar 2013India Corporate DayIn India, despite some positive moves on reforms, growth environment remains uncertain. Just after the budget, Investors will have the opportunity to meet with senior executives and industry experts to discuss their corporate strategies and how to sustain growth under the current economy environment. The corporate day will feature 5 - 6 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format throughout the day.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1358756380952&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1358756380952&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2013031111 Mar 2013India Corporate DayIn India, despite some positive moves on reforms, growth environment remains uncertain. Just after the budget, Investors will have the opportunity to meet with senior executives and industry experts to discuss their corporate strategies and how to sustain growth under the current economy environment. The corporate day will feature 5 - 6 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format throughout the day.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1358756038048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1358756038048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2012111919 Nov 2012India Corporate DayFeaturing 6-8 India companies for a sense of the current India market and outlookcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1343395991544&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1343395991544&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACConsumer & Auto2012092525 Sep 2012India Corporate DayThe corporate day will feature 8-10 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format throughout the day.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1340079278893&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1340079278893&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2012092424 Sep 2012India Corporate DayThe corporate day will feature 8-10 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format throughout the day. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1340071246858&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day_1340071246858&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2016031616 Mar 2016India Corporate Day - Hong KongNomura is pleased to host “India Corporate Day” in Singapore on March 15, 2016 (Tuesday) and Hong Kong March 16, 2016 (Wednesday).

It is a great, timely opportunity to meet with leading companies from India, which are navigating through the current challenging environment. The companies represent a wide cross-section of sectors from the Indian listed space. The companies will be discussing their business’ and the way they are approaching
FY17, and beyond. The number of companies participating is approximately eight-ten. The format will be a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day---hong-kong_1455761855034&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day---hong-kong_1455761855034&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2014081313 Aug 2014India Corporate Daycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day-(singapore)_1405319482292&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-corporate-day-(singapore)_1405319482292&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2013052828 - 29 May 2013India All AccessThis event brings you the best in class access to Indian corporates. To be held immediately after the annual results season, investors will benefit from insights into corporates’ views on how the business environment is shaping and their plans for facing upcoming challenges. Nomura would also host industry thought leaders and expert speakers to help investors gain an understanding of the macro environment. We expect to have approximately 50 corporates and about 10 industry experts to make it a rounded experience. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-all-access_1351568673338&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=india-all-access_1351568673338&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessMumbaiAPACMulti-Industry2012092828 Sep 2012Hydropower potential and current development status in ChinaMr. Xuezhong Yu, Chief Engineer, National Research Center of Sustainable Hydropower Development category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hydropower-potential-and-current-development-status-in-china_1346922227966&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hydropower-potential-and-current-development-status-in-china_1346922227966&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACUtilities2012011818 Jan 2012Hong Kong Property Lunch SeriesOver the past two years, our luncheon series have resulted in themes like “Is the herd always wrong?” in January 2010 and “Caveat emptor” in January 2011. We believe the 2012 luncheon series will be invaluable to clients positioning next year. Please invite your clients.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=honk-kong-property-lunch-series_1322841760543&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=honk-kong-property-lunch-series_1322841760543&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACReal Estate201201099 - 11 Jan 2012Hong Kong Property Lunch SeriesOver the past two years, our luncheon series have resulted in themes like “Is the herd always wrong?” in January 2010 and “Caveat emptor” in January 2011. We believe the 2012 luncheon series will be invaluable to clients positioning next year. Please invite your clients.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-property-series_1317214811391&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-property-series_1317214811391&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACReal Estate201201066 Jan 2012Hong Kong Property Lunch SeriesOver the past two years, our luncheon series have resulted in themes like “Is the herd always wrong?” in January 2010 and “Caveat emptor” in January 2011. We believe the 2012 luncheon series will be invaluable to clients positioning next year. Please invite your clients.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-property-lunch-series_1322841672477&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-property-lunch-series_1322841672477&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACReal Estate2014102323 Oct 2014Hong Kong Corporate DayThis event will showcase Hong Kong corporates to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings of small group meetings with long-term investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-corporate-day_1408099348334&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-corporate-day_1408099348334&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201507077 Jul 2015Hong Kong/China Financial Corporate DayDuring this event, investors can conduct direct dialogues with management of the major sub-sectors of the financial systems in Hong Kong and China to obtain the latest trend, as well as the up-to-date business development of each of the companies.

The Hong Kong/China Financial Corporate Day features 5-8 companies across banking, insurance and securities.

category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-china-financial-corporate-day_1433898583742&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong-china-financial-corporate-day_1433898583742&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACFinancials2016022525 Feb 2016Entertainment Corporate DayAffordable consumption - Flavor of the Year 
2015 is an interesting year for China Gaming and Entertainment space, with monstrous growth in China movie box office income (up 35% y-y) coupled with substantial decline in Macau gaming revenue (down 35% y-y). Headwind persists for high end consumption (luxury goods purchases, VIP Gaming) with the slowing economy and the ongoing anti-corruption campaign. Affordable Mass is the flavor of the Year, nurturing numerous investment opportunities in the Movie, Sports and Tourism industry. 
The China Gaming/Entertainment Corporate Day will feature 6-8 leading industry players from different sectors – gaming, movie, sport, travel, who will update investors with their latest company developments and market outlook for 2016. We will also invite industry expert to share independent view on the sector.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong---china-gaming,-lodging-and-entertainment-corporate-day_1452075042479&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hong-kong---china-gaming,-lodging-and-entertainment-corporate-day_1452075042479&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALGaming, Hotels & Leisure2016072121 Jul 2016HK Retail Corporate Day 2016Nomura is pleased to invite you to attend the HK Retail Corporate Day in Hong Kong on Thursday, July 21, 2016.  This corporate day aims to offer a wide range of perspectives for investors to determine if HK retail names are likely to show signs of stabilization, after the last two years of contraction and store network restructuring and product portfolio enhancement. This event will feature 5-6 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings formats.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-retail-corporate-day-2016_1466051278085&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-retail-corporate-day-2016_1466051278085&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong Kong APACConsumer Related 2013062525 Jun 2013HK Conglomerates & SMID Cap Corporate DayThis corporate day will feature 8 - 10 corporates in one-on-one or small group meetings format throughout the day.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-conglomerates---smid-cap-corporate-day_1366798062830&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-conglomerates---smid-cap-corporate-day_1366798062830&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-industry2013103131 Oct 2013HK/China IPO Corporate DayThis event brings together the most talked about newly IPO’d companies to discuss their key themes and trends across their sectors. The format of the Corporate Day will be a series of small group meetings, providing an effective platform to gain a better understanding of corporate management’s focus and strategies going forward. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-new-ipo-corporate-day_1379494599103&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-new-ipo-corporate-day_1379494599103&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-industry201304099 Apr 2013HK/China Media & Content Corporate DayAt this event featuring 8 to 10 media & content companies, investors can conduct direct dialogues with management to obtain the latest trends in Hong Kong & China as well as most up-to-date business development of each of the companies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-media---content-corporate-day_1361441568752&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-media---content-corporate-day_1361441568752&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMedia & Publishing2014062525 Jun 2014HK/China IPO Corporate DayThis corporate day featuring the newly IPO’d companies to discuss their key themes and trends across their sectors. It provides an effective platform to gain a better understanding of corporate management’s focus and strategies going forward.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-ipo-corporate-day_1401414527486&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-ipo-corporate-day_1401414527486&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201312055 - 6 Dec 2013HK/China Financial Corporate DayThis event provides an opportunity for investors to meet with financial institutions and have a gauge on the latest happenings in HK/China’s financial world. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-financial-corporate-day_1379495105932&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-financial-corporate-day_1379495105932&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACFinancial Services201401088 Jan 2014HK/China Consumer Corporate DayThis corporate day offers clients the opportunity to meet with the senior management from selected consumer companies in one-on-one or small group meeting format
*Date subject to changecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-consumer-corporate-day_1380093595160&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-consumer-corporate-day_1380093595160&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACConsumer2013112525 - 26 Nov 2013HK/China Environmental Corporate DayThis event will showcase HK/China utilities corporates to the Asian investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long–term investors. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-commodities-corporate-day_1379494965587&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk-china-commodities-corporate-day_1379494965587&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACUtilities2015062525 - 25 Jun 2015HK/ China Consumer Corporate Day 2015Nomura is pleased to hold its HK/China Consumer Corporate Day in Hong Kong on June 25, 2015. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with 8 to 10 leading companies from across Consumer Sectors as we navigate through an interesting year ahead.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk--china-consumer-corporate-day-2015_1433896993301&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk--china-consumer-corporate-day-2015_1433896993301&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong Kong APACMulti-Industry 201601055 Jan 2016Hong Kong / China Financials Corporate DayThe Hong Kong/China Financials Corporate Day features companies across banking, insurance and securities. 
During this event, investors can conduct direct dialogues with management of the major sub-sectors of the financial systems in Hong Kong and China to obtain the latest trend, as well as the up-to-date business development of each of the companies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk---china-financials-corporate-day-on-jan-5-2016_1451906789219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=hk---china-financials-corporate-day-on-jan-5-2016_1451906789219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALFinancials2012112020 Nov 2012China Healthcare Corporate DayThis event will bring together 10 to 12 healthcare companies across China to help investors understand the recent trends in this sector. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day_1343292184055&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day_1343292184055&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACHealthcare2011101313 Oct 2011Healthcare Corporate Day - SingaporeThe healthcare sector in Asia is becoming increasingly relevant given increasing government spending in healthcare, demand for private healthcare and medical tourism.  Nomura Healthcare Corporate Day in Singapore and Hong Kong brings together 15 to 20 healthcare companies across Asia to discuss their prospects amidst these trends and themescategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day---singapore_1317201500121&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day---singapore_1317201500121&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACHealthcare2011101111 Oct 2011Healthcare Corporate Day - Hong KongThe healthcare sector in Asia is becoming increasingly relevant given increasing government spending in healthcare, demand for private healthcare and medical tourism.  Nomura Healthcare Corporate Day in Singapore and Hong Kong brings together 15 to 20 healthcare companies across Asia to discuss their prospects amidst these trends and themes.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day---hong-kong_1317201116451&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-corporate-day---hong-kong_1317201116451&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessAPACHealthcare2012062727 - 29 Jun 2012Nomura Healthcare ConferenceOur 2012 conference gives investors an opportunity to meet with leading companies across our industries both listed and larger private players, key decision makers from governmental bodies across European jurisdictions over two consecutive days. Our Healthcare conference aims not only to give access to companies but also provide grounds for lively panel discussions and interactive group lunches and dinners with companies and regulators.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-conference_1323258209390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=healthcare-conference_1323258209390&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAHealthcare201309022 - 3 Sep 2013Health and Beauty TourA key theme in China consumption recently has been ‘Lifestyle Upgrade’. Guangzhou is the main production base of personal care and health care products in China. We plan to visit Biostime and Guangzhou Pharma in Guangzhou to provide investors with more insights of the new industry trend. Moreover, we’ll also meet VIP Shop, which was one of the most successful Chinese IPOs in the US, in order to get an update of the development of e-commerce.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=health-and-beauty-tour_1373509061410&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=health-and-beauty-tour_1373509061410&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessGuangzhouAPACConsumer2016022525 - 26 Feb 2016Global Real Estate Forum 2016category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-real-estate-forum-2016_1439998935852&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-real-estate-forum-2016_1439998935852&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALReal Estate201405088 May 2014Global Quantitative Equity ConferenceThe conference will be centred around a wide range of speakers from the buy side who will be speaking on interesting new ideas based on their recently published articles.

The Nomura speakers will be the heads of quant research in each region. We will present both models that we have developed and commentary on the business of the quant fund management industry. As the quant discipline is merging between the asset classes we will have our global head of fixed income quant presenting also. Last but not least, there will be a panel discussion with end-asset owners and practitioners in the quant investment space.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-quantitative-equity-conference_1391076617931&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-quantitative-equity-conference_1391076617931&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALStrategy / Quant2011112222 - 25 Nov 2011Global Consumer Staples Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-consumer-staples-tour_1317290343062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=global-consumer-staples-tour_1317290343062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, TokyoGLOBALConsumer201112088 Dec 2011German Investor ConferenceThe conference includes a series of one on one meetings and a group meeting. Participating companies in Tokyo include: Daimler, Deutsche Post, Metro Pfeiffer Vacuum and SAP category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=german-conference_1317214043115&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=german-conference_1317214043115&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoEMEAMulti-industry2015062424 Jun 2015Nomura Capital Markets Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=german-annual-capital-market-conference_1430293701996&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=german-annual-capital-market-conference_1430293701996&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessFrankfurtEMEAMultiple2014031919 Mar 2014Gaming Corporate DayOpportunity for investors to connect and gain direct insights from selected gaming  corporate through a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=gaming-corporate-day_1390470200916&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=gaming-corporate-day_1390470200916&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACGaming2016051717 May 20163rd Annual Gaming, Leisure & Lodging ConferenceA one-day conference featuring primarily US companies from the gaming, lodging and leisure sectors category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=gaming,-lodging-and-leisure-conference_1452517825236&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=gaming,-lodging-and-leisure-conference_1452517825236&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMulti-Industry2012011212 - 13 Jan 2012Financials Tour – Nomura Local Government Finance Vehicle (LGFV) SeminarFurther to the Nomura SME Seminar in June examining the tightening of monetary policy and stricter monitoring of loan quotas, we will continue to take a closer look at the SMEs financial risks in light of the recent credit policies and the risk of local government financing platform loans.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=financials-tour-–-nomura-local-government-finance-vehicle-(lgfv)-seminar_1323865144967&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=financials-tour-–-nomura-local-government-finance-vehicle-(lgfv)-seminar_1323865144967&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, WenzhouAPACFinancials2014062626 Jun 2014European SRI ConferenceNomura’s fourth European SRI conference will be held over one day in London and will feature around 15 companies from a wide range of sectors. 

Participating companies: AP Moeller Maersk, BT Group, Deutsche Bank, DSM, HSBC, Marks & Spencer, Philips, SAP, Santander, Swiss Re, Unilever, and Volkswagen.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-sri-conference_1396357531271&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-sri-conference_1396357531271&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonGLOBALMulti-industry2016061616 - 17 Jun 2016European ConferenceA two-day event for leading European companies in multiple sectors, in a series of 1:1 and small group meetingscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-conference_1456313805671&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-conference_1456313805671&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALMulti-industry2012121111 - 12 Dec 2012European ConferenceThe aim of this event is to connect leading European companies with the Japanese investment community. The conference is targeted to a limited number of large European companies with a format of 1x1 meetings and a group presentation enabling investors to fully engage with the representatives of each company.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-conference_1349680159412&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=european-conference_1349680159412&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyoGLOBALMulti-Industry201501088 - 9 Jan 2015Environmental Corporate DayNomura’s Environmental Corporate Day offers a unique opportunity to hear directly from those on the front line of China’s environmental protection drive what challenges and opportunities are being faced, and what policy changes may be in the pipeline.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=environmental-corporate-day_1411725343776&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=environmental-corporate-day_1411725343776&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACUtilities2012111919 - 20 Nov 2012Party Time in Beijing: Leadership Change and Policy ImplicationsDr. Minxin Pei, Director at the Keck Center for International and Strategic Studies, Claremont McKenna Collegecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=dr.-minxin-pei,_1351075669005&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=dr.-minxin-pei,_1351075669005&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACBeijing201409044 Sep 2014Digital Media ConferenceParticipating Companies: AMC Networks, CBS Corporation, Discovery Communications, Evolution Media Capital, GroupM, Lions Gate Entertainment, Pandora Media, The Walt Disney Company, TiVo, Tribune Company, Twenty-First Century Fox, Verizon Communicationscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=digital-media-conference_1404983747653&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=digital-media-conference_1404983747653&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMedia2012102929 Oct 2012Dig into Mobile, its Time to go Mobile Now! Mr Alvin Foo, Head of Mobile, Google Chinacategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=dig-into-mobile,-its-time-to-go-mobile-now!_1348043005838&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=dig-into-mobile,-its-time-to-go-mobile-now!_1348043005838&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTelecom & Technology2012092727 Sep 2012Creating Time to Excel - Productivity through TechnologyMs Christine Petersen, Founder and Managing Director, Time Technologycategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=creating-time-to-excel---productivity-through-technology_1347591694855&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=creating-time-to-excel---productivity-through-technology_1347591694855&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACN/A2012111313 Nov 2012Nomura Shinka Autumn - Japan Corporate DayThe itinerary will include small group meetings by senior management of leading Japanese companies. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=corporate-day_1343383283357&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=corporate-day_1343383283357&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonJAPANMulti-industry2013031414 - 15 Mar 2013Cologne Medtech Field TripConfirmed companies include: varian Medical Systems, Straumann, Nobel Biocare and Neosscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=cologne-field-trip_1362574528110&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=cologne-field-trip_1362574528110&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessCologneEMEAMedtech2013012323 - 24 Jan 2013Asia Clean & Green Corporate DayThis event provides investors a golden opportunity to gain insights in the green energy space and have face-to-face talks with the management of the industry players.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=clean---green-corporate-day_1351066261353&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=clean---green-corporate-day_1351066261353&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACUtilities2012011717 - 18 Jan 2012Clean & Green Corporate DayThe Clean and Green Corporate Day provides an effective platform for Asia based institutional investors to meet with Chinese companies that are benefiting from China’s twelfth Five Year Plan, which calls for a further expansion in green energy usage. For green energy companies, this event will offer you unrivalled access to Asia’s top decision makers in the green energy investment industry.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=clean---green-corporate-day_1317215725784&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=clean---green-corporate-day_1317215725784&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACPower & Utility201404099 - 11 Apr 2014China Tourism Tour2014 marks the beginning of some major structural reforms in China - the increasing focus on value-added service and away from low-end manufacturing-based economy is apparent. We would like to invite you to our upcoming China Tourism Tour in Shanghai and Beijing to delve deeper into the flourishing tourism industry. During this trip, we will explore the opportunities and challenges faced by international and domestic hotel chains, airlines and travel agencies while industry speakers will share their views on the sector outlook and the impact of potential government policy changes on the industry.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-tourism-tour_1393417811887&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-tourism-tour_1393417811887&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai, BeijingAPACMulti-Industry2015052020 - 21 May 2015China TMT Corporate DayThis event will showcase China TMT companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-tmt-corporate-day_1422841713724&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-tmt-corporate-day_1422841713724&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTechnology, Media & Telecommunication Services201309055 - 6 Sep 2013China Technology TourWe are pleased to host a China Technology Tour on Sep 5th-6th (Thur and Fri) to visit key companies in the China Smartphone supply chain including Sunny Optical, SMIC and Haitian in Shanghai and Ningbo. Through this tour, investors will have a chance to discover the next growth opportunity within China Technology space.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-technology-tour_1373523089526&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-technology-tour_1373523089526&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNingboAPACTechnology201306033 - 7 Jun 2013China Syngas TourAs a follow-up of our China Unconventional Gas report which was published in Jan 2013, the China Syngas Tour will focus on the latest syngas policy updates, syngas project visits and related company meetings. We aim to provide investors a chance to see the syngas projects first hand and have more understanding about the syngas beneficiary companies in the value chain.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-syngas-tour_1365585447219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-syngas-tour_1365585447219&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, Inner Mongolia, Shanghai and NanjingAPACOil and Gas2014052727 - 27 May 2014China Smart Home TourNomura is pleased to invite you to join our Smart Home Tour in Guangdong province on 27 May, 2014.  We believe Smart Home is the next growth driver in China’s technology space after Smartphone and Smart TV.  We will visit leading vendors in this area to understand their strategy in smart home appliance and offline-to-online (O2O) cooperation. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-smart-home-tour_1396609314593&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-smart-home-tour_1396609314593&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessGuangdong ProvinceAPACTechnology2014062525 - 27 Jun 2014China Reform TripA 2 ½ day “Reform-Focused” small group macro & sector discussion tour in Beijing during 25-27 June. We have lined up 14 meetings with 14 speakers to present on each of the below topic. The topics are selected with a strong bias toward reform and wish you can find it helpful.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-reform-trip_1398418051870&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-reform-trip_1398418051870&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijingAPACEconomics201404011 - 2 Apr 2014China Reform TripWe are hosting a 2-day “Reform-Focused” small group macro & sector discussion tour in Beijing during 1-2 April. The topics are selected with a strong bias toward reform and wish you can find it helpful.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-reform-trip_1394781419129&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-reform-trip_1394781419129&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijingAPACMacro2014051212 - 14 May 2014China Property TourIn view of the increasing divergence of the China Property industry,
Nomura China Property Research take this opportunity to take you to visits
Tier 1, 2 and 3 cities to Tianjin, Beijing and Baoding during May 12-14 to
meet with key players in the market as well as industry expert for a clearer
picture. Baoding site visit could help to learn more about new urbanization
and integration of Beijing with neighbouring cities.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-tour_1398418311524&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-tour_1398418311524&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTianjin, Beijing and BaodingAPACProperty201201055 - 6 Jan 2012China Property Corporate DayIn 2011, we saw signs of home and land prices softening, especially in some 1st and 2nd tier cities. Is this pointing to property easing or will property tightening continue in 2012? Should we continue to view 3rd tier cities as a haven for property companies? We invite some of the leading Chinese property developers to share their business approaches and their market outlook through one-on-one and small group meetings. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-series_1317215624931&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-series_1317215624931&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACReal Estate2014121010 Dec 2014China Property Corporate DayThis event will showcase China property companies to investors. The format will be a series of one-on-one meetings or small group meetings with long-term investors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-corporate-day_1408099560476&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-corporate-day_1408099560476&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-industry201301077 - 8 Jan 2013China Property Corporate DayThis event will bring together 10 to 12 Property companies across China to help investors understand the recent trends in this sector. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-corporate-day_1351065882509&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-property-corporate-day_1351065882509&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACProperty201205077 May 2012China Political ChangeDr. Wang Shaoguang, Chair Professor and Chairperson in the Department of Government and Public Administration, and the Director of Universities Service Centre for China Studies at the Chinese University of Hong Kong
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-political-change_1334656267447&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-political-change_1334656267447&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACPolitics2013011111 Jan 2013China Personal Care Corporate DayThis event will bring together 10 to 12 personal care companies to help investors to ibtain the latest consumption trend in China.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-personal-care-corporate-day_1351066106197&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-personal-care-corporate-day_1351066106197&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACConsumer Staples201209044 Sep 2012China Oil & Gas Corporate DayAccess to a diverse range of corporates, ranging from integrated oil majors to fast-growth unconventional oil/gas explorers, from leading oil services companies to some of China’s top chemicals producers.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-oil_1340069836859&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-oil_1340069836859&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACOil & Gas201206044 - 5 Jun 2012China Macro Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-macro-tour_1337312321837&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-macro-tour_1337312321837&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijingAPACEconomics2013011515 - 17 Jan 2013China Macro and Financial TourAt the turn of the year, we would like to take this opportunity to have a better understanding of China’s macro economic outlook in FY13F as well as the roadmap of the financial sector reform post the top leadership transition through talks with senior management from Chinese banks and government officials. We believe this tour would bring you with a first-hand knowledge of the focus and direction of China’s financial policies as well as the latest operating trend and outlook of Chinese banks in the new year. Please join us at this tour and we hope investors would find it helpful in getting a more comprehensive understanding of the outlook for the macro economy and the development of financial sector reform.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-macro-and-financial-tour_1355362689815&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-macro-and-financial-tour_1355362689815&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijingAPACFinancial201309044 - 5 Sep 2013China Investor ForumNomura’s annual China Investor Forum features more than 40 leading companies and a comprehensive agenda of expert keynote speakers, attracting close to 200 investors from around the world.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1351568823714&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1351568823714&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghaiAPACMulti-Industry2012042323 - 24 Apr 2012China Healthcare TourWant to get the first-hand information from China’s leading pharmaceutical and medical distribution companies? Want to feel the policy headwinds of the healthcare market? Seize the golden opportunity by joining our China Healthcare Tour to Beijing and Shijiazhuang, in which you will meet with a number of market leaders within two days.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1327909679724&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1327909679724&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijing, ShijiazhuangAPACHealthcare2012042525 - 26 Apr 2012China Investor Forum 20122012 is expected to be a year of momentous transition for the world? second-largest economy. China? political leadership will change, casting uncertainty over the policy outlook. At the same time China faces formidable economic challenges, domestically as its property market cools and its working-age population begins to shrink; and externally as Europe? fiscal challenges keep demand and capital subdued. Yet China? thirty-year reform history shows that great changes often happen during the difficult times, helping pave the way for reinvigorated growth. What will be the new drivers of growth to sustain China? record of economic achievement? What reforms will be pushed through, and which stocks and sectors will benefit the most? Our forum will address these and other critical questions.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1317287575644&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum_1317287575644&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessXiamen, ChinaAPACMulti-industry201609066 - 7 Sep 2016China Investor Forum 2016Nomura China Investor Forum enters into its 8th year and is a Nomura flagship forum with over 600 delegates in attendance.  This year, we are delighted to present over 60 of H-shares and A-shares enterprises across key sectors; Extensive agenda line-up of thematic panel discussions and presentations by prominent keynote and guest speakers with various tracks presentation; 2 days of one-on-one / group meetings; Access to Nomura’s leading Research Analysts, Strategists and Economists; Pre and post forum sector-specific tours.
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum-2016_1466159252597&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum-2016_1466159252597&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghaiAPACMulti201409033 - 4 Sep 2014China Investor Forum 2014This forum features 60-70 leading companies across Asia including Japan, and a comprehensive agenda of expert keynote speakers and industry experts. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum-2014_1401413962142&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-investor-forum-2014_1401413962142&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghaiAPACMulti-Industry2016041919 Apr 2016China Industrial Corporate Day A one-day event featuring leading Chinese companies from the
industrial sectorcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-industrial-corporate-day_1456313421024&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-industrial-corporate-day_1456313421024&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongGLOBALIndustrials2012112323 Nov 2012China hospital reform - The risk and opportunity from status quo challengeDr. Zhang Hongyin
Ph. D on medical onocology clinical and tumor pharmacological
Dean of Peking Univeristy Hospitalcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-hospital-reform---the-risk-and-opportunity-from-status-quo-challenge_1350635992226&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-hospital-reform---the-risk-and-opportunity-from-status-quo-challenge_1350635992226&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACHealthcare201212066 - 10 Dec 2012China & Hong Kong Financials Corporate DayThis event allows investors to meet with 10 to 12 financial institutions including banks, insurers and brokers for a better grasp of China’s financial industry.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financials-corporate-day_1347613877356&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financials-corporate-day_1347613877356&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACFinancials2012111313 - 15 Nov 2012China Financial Tour Nomura is pleased to host the China Financial Tour on Nov 13-15 to Chengdu and Chongqing. The tour will allow investors to meet with senior management of listed financial companies in China.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financial-tour_1351647522446&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financial-tour_1351647522446&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessChengdu and ChongqingAPACFinance2012062727 - 29 Jun 2012China Financial Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financial-tour_1337312425557&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-financial-tour_1337312425557&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai, BeijingAPACFinancial and Insurance2014061111 - 13 Jun 2014China Electric Vehicle TourNomura is pleased to invite you to join our Electric Vehicle Tour in Beijing, Tianjin, and Shanghai during 11-13 June, 2014. We believe electric vehicle is an important investment theme in China’s technology space in 2014. We will visit leading vendors in electric vehicle supplier chain to understand their strategies to capture the growth opportunity in electric vehicle.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-electric-vehicle-tour_1400054301350&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-electric-vehicle-tour_1400054301350&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTianjin, Beijing and ShanghaiAPACTechnology2013042424 - 26 Apr 2013China Consumer TourWe are pleased to host the China Consumer Tour in Shanghai and Beijing on 24-26 April. The tour will visit various local and South Korean consumer companies, allowing investors to compare and contrast the different management styles and culture. Key highlights include: Meeting with Orion’s China management as well as a visit to Cosmax’s cosmetics manufacturing plant. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-tour_1360289828561&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-tour_1360289828561&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai and BeijingAPACConsumer2012042323 - 24 Apr 2012China Consumer TourJinjiang is a city with over 1 million population and its retail sales increased by 18% y-y to RMB24bn in the first ten months of 2011. It is also the location of Headquarters for Hengan (personal hygiene products manufacturer), Qinqin Food (snack food manufacturer) and Lilang (menswear retailer). Moreover, footwear players such as Daphne and Belle have established their footprint in the city.

Xiamen is a city with 1.8 million population and its retail sales increased by 17% y-y to RMB73.2bn in the first eleven months of 2011. It is the location of Headquarter for Ports Design (high-end apparel retailer). Retailers including Trinity and L’Occitane have opened their shops in the city.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-tour_1327910414440&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-tour_1327910414440&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessXiamen, JinjiangAPACConsumer201404099 Apr 2014Consumer Service & Logistics Corporate DayOpportunity for investors to connect and gain direct insights from selected consumer services & logistics  corporate through a series of one-on-one and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-service---logistics-corporate-day_1390470507104&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-consumer-service---logistics-corporate-day_1390470507104&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACLogistics2012101515 - 16 Oct 2012China Auto TourThe Global Automotive Industry in 2012 is showing a number of major contradictions. In overall terms, according to LMC Automotive, global light vehicle sales are expected to reach 79.4 million units in 2012, 5% up on 2011’s record level. However, this masks the fact that the real growth has taken place in the first six months of the year and a softening in the selling rates between the first and second half of this year is expected as both emerging and mature markets, and especially Europe, suffer weaker economic growth and curbed consumer spending.   category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-auto-tour_1347504221098&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-auto-tour_1347504221098&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShenyang and ShanghaiAPACAuto2016051717 - 18 May 2016China A/H TMT Corporate DayNomura is pleased to invite you to attend the China A/H TMT corporate day on May 17-18, 2016 in Hong Kong to meet with 15 to 20 leading Hong Kong and A share-listed TMT companies. This corporate day aims to help investors to refresh views on those companies’ latest business development, and to get a deeper understanding regarding the impact of new investment theme to those companies including 1) Smart and electric vehicles, 2) China semiconductor, 3) smartphone value chain, 4) telecom service, and 5) software and cloud service.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-a-h-tmt-corporate-day_1455678160095&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china-a-h-tmt-corporate-day_1455678160095&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACTelecommunications, Technology and Semiconductor2013031212 - 15 Mar 2013China & Japan Internet and Media TourNomura is delighted to host the upcoming China & Japan Internet and Media Tour from 12-15 March, 2013 to Tokyo, Beijing and Shanghai.
This tour provides a great opportunity for both global and regional investors to meet with media and internet companies in China where the world’s largest growth markets as well as in Japan which is one of the world’s most technologically advanced societies. The trip will encompass a wide range of leading internet search and portal companies and social media as well as the other leading companies in the Media sector. Investors can take advantage of this opportunity to meet with the leading and emerging internet/media companies in Asia (both public and private) and to share the insight with industry consultant to discover the latest developments in this sector.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china---japan-internet-and-media-tour_1358932819441&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=china---japan-internet-and-media-tour_1358932819441&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyo, Beijing and ShanghaiAPACInternet and Media2012032222 - 23 Mar 2012Nomura Global Chemical Industry Leaders ConferenceThe companies presenting at the conference are leaders across the spectrum of chemical industry activities. Globally, these companies will be key players in developing new products and services including industrial chemicals, coatings, agricultural solutions and industrial gases.  category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=chemicals-conference_1323258044292&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=chemicals-conference_1323258044292&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessRomeEMEAChemicals2012041919 Apr 2012Changing Context of Multinationals Strategies in ChinaDr. Edward Tse, Senior Partner, Chairman, Greater China and Adam Xu, Principal, Digitalization, Greater China of Booz & Company
category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=changing-context-of-multinationals-strategies-in-china_1331258485873&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=changing-context-of-multinationals-strategies-in-china_1331258485873&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMacro201401077 - 8 Jan 2014CES Forum 2014This will be the 13th Nomura@CES event which runs concurrently with the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) . Our annual presence in Las Vegas has helped Nomura@CES to become one of the largest and best represented investor-oriented events on the back of CES . This unique gathering in Las Vegas will allow you to meet with your peers, gain insight into the latest industry trends at CES and to access key investors at Nomura@CES 2013.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ces-forum-2014_1380093127128&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=ces-forum-2014_1380093127128&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLas VegasAPACTechnology2014051313 - 16 May 2014China and Korea Auto TourWhat will be China’s latest and hottest models for 2014? What strategies are
the auto makers undertaking to win the hearts of car buyers? Nomura is
pleased to host the China/Korea Auto Tour to take a closer look at the
opportunities and challenges at the world’s biggest auto market, starting off
with one of the country’s largest OEMs – FAW Group, and its production
facilities with Volkswagen and Toyota in the northern auto-manufacturing hub
of Changchun. This is followed by a visit on the next day to the new
production facility of Great Wall Motor, China’s most successful domestic
brand which is ready to challenge the foreign brands with its best-selling
SUVs. We will also explore the prospects of the Korean auto and component
makers, by spending a day each in Beijing and Korea’s Ulsan to visit their
respective facilities.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=c_1394781290910&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=c_1394781290910&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessChangchun, Beijing, Xushui and SeoulAPACAuto201411066 Nov 2014Nomura Biotechnology ConferenceParticipating Companies: Acceleron Pharma, Akebia Therapeutics, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Clearside Biomedical, Fate Therapeutics, Galapagos, Incyte, Infinity Pharmaceuticals, ISIS Pharmaceuticals, Macrocure, Neurocrine Biosciences, Ocular Therapeutix, Pharmacyclics, Receptos, Relypsa, Synageva BioPharma Corp.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=biotechnology-conference_1405433191367&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=biotechnology-conference_1405433191367&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBostonUSHealthcare2012042323 - 24 Apr 2012Basic Materials TourFollowing rapid growth from 2000-2011, China is now the world's largest consumer of basic materials like steel, cement and coal, and metals like copper and aluminium. The rapid emergence of China's raw materials demand has driven a significant increase in commodity prices globally resulting in a wave of capital investment programs designed to meet continued growth in demand. China's demand for raw materials is the most important issue facing investors with exposure to mining and basic materials. Recent weakness in the global and Chinese economy has placed greater importance on the underlying assumption that China's demand for raw materials is insatiable.
The focus of this tour is to investigate the macro drivers China's short, medium and long term for basic materials.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=basic-materials-tour_1327910672613&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=basic-materials-tour_1327910672613&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBeijingAPACBasic Materials2012092020 Sep 2012ASML Field Trip with CEO, Eric MeuriceThe ASML Field Trip will be held at their Head Office in the Netherlands. The trip will include Lunch with CEO followed by a Factory tour and meeting with IRcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asml-field-trip-with-cfo,-peter-wennink_1343214848748&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asml-field-trip-with-cfo,-peter-wennink_1343214848748&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessVeldhovenEMEATechnology201203055 - 8 Mar 2012Asia Technology TourNomura is pleased to host an Asia Technology Tour in Taipei, Seoul and Tokyo. This tour provides a great opportunity for both global and regional investors to meet with leading technology system and component companies in the supply chain. The tour will enable investors to better understand current industry trends, challenges and new growth opportunities.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-technology-tour_1327908977853&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-technology-tour_1327908977853&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipei, Seoul, TokyoAPACTechnology2012092424 - 28 Sep 2012Asia Technology & Telecom TourThis tour offers investors the opportunity to go into the middle of the action to meet with the protagonists themselves and their suppliers. We believe this tour is perfectly timed to formulate an opinion on exactly how the technology landscape will shape up during Q4 and in 2013 and to position oneself accordingly. Only limited spaces will be offered to maximise the value of this trip to our clients.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-technology---telecom-tour_1347503929711&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-technology---telecom-tour_1347503929711&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong Kong, Shenzhen, Taiwan and SeoulAPACTechnology & Telecom2013061313 - 14 Jun 2013Asia Property TourThe Asia Property Tour this year would include the latest projects launched by the Singapore developers, including Echelon, Bartley Ridge and D’Nest as well as a few hand-picked projects like Interlace which are set for completion soon. The aim is to provide investors a chance to see these projects first hand and to receive on-the-ground feedback post the latest round of property cooling measures. Aside from residential projects, the Tour aims to bring investors to commercial projects like the upcoming Westgate as well as Star Vista, the latter of which had opened fairly recently.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-property-tour_1365585342688&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-property-tour_1365585342688&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingapore & MalaysiaAPACProperty201206044 - 5 Jun 2012Asia Property Tourcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-property-tour_1337312098854&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-property-tour_1337312098854&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingapore, IskandarAPACProperty201208066 Aug 2012Asia Pacific Property: Out of fashion but not out of valueMr. Paul Louie, Head of Regional Property Research, Asia ex-Japancategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-pacific-property:-out-of_1342663950795&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-pacific-property:-out-of_1342663950795&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACProperty2012101717 Oct 2012Asia Pacific Automotive Outlook ConferenceNomura and LMC Automotive are delighted to annouce a joint one-day conference to share their views on Asian auto markets on the global industry. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-pacific-automotive-outlook-conference_1346321534048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-pacific-automotive-outlook-conference_1346321534048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghaiAPACAutomobile2012031313 - 16 Mar 2012Asia Internet/Media TourNomura is delighted to host the upcoming Asia Internet/Media Tour during March 13-16, 2012. This tour will provide a good opportunity for both global and regional investors to meet with media and internet companies in China which is one of the world’s largest growth markets as well as in Japan which is one of the world’s most technologically advanced societies. The trip will encompass a wide range of leading advertising agencies, outdoor companies, internet search and portal companies and social media as well as the leading companies in the gaming sector. We hope you can take advantage of this opportunity to meet with the leading and emerging internet/media companies in Asia (both public and private) and discover the latest developments in this sector.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-internet-media-tour_1328092184119&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-internet-media-tour_1328092184119&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTokyo, Beijing, ShanghaiAPACInternet/Media2012091919 - 21 Sep 2012Asia Consumer TourThe Nomura International Consumer team is pleased to invite you to its Asian Consumer Field trip to Mumbai, Singapore & Jakarta. The trip will focus on the Asian operations of the major European consumer companies, meeting with operational management, their competitors and other industry experts.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-consumer-tour_1341827834473&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-consumer-tour_1341827834473&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingapore, Jakarta, MumbaiAPACConsumer Staples2012041212 Apr 2012Asia Auto Corporate DayThe Asia Auto Corporate Day will showcase the full value chain of Asia-ex Japan’s automotive industry from automakers and components to dealerships. Participating investors will have access to one-on-ones and small group meetings, in person or by video conference. Do not miss this opportunity to engage with senior executives from some of the region’s leading auto companies based in Korea, China/Hong Kong and Taiwan.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-auto-corporate-day_1328666405444&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-auto-corporate-day_1328666405444&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACAutomobiles and Components201309099 - 12 Sep 2013Malaysia Corproate DayNomura is pleased to host its inaugural Malaysia Corporate Day in London, Edinburgh and Paris on 9-12 September 2013. Invited companies are from the Banking, Telco, Oil & Gas and Property sectors.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-agri---food-corporate-day_1366708340788&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-agri---food-corporate-day_1366708340788&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondon, Edinburgh, ParisAPACMulti-Industry201210088 - 9 Oct 2012Asia Agri & Food Corporate DayAccess to a diverse range of corporates, with exposure ranging from upstream commodity producers, to supply chain managers and Agri-inputs, as well as downstream consumer related food companies.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-agri---food-corporate-day_1337069902418&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asia-agri---food-corporate-day_1337069902418&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACConsumer201403066 - 7 Mar 2014ASEAN All Access 2014ASEAN All Access forum offers the best in class access to leading companies from across Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean_1380096020583&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean_1380096020583&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACMulti-industry2015031212 Mar 2015ASEAN IPO Corporate DayNomura is pleased to invite you to attend the ASEAN IPO Corporate Day on Thursday, March 12 2015 in Singapore. Investors will have the opportunity for direct dialogue with management of recently listed Southeast Asian companies to discuss key themes and trends across their respective sectors. This corporate day will feature 5-7 corporates in one-on-one or small group meeting format throughout the day. category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-ipo-corporate-day_1421039428570&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-ipo-corporate-day_1421039428570&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry2015072929 - 31 Jul 2015Asean E-commerce Corporate Day category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-e-commerce-corporate-day_1436286618726&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-e-commerce-corporate-day_1436286618726&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessJakartaGLOBALMedia201203077 - 8 Mar 2012ASEAN All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317286379273&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317286379273&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkAPACMulti-industry201203055 - 6 Mar 2012ASEAN All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317215939048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317215939048&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACMulti-industry2012022727 - 28 Feb 2012ASEAN All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317215820528&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-corporate-day_1317215820528&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-industry2015041616 - 17 Apr 2015ASEAN All AccessASEAN All Access forum offers the best in class access to leading companies from across Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region’s long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1421840571762&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1421840571762&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry201504088 - 9 Apr 2015ASEAN All AccessASEAN All Access forum offers the best in class access to leading companies from across Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region’s long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1421840410481&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1421840410481&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201403033 - 4 Mar 2014ASEAN All Access 2014ASEAN All Access forum offers the best in class access to leading companies from acorss Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potentialcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1387531262816&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1387531262816&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessHong KongAPACMulti-Industry2012031414 Mar 2012Asean All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1355367486032&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1355367486032&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSan FranciscoAPACMulti-Industry201303077 - 8 Mar 2013Asean All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1344392473779&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1344392473779&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonAPACMulti-Industry2013022828 Feb - 1 Mar 2013Asean All AccessASEAN has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help drive rural income growth. Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across ASEAN that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1344332107218&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1344332107218&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-Industry201203099 Mar 2012ASEAN All AccessSoutheast Asia has emerged as an important region in Asia with its rising middle income populations underpinning strong domestic consumption. In addition, improving infrastructure developments will also help lift growth potential. Meanwhile ASEAN is well endowed with a strong commodity sector that will help underpin rural income growth. 

This forum is also held in partnership with the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX). Do not miss this opportunity to meet with leading companies from across Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1330616577324&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access_1330616577324&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessBostonAPACMulti-industry2014022626 - 27 Feb 2014ASEAN All Access 2014ASEAN All Access forum offers the best in class access to leading companies from across Southeast Asia that are well positioned to benefit from the region's long term growth potential.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access-2014_1380095559146&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=asean-all-access-2014_1380095559146&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessSingaporeAPACMulti-industry2014052828 - 30 May 2014Asia Consumer TourNomura is pleased to host the China Consumer Tour in Shanghai and Beijing
on 28-30 May. The tour will visit various local and Japanese consumer
companies, allowing investors to get a sense of the current competition climate
as well as compare and contrast the different management styles and culture.
The companies we have invited cover a broad range of sectors including dairy
& beverages, snacks, supermarkets, brand retailers and personal care.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=as_1394781581177&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=as_1394781581177&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessShanghai, BeijingAPACConsumer201606099 Jun 2016Annual Global Quantitative Investment Strategies ConferenceA one-day event featuring a wide range of speakers from the buy side & academia, on current trends in systemic investmentcategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=annual-global_1456313681057&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=annual-global_1456313681057&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALQuant2013031111 - 11 Mar 2013Advanced IC Packaging and TSV (through-silicon-via) Technology TourNomura is pleased to host an Advanced IC Packaging and TSV (through-silicon via) Technology tour in Taipei.  This tour provides a great opportunity for regional investors to gain insights on:
•	The progress update of the advanced IC packaging/Substrate by Powertech (6239 TT) and Kinsus (3189 TT).
•	The production lines tours for TSV (through silicon via) and IC Substrate for the advanced IC packaging. 
•	The advanced IC packaging technology briefing by the worldwide industrial expert, senior IEEE Fellow since 1994.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=advanced-ic-packaging-and-tsv-(through-silicon-via)-technology-tour_1360289707062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=advanced-ic-packaging-and-tsv-(through-silicon-via)-technology-tour_1360289707062&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessTaipeiAPACTechnology201506033 Jun 2015Nomura Global Quantitative Equity Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=9th-annual-nomura-global-quantitative-investment-strategies-conference_1429883174082&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=9th-annual-nomura-global-quantitative-investment-strategies-conference_1429883174082&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLondonEMEAQuant2015051212 May 20159th Annual Nomura Global Quantitative Investment Strategies Conferencecategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=9th-annual-nomura-global-quantitative-investment-strategies-conference_1427372998180&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=9th-annual-nomura-global-quantitative-investment-strategies-conference_1427372998180&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSQuant2016042727 Apr 20165th Annual Retail & Restaurants ConferenceA one-day conference featuring primarily US companies from the retail and restaurant sectors category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=5th-annual-retail---restaurants-conference_1452517604849&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=5th-annual-retail---restaurants-conference_1452517604849&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkGLOBALMulti-Industry2012053030 - 31 May 2012Nomura 2nd Annual U.S. Media & Telecom SummitThe Nomura II ranked Media & Telecom team will be hosting their 2nd annual Summit on May 30th -31st in New York City. Senior management of leading companies in these sectors will be accessible through presentations, fireside chats, 1-on-1 meetings and small group meetings.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=2nd-annual-u.s.-media,-cable---telecom-summit_1322673070708&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=2nd-annual-u.s.-media,-cable---telecom-summit_1322673070708&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessNew YorkUSMedia2013101818 - 18 Oct 2013US Asian Auto Factory TourNomura is delighted to host the 2nd Annual US Asian Auto Factory Tour on October 18, 2013. The tour would include site visits to both Hyundai Motor/Hyundai Mobis and Kia Motors factories in Montgomery, Alabama and West Point, Georgia.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=28-f-new-world-tower-1,-18-queens-road-central,-hong-kong_1378711613509&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=28-f-new-world-tower-1,-18-queens-road-central,-hong-kong_1378711613509&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessWest Point, Georgia and Montgomery, AlabamaAPACAuto201301088 - 9 Jan 2013Nomura@CES ForumThis will be the 13th Nomura@CES event which runs concurrently with the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) . Our annual presence in Las Vegas has helped Nomura@CES to become one of the largest and best represented investor-oriented events on the back of CES . This unique gathering in Las Vegas will allow you to meet with your peers, gain insight into the latest industry trends at CES and to access key investors at Nomura@CES 2013.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=13th-annual-nomura-ces-2013_1348796252142&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=13th-annual-nomura-ces-2013_1348796252142&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessLas VegasGLOBALInformation Technology2013101717 - 18 Oct 2013LGFV and Consumer TourNomura is pleased to host the LGFV (Local Government Financing Vehicle) and Consumer Tour on 17-18 October 2013 in Fujian. Guests joining this tour will have access to local banks in Xiamen, local government officials and regulators as well as a major trust company to understand the recent financing situation in Fujian province. Additionally, we will also be visiting major sportswear companies and apparel distributors in Jinjiang and Zhangzhou.category=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=(703-hk)_1380763396475&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&dcrName=(703-hk)_1380763396475&type=dcr&siteName=corporate-accessFujianAPACFinance and Consumervpath=index&siteName=corporate-accesscategory=com&dataType=corporate-access&type=dcrCOPYRIGHT© 2001-
				
				NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED









Nomura Europe : Luxembourg












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.






﻿


Home | NOMURA



















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search







































































FY2017/18 Q1 Financial Results











Nomura Report 2016







About Our Brand







Nomura at a Glance







Diversity & Inclusion









Tweets by @nomuraYour access to Twitter is blocked. Please try accessing with a different device or follow @nomura using a Twitter account.



















News Releases
more





July 21, 2017
Nomura Individual Investor Survey July 2017 (PDF 376KB)


July 11, 2017
Nomura Appoints Fred Jallot as Head of Global Markets, EMEA (PDF 22KB)




RSS













Information





June 23, 2017
IR
113th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders


June 16, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 226KB)


May 26, 2017
IR
Presentation: Investor Day


February 23, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 25KB)


July 11, 2016
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 23KB)


November 6, 2015
Topics
Surrender of Banking License in Labuan, Malaysia (PDF 29KB)


October 20, 2015
Topics
Important: Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 36KB)


March 26, 2015
Topics
Nomura to Support Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games as Gold Partner in Securities Category










News Release Subscription Service
Request a Printed Nomura Report (Annual Report)


Modern Slavery Act Statements
Web Accessibility Test results based on JIS X 8341-3:2010 "8. Assessment"



















Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers




























Careers | NOMURA


















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search








































Careers





Please select a region



Americas




Asia-Pacific




India




Japan

English
Japanese





Europe




Employees are Nomura's greatest asset








Today women pursue work and other commitments in many different ways. The Nomura Group will work alongside all its employees to help realize their career aspirations.

Career x Life Styles










Engage in a team of members from all around the globe, with different skills and experiences to help you discover new perspectives and values.

Growth x Exploration










Collaboration among diverse individuals produces strength and flexibility.

Diversity x Workplace
















Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers



























﻿


Group Companies | NOMURA
















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search






















Group Companies
The Nomura Group is a financial services group comprising Nomura Holdings and its subsidiaries in Japan and overseas.

Nomura Holdings,Inc
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is a holding company with controlling stakes in companies that conduct investment and financial services business with an emphasis on securities businesses.





Company Outline
Management Structure
Business Execution
Advisory Board



Directors
Executive Officers
Senior Managing Directors



History
Articles of Incorporation
Map







Japan




Nomura Securities




Nomura Asset Management




The Nomura Trust and Banking




Nomura Babcock & Brown




Nomura Capital Investment




Nomura Investor Relations




Nomura Funds Research and Technologies




Nomura Research & Advisory




Nomura Business Services




Nomura Facilities




Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research




Nomura Healthcare




Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory




Nomura Financial Products & Services




Nomura Institute of Estate Planning




N-Village






International




Nomura Americas (Disclosures | Offices)




Nomura EMEA (Disclosures | Offices)




Nomura Asia ex-Japan (Offices)




Instinet Incorporated (Website | Offices)































Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers




























Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Securities - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Securities

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
野村證券株式会社





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25) (Osaka, Japan)


Headquarters
Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services


Parent
Nomura Holdings


Website
Nomura Securities






Nomura Securities Co. head office building


Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (野村證券株式会社, Nomura Shōken Kabushiki-gaisha, NSC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NHI), which forms part of the Nomura Group. It plays a central role in the securities business, the Group's core business. Nomura is a financial services group and global investment bank. Based in Tokyo and with regional headquarters in Hong Kong, London, and New York, Nomura employs about 26,000 staff worldwide. It operates through five business divisions: retail (in Japan), global markets, investment banking, merchant banking, and asset management.
Established December 25, 1925 in Osaka, it is the oldest brokerage firm in Japan. It is named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. Boasting the largest shares in all business divisions within the Japanese market and undisputed as the top leading securities firm in Japan,[citation needed] the company is nicknamed "Gulliver".[citation needed] Nomura Securities operates in Asia. In the USA it is known as Nomura Securities International and in EMEA it is Nomura International plc.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Background (before 1925)
1.2 Origins to 2001
1.3 2001 to present


2 Operations
3 Presidents
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Background (before 1925)[edit]
Nomura was founded by Tokushichi Nomura, father of Nomura Securities founder Tokushichi Nomura II as a money changing business.[5] This was just before the Meiji Restoration, the move to setting up a bank was a logical extension and progression of this business as times changed. Changes included the founding of stock exchanges in Tokyo and Osaka as the country became industrialised. Key amongst these changes was the Japanese government's decision to issue foreign currency denominated public bonds to fund the Russo-Japanese war; Nomura employed English speaking staff so that they could take on this international business.
By 1906 Nomura had founded an in-house research department headed up by former Osaka newspaper journalist Kisaku Hashimoto.[6] This was responsible for publishing the Osaka Nomura Business News with trading news, stock analysis and current economic trends. Research combined with a substantial newspaper advertising campaign helped raise the profile of Nomura. By 1917, Nomura had gone public and soon after Osaka Nomura Bank (the present day Resona Bank) was set up, within this business there was a securities section to handle bond sales and underwriting.[5]
Origins to 2001[edit]
On December 25, 1925, the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co. (later known as Daiwa Bank and now Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[7][8][9] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, the son of Tokushichi Nomura and a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[10] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today Is based in Tokyo.
By 1927, Nomura had opened a New York office. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961. In 1981, the company became a member of the New York Stock Exchange, followed five years later by its membership in the London Stock Exchange.[11]
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure with the establishment of Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. became a fully owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings.[12][13]
In February 2007 it purchased the US based broker and trading technology provider Instinet. In October 2008 Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers' business in the Asia Pacific region including Japan, Hong Kong and Australia;[14] together with Lehman Brothers investment banking and equities business in Europe[15] and the Middle East[16] and hired a number of people from Lehman's fixed-income business. In 2007, Lehman international businesses were responsible for half of the bank's total revenue.[17] The acquisition made Nomura the world's largest independent investment bank with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management according to the Financial Times. According to Bloomberg, in the wake of the financial crisis, Nomura did not take any government bail-out money[18] In 2010 Nomura acquired a stake in Bank of Ireland according to publicly available data.[19]
In a bid to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London in April 2009 as part of a stated aim by Hiromi Yamaji, Nomura’s chief executive of global investment banking to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
On July 27, 2009 the Federal Reserve Bank of New York designated Nomura a primary dealer for Federal Reserve System open market operations and U.S. Treasury securities auctions.[20] .[21] Tricorn Partners LLP was acquired on December 16, 2009 to further expand its investment banking business.[22] Nomura operates across 18 exchanges globally and holds a number of primary dealerships. Nomura has been number one on the London Stock Exchange since the summer of 2007.[citation needed] In late May 2017, Nomura Securities paid for Venezuelan government bonds valued at $100 million, paying $30 million for the debt at a steep discount.[23]
Operations[edit]
Nomura provides a range of services through the capital markets including equities and fixed income trading, brokerage, underwriting, offering, secondary offering and private placement of securities. The investment banking arm provides corporate and leveraged financing.
Nomura previously made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities.
Nomura divides its operations up into three regional areas, Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA). The American operations are predominantly focused on offices in the New York and New Jersey areas with additional offices in Toronto, Canada and Bermuda,[24] employing 1,300 staff in the US;[25] investment banking in the US is headed up by Glenn Schiffman.[25] There are 32 offices across the Asia Pacific region headquarters are located in Hong Kong, including Australia, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan.[26] EMEA employs 4,500 people in 18 countries,[27] the chairman is Colin Marshall and the CEO is Jeremy Bennett.[28] In December 2009 Reuters reported that Nomura had raised $7 billion of extra funding through issuing additional shares.[29]
Nomura's four business lines (global markets, investment banking, merchant banking and asset management) are coordinated globally but each European operating entity is incorporated and regulated separately and reports to local management as well as Tokyo-based business leads.
Presidents[edit]


Presidents


 
From
To


Otogo Kataoka
1 December 1925
25 September 1941


Seizo Iida
30 September 1941
13 August 1947


Tsunao Okumura
15 April 1948
1 June 1959


Minoru Segawa
1 June 1959
21 November 1968


Kiichiro Kitaura
21 November 1968
18 October 1978


Setsuya Tabuchi
18 October 1978
19 December 1985


Yoshihisa Tabuchi
20 December 1985
27 June 1991


Hideo Sakamaki
27 June 1991
14 March 1997


Masashi Suzuki
14 March 1997
30 April 1997


Jun'ishi Ujiie
1 May 1997
1 April 2003


Nobuyuki Koga
1 April 2003
1 April 2008


Kenichi Watanabe
1 April 2008
1 August 2012



Koji Nagai
1 August 2012
Present



References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b http://www.nomuraholdings.com/company/basic/founder/all.pdf
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/our-story.shtml
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Holdings - History - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Lehman Brothers' Asia Pacific franchise". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "The architect of a rebuilt Nomura". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to close acquisition of Lehman Brothers' Europe and Middle East investment banking and equities businesses on October 13". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Lehman Brothers
^ "Nomura, Barclays Lure Bankers as Rivals Cut Jobs, Cap Bonuses". Bloomberg. 6 November 2009. 
^ "Stock quotes, financial tools, news and analysis - MSN Money". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Primary Dealers List". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aEcG6_uAE.L4 Fed Names Nomura as Third Additional Primary Dealer This Year
^ "NOMURA - Nomura to acquire Tricorn". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Kurmanaev, Anatoly; Hoffman, Liza (May 31, 2017). "Nomura Bought Controversial Venezuelan Bonds at Steep Discount". Wall Street Journal. New York City, New York. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/americas/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ a b Or, Amy (11 January 2010). "Nomura Appoints Americas Investment Banking Chief". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ http://www.nomura.com/asia/about_nomura/offices.shtml
^ http://www.nomura.com/europe/about_nomura/glance.shtml
^ "Leadership Team - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura: can meet global capital requirements". Reuters. 8 December 2009. 


External links[edit]

Nomura Securities Co. (official site)
Reuters profile for Nomura
FT.com - Nomura shifts focus overseas by Michiyo Nakamoto (April 12, 2009)
Nomura & acquired Lehman Bros operations moving to joint building in City of London - 6-year rent holiday (Financial Times article)
Overview of Nomura Securities European operation (The Banker article)
Answers.com information on Nomura
Funding Universe: Nomura Securities Company, Limited (history of Nomura Securities)







v
t
e


Investment banks




Bank



Divisions of
universal banks





Bulge bracket




Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Barclays
Citi Institutional Clients Group
Credit Suisse
Deutsche Bank Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan & Co. (J.P. Morgan Cazenove)
UBS Investment Bank






Other




Berenberg Bank
BMO Capital Markets
BOC International
BNP Paribas Corporate & Institutional Banking
Brown Shipley
CIBC World Markets
CITIC Securities (CLSA)
Commerzbank Corporates & Markets
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Daiwa Securities Capital Markets
EverBank World Markets
Harris Williams & Co.
HSBC Global Banking and Markets
ING Commercial Banking
Is Investment
KBC Bank
Korea Development Bank (Daewoo Securities)
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities
Mizuho Corporate Bank
Natixis
Nomura Securities
RBC Capital Markets
RBS Markets & International Banking
Sberbank CIB
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Bank
Standard Chartered
TD Securities
UniCredit Corporate & Investment Banking
VTB Capital
Wells Fargo Securities








Independents





Bulge bracket




Goldman Sachs
Morgan Stanley






Other




Allen & Company
Blackstone Group
Brewin Dolphin
BTG Pactual
Centerview Partners
China International Capital Corporation
Close Brothers Group
China Everbright Group

China Everbright Limited
Everbright Securities


Evercore Partners
FBR Capital Markets
Galaxy
Greenhill & Co.
Guosen Securities
Haitong Securities
Houlihan Lokey
Investec
Jefferies
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Lazard
Lincoln International
Macquarie Group
Mediobanca
Moelis & Company
N M Rothschild & Sons
Oppenheimer & Co.
Perella Weinberg Partners
Piper Jaffray
Raymond James Financial
Renaissance Capital
ROTH Capital Partners
Salam Investment Ltd.
Sandler O'Neill and Partners
Stifel Nicolaus
Stone Key Partners
William Blair & Company











 Category
 List






Coordinates: 35°41′02″N 139°46′32″E﻿ / ﻿35.68389°N 139.77556°E﻿ / 35.68389; 139.77556




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Securities&oldid=788486465"					
Categories: Investment banksNomura1925 establishments in JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2014Articles with unsourced statements from June 2017Coordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:05.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Nomura Securities International Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























nomura securities international inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Nomura Securities International, Inc. provides institutional brokerage services. The Company underwrites, sells, and trades securities for clients. Nomura Securities International operates worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Worldwide Plaza 309
West 49th Street
New York, NY 10019-7316
United States


Phone:
1-212-667-9000


Fax:
1-212-667-9100


Web url:
www.nomuraholdings.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company




























From The Web











Key Executives


David Mair Findlay


President/CEO/Senior Mng Dir




David Scott Moser


CFO/Managing Director




Christopher Stephen Vickery


COO/Managing Director




Faron Ross Webb


CCO/Mng Dir/General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Nomura Securities International, Inc.                                                                                    - Piscataway                                        , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Piscataway



Security Brokers and Dealers



Dealers, Security



                            Nomura Securities International, Inc.
                                    



 





















N 


Nomura Securities International, Inc.                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



25 CORPORATE PL S PISCATAWAY, NJ 08854
Get Directions



(212) 667-1688
www.nomura.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 340
 Industries Dealers, Security
 Contacts Dennis Rodriguez                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Additional information is available at www.nomura.com                                                                                           or by contacting Dennis Rodriguez                                                                                                         at (212) 667-1688. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report

















NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.Company Information

Worldwide Plaza 309 W 49th StNew York, NY, 10019 United States(212) 667-9000 †
http://www.nomura.com
Top 3 Competitors

Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.
MORGAN STANLEY
BANK OF AMERICA CORPORATION



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Company Profile


   Nomura Securities International has its eye on fixed income. The US-based unit of top Japanese brokerage Nomura Holdings provides securities research and trading, asset management, and capital markets services. The company caters to individual, institutional, corporate, and government clients. Nomura Securities International is a leading seller of Japanese equities in the US. The company's fixed income division underwrites and trades government bonds and derivatives. It ceased trading mortgage-related securities in 2007. Nomura Securities International opened its first US office in New York in 1927, and has extended its reach to all of North and South America.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Asset Management
Securities Brokerages
Finance & Insurance Sector







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Securities Brokerages Industry Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report















NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Revenue and Financial Data


   Nomura Securities International has its eye on fixed income. The US-based unit of top Japanese brokerage Nomura Holdings provides securities research and trading, asset management, and capital markets services. The company caters to individual, institutional, corporate, and government clients. Nomura Securities International is a leading seller of Japanese equities in the US. The company's fixed income division underwrites and trades government bonds and derivatives. It ceased trading mortgage-related securities in 2007. Nomura Securities International opened its first US office in New York in 1927, and has extended its reach to all of North and South America.
  







Financials Information for NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$577.608083 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Nomura Securities International, Inc.                                                                                    - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Dealers, Security



                            Nomura Securities International, Inc.
                                    



 





















N 


Nomura Securities International, Inc.                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



WORLDWIDE PLAZA 309 W 49T NEW YORK, NY 10019
Get Directions



(212) 667-9000
www.nomura.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 1989
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $516,047,639.00
 Employee Count 671
 Industries Dealers, Security
 Contacts Hideyuki Takahashi                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Nomura Securities International, Inc.                                                                                    is located at Worldwide Plaza 309 W 49t in New York and has been in the business of Dealers, Security since 1989. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 12:47 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nomura Securities International, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nomura Securities International, Inc. offers arbitrage securities brokerage services. It trades mortgaged-backed securities, structured financial securities, and equities. The company underwrites and trades government bonds and derivatives. It also provides asset management and investment banking services. The company operates businesses in four primary areas such as fixed income, equities, investment banking, and asset management. The company was founded in 1969 and is based in New York, New York with branch offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, California; Honolulu, Hawaii; and Chicago, Illinois. Nomura Securities International, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holding America, Inc...
Nomura Securities International, Inc. offers arbitrage securities brokerage services. It trades mortgaged-backed securities, structured financial securities, and equities. The company underwrites and trades government bonds and derivatives. It also provides asset management and investment banking services. The company operates businesses in four primary areas such as fixed income, equities, investment banking, and asset management. The company was founded in 1969 and is based in New York, New York with branch offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, California; Honolulu, Hawaii; and Chicago, Illinois. Nomura Securities International, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holding America, Inc.
Detailed Description


309 West 49th StreetWorldwide PlazaNew York, NY 10019-7316United StatesFounded in 1969



Phone: 212-667-9000

Fax: 212-667-9100

www.nomura.com







Key Executives for Nomura Securities International, Inc.




Mr. Antony Reeves


      	Director of Hedge Fund Sales
      








Mr. James Takeshi Sugahara


      	Director of Equity Finance Sales
      








Mr. Jack Leventhal


      	Managing Director and Head of U.S. Financial Institutions in Investment Banking Division
      








Mr. Surat Maheshwari


      	Managing Director of Fixed Income Division and Head of Private Placements & Us Debt Capital Markets
      








Mr. Koji Wada


      	Co-Head of Equity
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nomura Securities International, Inc. Key Developments

Nomura Appoints Christopher Marai as Managing Director and Senior Analyst in the Firm's U.S. Equity Research Department
Sep 27 16
Nomura announced that Christopher Marai, Ph.D., has joined as a Managing Director and senior analyst, covering Biotechnology in the firm's U.S. Equity Research department. Mr. Marai will be based in San Francisco and joins Nomura from Oppenheimer & Co., where he was most recently a Managing Director and top-ranked senior analyst covering the Biotechnology sector.


Nomura Securities International, Inc. Presents at 22nd Annual ABS East Conference, Sep-19-2016 11:15 AM
Sep 15 16
Nomura Securities International, Inc. Presents at 22nd Annual ABS East Conference, Sep-19-2016 11:15 AM. Venue: Fontainebleau Miami Beach, 4441 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, FL 33140, United States. Speakers: Paul Nikodem, Managing Director-Head SP Research.


Nomura Securities International, Inc. Presents at UNC Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-23-2016 04:15 PM
Mar 22 16
Nomura Securities International, Inc. Presents at UNC Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-23-2016 04:15 PM. Venue: The Carolina Inn, Chapel Hill, NC, United States. Speakers: Aaron Tavel, Managing Director.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nomura Securities International, Inc., please visit www.nomura.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














nomura securities international - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Your search for "nomura securities international" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network




















Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


