











Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.












Careers, Nomura Americas
















Experienced Professionals


Students & Graduates













Make an impression
We are looking for the next generation of entrepreneurs and leaders to shape our future








About Nomura
Careers in global investment banking

Make an impression
At Nomura you will discover a unique spirit and proud heritage. Since 1925, Nomura has built on a commitment to deliver unique value to clients by connecting markets East & West. We continue to service our clients in a differentiated way, providing creative and entrepreneurial solutions.
If you are keen to be a part of a highly nimble and diverse workforce that offers opportunities for you to build a long term career, then come and discover more about Nomura. This could be a perfect fit for you.
Since our founding we have accumulated an unparalled depth and breadth of experience throughout Asia and the rest of the world. We are a highly integrated global network of 27,000 people in 30 countries across our retail, asset management and wholesale (Global Markets and Investment Banking) divisions.
Help us realize our strategy and ambition by joining us in one of our three wholesale businesses:

Global Markets
Investment Banking
Corporate Infrastructure (ie, Operations, Technology and Finance)

Americas
Our history in the US dates back to 1927 when Nomura became a registered member of the New York Stock Exchange. Much of our early work concentrated on providing clients with a unique view of, and access to, Asian markets.
Nomura has a built a strong capital position in the Americas with product knowledge in Fixed Income, Equities, Investment Banking and Asset Management. While our regional headquarters are in New York, we also have offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, San Francisco, Washington D.C., Toronto, Bermuda, and São Paulo.





Koji NagaiGroup CEO




The Nomura Brand Story




Diversity & corporate citizenship



Nomura History







Nomura Offices


































































































Message from the Group CEO

Supporting Japan's Future
Our home market of Japan is on the verge of significant change. Since the new government came to power in 2012, we have seen early signs of an economic recovery. To build on this momentum, we need to look hard at what the country requires and how we can contribute.
Given that Japan is the world's largest creditor nation and has the world's fastest aging population, one area that requires attention is the creation of a new social framework. At the same time, we need to revise the structure of our financial system. For Japan to grow sustainably into the future, the capital markets will have to play a more prominent role. Indeed, Japan's approximately ¥1,500 trillion in personal financial assets holds the key to the country's future growth. Nomura aims to support this growth by facilitating the flow of funds throughout the economy.
Connecting Markets East & West
Asia is expected to account for half of the world's GDP by 2050 and will no doubt remain the growth engine of the global economy over the coming years. However, for the region to realize its full potential, Asian countries must finance the large-scale infrastructure projects required to underpin economic growth. Japan can play a leading role here, growing together with the rest of Asia by putting its financial assets to work across the region. With Asia as our home market, this is an area in which Nomura has a distinct competitive advantage.
As economies around the world mature and become increasingly global, companies and investors in the West are looking East for growth opportunities. As the only Japanese financial institution with a truly global network, Nomura is well placed to connect markets in the East and the West by leveraging our franchise to provide liquidity in the world's capital markets. By meeting the needs of our global client base and expanding our business, we can contribute to economic growth and social development.
In doing so, we aim to win the trust of our clients and society as we work towards being Asia's global investment bank.

×


Nomura History



×


Diversity & corporate citizenship

Corporate citizenship
Investing in the communities where we operate is an integral part of our business model and our culture. Every day we think creatively for our clients and our capacity for innovation also gives us the ability to drive societal change – that is at the heart of our award-winning Community Affairs program.
In all our work with local communities, our approach is underpinned by a desire to make life better for future generations. In practice, this means investing in young people and leveling the playing field, so that everyone has a better chance to grow and succeed, regardless of their socioeconomic background.
Nomura is committed to contributing to sustainable development through our core business and corporate activities in order to make the world a better place for future generations.
With the support of Nomura employees’ as volunteers, initiatives and fund raising events have included the Power Lunch mentoring and literacy program, Parkinson's Unity Walk, MuckFest MS, Dress for Success and Make-A-Wish Family day amongst other monthly volunteering programs organised.
Diversity and inclusion
We believe that attracting, developing and retaining the most talented people with the broadest experiences positively affects the bottom line. By fostering an inclusive culture, we are working to create an organization where impressive people can build their careers. Our people should be valued for the work they do and be respected for their contributions.
One of the ways we encourage people to connect with others is through our employee networks, Women in Nomura (WIN), LGBT and Employee Life and Families (ELF). Through formal and informal events, participants are able to exchange ideas and receive support on both career and family related topics. By supporting the development of employee networks and communities of interest, we are breaking down silos and strengthening relationships across the globe.

×




Our Business
Built to value ideas


Intellectual Capital in Action 
Get a unique perspective from our international experts – Connecting Markets East & West.









We have a client-centric model and continue to make significant enhancements to our investment banking platform, global distribution, structuring expertise and product capabilities.
We continue to significantly increase our global footprint where we believe we have a competitive advantage and can best serve our clients, employees and shareholders. By putting our clients at the center of everything we do, we provide high value-added solutions and contribute to economic growth as Asia’s global investment bank.

Investment Banking

Global Markets

Corporate Infrastructure









Annisa Lee 
Head of Flow Credit Analysis, Asia ex-Japan










Kevin Gaynor 
Global Head of Asset Allocation Strategy










George Goncalves 
Head of US Rates Strategy










Selim Toker 
Hedging Balance Sheet Risk










Nick Kenworthy 
Head of Research Sales, UK










Richard Byworth 
Head of Multi Strategy Sales, Asia ex-Japan












Investment Banking

Our Investment Banking Division provides a variety of advisory and capital-raising solutions to corporations, financial institutions, governments and public-sector organizations around the world. Our global teams act as geographic, product and industry specialists.
Corporate Finance Advisory: Sector and country coverage professionals are critical in identifying and analyzing deal opportunities and managing client relationships. The ideas generated can have a tremendous impact on a sector.
Global Finance and Capital Raising: Global Finance is a combination of product experts, who are focused on providing tailor-made client solutions in debt or equity financing. The group works closely with Corporate Finance, M&A and Global Markets to originate structure and execute deals across the globe.
We deliver Asia to our clients – accessing deep pools of liquidity and dynamic growth markets, with cross-border collaborations in M&A, DCM, ECM, and solutions businesses.

×


Global Markets

Nomura's Global Markets Division handles client transactions for financial institutions, corporates, governments and investment funds around the world. We act as market makers, trading in fixed income and equity securities, including currencies, interest rates and credit in cash, derivatives and structured products. We have taken market-leading positions across the globe by leveraging the strength of our talent, client relationships and technology.
By developing strong relationships with our client base through consistent interaction, independent advice and pre-eminent access to Asia, we have built a powerful global franchise across interest rates, currency and credit products. Our client services cover both high-volume flow products and carefully tailored structured solutions. We have adapted to the changing financial landscape to build a client centric focus differentiated by innovation, electronic and service excellence and market-leading derivatives capabilities.

×


Corporate Infrastructure

Our Corporate Infrastructure Division is what underpins the success of the entire organization. It is internationally renowned and structured to deliver a world-class client service. We rely on it to build and support the business, helping us deliver innovative financial solutions that set Nomura apart in the global marketplace.
In our highly competitive and fast-paced industry, strong infrastructure teams are fundamental to our success. Work in these areas (Compliance, Finance, Operations or Technology) with us and you will operate at the forefront of your field, as well as gaining a valuable insight into how Nomura operates on a global scale.

×



Our People
Talented people drive our business forward


Nomura believes in harnessing the ambition of talented and intelligent people to drive our business forward. Our graduates' entrepreneurial spirits are helping us to realize our strategy to become Asia's global investment banking. Hear how Nomura impressed them, their experiences as interns and graduates and the evolution of their roles and responsibilities since joining.






Charmaine Chong
Investment Banking

Charmaine Chong - Investment Banking, Singapore


Graduated in Liberal Arts with a focus in Economics, Vassar College, USA, 2011

For most liberal arts students, investment banking may not seem like a natural career choice. I was initially skeptical as well. Although an analyst position provides the fast-paced working environment with high expectations I was looking for, I was concerned that my limited finance knowledge compared to students with a business-related degree would hold me back. However, as I went through the recruiting process, I realized that investment banks are looking for more than just the right answers to technical questions – they also value the diversity in thought and depth of communication and interpersonal skills that liberal arts graduates can bring to the table.
While the first few weeks as an intern or analyst can be daunting, especially for those without a finance background, Nomura has structured a training program that accelerates the learning curve. With a comprehensive curriculum and warm and consistent mentoring to support one’s learning, the only other necessity is a passion to improve and to deliver high-quality work.
There were two things I was greatly appreciative of within days of joining Nomura: the strong team spirit and the willingness of my colleagues to consider all opinions and ideas. Even as an intern, I was integrated immediately into and considered part of the team. My responsibilities and contributions grew along with my capabilities, regardless of my title.
Having served in both capital markets and corporate finance sides of investment banking, I’m grateful for the in-depth exposure to a wide variety of financial products and companies across Asia. In my current role as an analyst in the corporate finance team, I’m constantly juggling different deals with different clients, deliverables and deadlines – what excites me especially is when the work my team produces benefits our clients’ growth strategies.
Nomura continues to expand rapidly. Building on our significant momentum, we continue to generate new business opportunities. This is the place for graduates looking for a stimulating and intellectually challenging environment and who want to be an integral part of an exciting future.

×




Christopher Read
Corporate Infrastructure

Christopher Read - Finance


BSc in Banking, Finance & Management, Loughborough University

The opportunity to be given real work and responsibility from day one impressed me and was a key reason I applied to Nomura. As an intern in the Fixed Income Product Control team I was responsible for producing daily profit and loss statements, which included reconciling various data feeds, comparing desk estimates and communicating any discrepancies to the traders. This gave me great exposure across the desk and with the traders. As I became more confident and efficient, I was given additional products and traders to cover.
Nomura excels at providing real opportunities to interns and graduates. In the current economic climate there are many challenges but also opportunities to get more involved. I have increasingly been given more responsibility, while some of my friends are still doing similar roles to when they started. 
The graduate training included technical and soft skills sessions. The soft skills "Delivering powerful presentations" training was particularly valuable - our pitches were recorded and then replayed, which was really helpful and informative.
My responsibilities have steadily grown since joining the rotational graduate program. I have been heavily involved in several insightful pieces of analysis for senior management. In Cost Management & Analytics I developed an internal cost allocation process, improved the content and insight of internal Management Information (MI) and worked on delivering several cost saving initiatives. In the Regulatory Reporting team I have taken ownership of several key processes and reports and recently played a key project role in the delivery and reporting of the new CRDIV Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) to the UK Regulator (PRA).
My top tip for future interns is flexibility and networking. You have to be flexible in your approach to work. Be ready to take on new projects and tasks that may be outside your remit. Be proactive and don’t be afraid to challenge the status quo.

×




Clarence Nahan
Investment Banking

Clarence Nahan - Investment Banking, London


Masters in Management, ESCP Europe

Route to Nomura: I joined the full time program after being an intern for 10 months at Lehman Brothers
Since joining I have increasingly been exposed to the firm’s deal flow and I have worked on landmark transactions like the Moncler €784m IPO. I have really been able to make an impact and take ownership of key work streams. Moreover, since my arrival, the team has expanded with the arrival of new analysts and interns, allowing me to mentor them and share all the training that I had received as a junior banker. Over the past years I have also been more involved in Nomura’s citizenship initiatives - volunteering at our partner secondary school as a visiting French teacher.
The Equity Capital Markets team focuses on Nomura's largest corporate clients. As a team we provide advisory and execution capabilities on cash-equity-related products including: IPOs, rights issues, ABBs (strategic or financial stake divestment) and a range of other strategic dialogues, like stake building, dividend policy and capital structure.
Nomura gives you the chance to be part of a new story in investment banking. We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up quickly. You need to be bright, full of energy and have a long-term view. 
I'm very excited about my future here. At Nomura, we are not bogged down with major reputational issues - instead we're concentrating on building our franchise. Our move to our current landmark office in the City (of London) was a symbol of this commitment to Europe.
I interview many of our graduates. We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills plus a keen interest in markets.

×




Elisabeth Kilbane
Global Markets

Elisabeth Kilbane, Global Markets, New York


Majored in Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)

Route to Nomura: The summer before my senior year of college, I interned with Nomura and at the end of the summer, I received and accepted an offer of full-time employment.
To prepare for my interview, I read up on current events and the markets, and I considered in advance the personal experiences that had led me to applying. I also researched Nomura itself, so that I understood the firm’s role in the global finance landscape. My advice is to stay calm during the interview. You may be asked some technical questions that are difficult to prepare for ahead of time. Give the questions your best shot, but don't let them overwhelm you or cloud the rest of your interview. 
During my internship, I was given the opportunity to work on projects with very senior people. I was trusted to take responsibility for projects and expected to contribute in a meaningful way right from the start. Because of this, there were high expectations for development throughout the program, and I felt as though my mentors were pushing me towards goals in my product knowledge. This challenging yet supportive environment proved to be an excellent learning experience, and I learned more in my summer with Nomura than I had in any previous internship. 
Having never worked in financial markets before, I was very unsure of what to expect going into my summer internship. I walked into training knowing only the basics of finance, and I expected the experience to be overwhelming and highly competitive. However, I found my peers and mentors to be extremely helpful throughout my summer at Nomura. 
I believe the key to a successful internship is to express a genuine interest in the products. Interns should work to understand to the best of their ability, the products of the desks they rotate through. You can demonstrate your knowledge by showing real curiosity and asking intelligent questions. While meeting a lot of people is of course important, the value of this is increased tremendously by having high quality conversations and leaving a positive impression on those you meet.

×




George Robinson
Investment Banking

George Robinson, Investment Banking, New York


Economics degree, Brigham Young University

Nomura has several major strengths. The first is its Asian connection. Research analysts agree that a lot of investment will be coming out of Asia in the next several years, especially Japan, and given the difference in culture, it is extremely helpful that Nomura has the connections and the knowledge to know how to deal with Asian buyers. Nomura is also a place where I will be given the opportunity to make real contributions and where I would have the best opportunity to learn and develop myself. 
I prepared for interviews by studying the finance and accounting topics I knew were important in interviews and practiced how to answer interview questions well. I also networked with professionals from Nomura and learned about the firm and got tips from them about how to interview well at Nomura. In addition to these things, I would also advise students who are about to apply for internships to regularly read the news, specifically the Wall Street Journal, and be able to talk about important and trending topics.
A typical day for me as an intern in the Industrials group would start just before 9am and if there wasn’t a deck that needed to be printed or some work finalized, I would catch up on the news. Around 9:30 I would meet with members of the deal team and we would go over what we had done so far and what else was needed.
From that point until around 12pm I would work on some aspect of the deal or pitch. This work varied greatly. On one particular pitch I spent a great deal of time helping create the strategic positioning pages for a company, the strategic buyer list with associated rationale and I helped build the model. 

                            After lunch we would circle up again and discuss what changes we would want to make and how to better present what
 we had. Throughout the afternoon there could be various meetings that I would attend. These could consist of sitting in on client or industry specialist calls or meeting with mentors or senior bankers.

                            At around 6.30pm most people would order dinner and eat together. After dinner we would circle up again and figure out what our next steps were and from that point until sometime between 11pm and 1am we would work. There are a lot of ebbs and flows in the work, and this was a typical day when we were particularly busy preparing for an important pitch. 
The people at Nomura are some of the most down-to-earth and nicest people I’ve had the fortune of working with. Given these things I’m very happy that I chose Nomura and I couldn’t imagine now having made any other choice.

×




Ifiok Ekwere
Investment Banking

Ifiok Ekwere - Investment Banking, London


Joint Honors Bachelors degree in Biology and Management, Imperial College London

What impressed me about Nomura was the structure of the internship program. From a non-finance background I was keen to complete an internship in a bank where I would have the opportunity to learn as much as I could about the industry and to understand where my skill set would be best suited. Before the internship I thought I would be most suited to an Equities role, however, rotating between Equities and Fixed Income helped me realize my skill set and interests were much better suited to a role in Fixed Income. 
As an intern my typical day started at around 6.30am. I was responsible for summarizing key points in our trading meeting and updating the team. I attended desk-specific meetings to organise the day’s tasks before the markets opened for trading. After trading, I would review the days' trades with the settlement teams to ensure they had been booked correctly. On the FX Sales desk I also built an Excel model that was used as a platform to structure sales strategies.
As an Associate my typical day starts around 7.30am with a morning meeting call. I then put together a summary of the news highlights from Bloomberg relating to the companies that we manage in our loan portfolio. During earnings season, I will put together earnings summaries and circulate these to the relevant teams and people within the bank. If there is a 'live' deal being assessed by the desk, there will often be a series of meetings with colleagues across the Investment Banking, Finance and Risk Management divisions to discuss and analyse the merits of the deal before it is sent to the necessary approval committees. 
A highlight for me was the Management Buy-Out of Iceland Foods – it was the first deal I was responsible for from start to finish and it was a thrill to see it announced in the news upon completion!
As a graduate I have been involved in a number of well-known EMEA / Americas transactions. I find the investment banking industry fascinating and am looking forward to gaining more experience and progressing at an even faster pace with my career over the next few years.

×




Jaap Tanke
Global Markets

Jaap Tanke - Global Markets, London


Masters in Finance, University of Amsterdam

Route to Nomura: After I graduated, I immediately joined the Global Markets summer internship program and at the end of the program I received an offer to join full time.
What initially impressed me about Nomura was the open culture and how approachable the people were.

During my internship I rotated between the Managed Accounts desk in Equities and the Corporate Equity derivatives team. In the first rotation, I assisted the team with small tasks as they were in the middle of launching a new fund. In my second rotation I learned how to price different option structures with in-house software researched specific stocks and contributed towards different slides of pitch book presentations.
The intern training was very helpful. The Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters training ensured I was up to speed to complete tasks while on the desk. There were a lot of networking opportunities and we also contributed towards raising money for the charity Rainbow Trust by organizing different activities for employees to sponsor the interns. The cross divisional activities ensured we met with fellow interns across the firm.
As a graduate I had immediate exposure to clients (after completing my FCA qualification). The immediate exposure allowed me to build key relationships which have resulted in doing day to day business with some top accounts now. My focus at the moment is to become a specialist in one specific product, in order to eventually become the go-to person for my clients in this product.
My top advice for an intern is to explore the firm; sit with different desks and divisions as this will give you a very good overview of the different positions available at a global investment bank. In addition, try to add value on top of your main day to day tasks; this will demonstrate that you are eager and a hard worker.

×




Joyce Su
Global Markets

Joyce Su - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Graduated with an MA in Mathematics of Finance, Columbia University, 2010

I returned to Asia after working and studying in the US for a number of years. What motivated me to join Nomura when I moved back is its reputation - it's the best bank in Asia, with a growing global reach. The people here also influenced my decision: from my first interview they gave me their time and expertise so that I could find the best role to match my skill set. They wanted me to maximize my career potential, as well as match me to an area that would benefit them - it was a two-way decision.
What sets Nomura above other investment banks is the culture. The rapidly expanding global operations are making us a leader in the industry, and this momentum gives the bank an entrepreneurial feel. It's a place where smart people work together and encourage each other to develop their own creative ideas.
I am part of the Prime Services team, financing and structuring hedge funds for our sales people and traders. From day one I participated in so many aspects of the business and my manager was keen to get my input and opinion on our projects. In fact, he still is! I've learnt never to be afraid of bringing ideas to the table, because the managers here always give you the chance to excel. If your ideas are good, they will use them.
I'm looking forward to forging a successful career at Nomura. It's a place where you can learn and absorb knowledge quickly, and use it to move up to higher levels of responsibility. If you have the right attitude and a passion for investment banking, this is the place to be.

×




Sameer Rahman
Global Markets

Sameer Rahman - Global Markets, Singapore


Graduated in Mathematics, University of New South Wales.  MBA in International Business, University of Technology, Sydney

I never doubted that I wanted to work in investment banking, simply because the nature of the industry is such that it challenges you to push yourself to do the best you can. Joining this industry, I knew I would be working with (or competing against) some of the brightest people around which motivates me to go the extra mile.
I was attracted to Nomura because of its strong business culture, positive team environment and, most importantly, the excellent opportunities afforded to young graduates such as myself. We are growing at an incredible pace and it’s truly an exciting place to be, if one looks at the footprint we already have in this industry and what we are striving to achieve.
From the beginning, the 6 week graduate training program in London helped us strengthen our knowledge across different asset classes as well as forge meaningful relationships with our peers from the different offices across the world. It gave us the base to settle in immediately once we joined our desk.  
I was trusted to cover clients and asked to come up with trade ideas very early on. My manager was very encouraging and it gave me the confidence to learn and grow very quickly. Looking back on the past year and putting everything in perspective, joining Nomura was one of the best decisions I made. 

×




Sapna Aeri
Corporate Infrastructure

Sapna Aeri - Technology, London


Bachelors Computer Science degree, City University London

Route to Nomura: I took a third year industrial placement with Lehman Brothers, which later resulted in a role at Nomura.
I was impressed by Nomura as it appeared to be constantly growing and adapting. This meant I would be involved in new projects and new and evolving technology to cope with the greater global demand. This was (and still is) an exciting prospect!
As an intern I gained vast exposure to the variety of roles I could pursue. I attended networking events, panel discussions and lunch & learn sessions. The thought of working in an investment bank was initially quite intimidating, however I was surprised at how freely I was able to interact with colleagues of varying seniority, allowing me to build a strong network and experience a range of outlooks and perspectives.
The graduate training was really useful. With a background in IT, I had limited understanding of banking, so it was useful to gain a more detailed understanding. We have had further product specific training and personal development sessions since then, which is great for understanding how you are being perceived by others and how to present yourself in different situations.
Every day you learn something new; I could be holding discussions with the desk, brokers or development team, or discussing new ideas, projects and enhancements to our current systems. My responsibilities span from kicking off and looking after projects for the desk, managing system upgrades and testing, as well as ensuring trade flows are being handled correctly. I am learning about option trading directly from the desk and the management of the trades through testing on our FX options platform. As banking evolves and changes, I have the opportunity to learn about the new technology on offer, scope out new requirements and see the projects through from start to end.
Since joining as a graduate I have progressed to the position of Senior Business Analyst within FX Options technology; I have led the delivery of global high profile projects for both regulatory and business purposes and I have improved the quality of deliverables by implementing a thorough suite of testing. 

×




Sayaka Azuma
Global Markets

Sayaka Azuma - Global Markets, London


Graduated in Economics, Kobe University

After studying Economics at university I developed a passion for finance; investment banking seemed like the perfect place for me to explore the industry further. For me, Nomura was the best choice. It's famous in Japan, not only for being at the forefront of banking but also for its hard-work ethic and dynamic culture.
In my time here I have seen the fusing of traditional and new, with Nomura's acquisition of Lehman Brothers. This has formed a culture that encourages new thinking based on strong foundations, and that makes it a really interesting place to work.
As an execution trader, I receive and execute orders from our London office for Japanese stocks. I can win money very quickly, and lose it too, which makes my job really exciting. Each time I succeed, it makes me want more. That is what drives me to come to work every day. Being in constant contact with my colleagues in London also makes me feel part of an international business, not a Japanese bank. I'm not sure how many other places could offer that.
What makes Nomura an exciting place to be right now is the change we are going through. If you have ambition and drive, you can use those talents to get involved in this change process, grow the company, and really boost your career.

×




Vincent Li
Global Markets

Vincent Li - Global Markets, Hong Kong


Global Business in Finance, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, 2008

What's always made investment banking an appealing career choice for me is the dynamic nature of the industry, and the interaction you get with all kinds of people and clients. When I was selecting the starting point of my career, I wanted a place that offered me the opportunity to grow and learn quickly. Nomura is a company that is rapidly expanding its footprint across the financial world and it matched well with my career objectives.
When I first started at Nomura, I had the chance to spend six months in London on the Convertibles desk in Sales, Trading and Research, which was a great experience. When I came back to Hong Kong I moved over to the Equity Derivatives desk. Working with a team from the rest of the world, my role is about generating cross-regional trade ideas for our clients. Being able to produce profitable and unique ideas that no other investment bank offers in the market is a very satisfying feeling. This is also the driving force behind waking up every morning to anticipate another unpredictable, yet exciting day.
During the beginning, what really surprised me were the opportunities I was given at a junior level. Very early on in my role the firm was happy to publish my ideas and let me deal with clients. They were very trusting in my abilities, which I really appreciated, and this experience helped me to learn a lot quickly.
Nomura is a great place for new graduates because of the team culture, knowledge sharing and training programmes. The firm is growing very quickly- I don't think we can be matched on our current growth across the world. If you have ambition and are keen on learning, no other company will be able to give you the opportunities and exposure you're going to get here. 

×




Yuta Arndt Osada
Global Markets

Yuta Arndt Osada - Global Markets,Tokyo


Keio University

I joined Nomura because you get a lot of responsibility from a very early stage, and everyone works together as a team to meet client needs.
My typical day starts with a morning meeting from 7:10am to share information and have discussions on the stock price from the previous day. We start calling clients from 8:00am with the information from the morning meeting.
It is always extremely busy until 9:00am as many clients prefer to be called before the market opens in order to hear the information and be prepared for the initial reaction of stocks.
After the market opens I continue to talk to clients or go back to the Analysts to have further discussions and looking at the initial stock reactions.
From 12:00pm I usually join meetings with clients or sometime corporates to hear what clients are currently interested in.
At about 3:00pm after the market closes, we often have equity deals, which makes it extremely busy again. I start calling clients to notify them of the deal and arrange road show meetings.
At 5:00pm, if a deal is launched, I join a meeting with the company. Otherwise I am usually preparing for the next day’s morning meeting or discussing stocks with our Analysts, after which I leave the office.
What sets Nomura apart from the other banks is the spirit to work together globally as a team to satisfy client needs all times. I joined the firm because of this and this is what I think differentiates us from others, and what makes it a very good place to work in.

×






Programs
We’re looking to recruit individuals who are motivated

An internship with Nomura is your opportunity to see what you could be part of. You will get first-hand experience of the possibilities a career in banking could bring you, and get a feel for our culture. You will also have the opportunity to create new networks, gain valuable on-the-job training and see what makes us the most exciting proposition in the investment banking world.
We aim to give our interns the same level of exposure as a first-year Analyst or Associate. That means you will work as a full member of the team, participating in team meetings, potentially meeting clients, forming effective working relationships and showing a real commitment to our goals and values. During the course of your internship you can expect to work closely with a buddy and have regular contact with senior mentors.


Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate infrastructure

Training Programs




If you're fascinated by the markets and their movements, cycles and patterns, then global markets is for you. Learn how we make the markets and handle major transactions for corporations, governments and investment funds around the globe. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in global markets where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office.
What's involved?
You will have an excellent introduction to the firm. Next, you will learn valuable, hands-on skills such as valuation, pricing and structuring. The emphasis here is on practical application - we will make sure that you quickly develop the technical proficiency and strong business skills you will need to thrive in this fast-moving market environment. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor and our dedicated program management team.
Sales: You will learn the skills needed to develop and maintain strong relationships with institutional clients, including pension funds, hedge funds, insurance companies and others.
                            
Trading: You will buy and sell securities in the secondary market on behalf of clients or the firm, taking responsibility for market making and capital commitment.
                            
Research: You will collect, analyze and assess industry and company information, providing keen market insight and impressive investment ideas for institutional investors and internal clients.
                            
Structuring: You will develop expertise in designing and developing innovative products and strategies tailored to specific client needs.


If it's the challenge and excitement of investment banking that drives you, then this is the route for you. The internship is designed as a spring-board to a career in investment banking where we will give you exposure to the challenges and opportunities a full-time Analyst or Associate will have in their first year with us. The full-time program, begins with orientation in New York and global training in our London office. By the time you have finished, you will have all the functional skills, technical knowledge and tools you will need for an influential career.
What's involved?
Our internship and graduate programs will give you everything you need to join the front ranks of global investment bankers. You will develop knowledge and experience in accounting, modelling, valuation and deal structuring. You will find that the emphasis is on practical application - this way you can expect to make an immediate impact. And, throughout your development, you will be supported by a buddy, a mentor, and our dedicated program management team.
Deal execution: You will work closely with clients and execution teams (lawyers, accountants, consultants and bankers) on mandated transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, capital raisings and restructurings.
                            
Client relationship management: We want to see you generating and presenting ideas at client meetings alongside senior bankers.
                            
Strategic analysis: We will train you to produce financial, structural and business risk analysis to support transactions and client presentations.
For an Associate role you must have or be completing an MBA and have relevant work experience.


If you want to gain a clear overview of a fast-moving global business, then consider choosing one of our corporate infrastructure programs. These programs in finance, operations, technology and risk will give you product-specific training in your chosen area.


Finance

Operations

Technology

Risk




Finance professionals play a critical role in creating and preserving shareholder value by providing business advice and ensuring control of the global franchise. This includes accounting, treasury, tax and regulatory services. This part of the business provides analysis and oversight, including our overall financial performance. Finance is also responsible for managing our funding and liquidity requirements and for interacting with our creditors and the rating agencies.
What's involved?
This program will provide you an opportunity to learn how we manage the flow of money in and out of the business through internal control systems. You will also enjoy an excellent overview of Nomura's performance, including revenues, expenses, regulatory capital and headcount. And you can expect to partner closely with senior business leaders in a highly collaborative and dynamic environment.


This is the organization that takes responsibility for the processing, control and settlement of Nomura's transactions. Operations provide support to the trading front office. Think of this division as the support and control infrastructure that enables Nomura to develop and deliver across the world.
What's involved?
Join Operations and you will be responsible for the management and execution of transactions in a way that maximizes profitability and minimizes risks. Expect to work closely with our sales, trading and IT teams as you develop innovative and efficient approaches to our clients' investment, liquidity and risk management needs.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in operations, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Technology at Nomura involves working with, and designing, state-of-the-art information technology and risk management systems. These are the systems that can often give us that crucial, split-second edge over our competitors. Daily tasks range from infrastructure support and deployment to in-house development of complex modeling software and applications.
What's involved?
Expect to get involved in developing new applications to implement cutting-edge standards, constantly staying at the forefront of technology. You will develop an impressive level of technical knowledge and build your skills in systems development and support, using a range of technology packages (VB, SQL, Perl, C++, Java, XML, XSLT, JSP). In addition to this, you will gain an understanding of different financial products (such as equities, bonds, futures, options, swaps, exotic derivatives and quanto) and build complex and valuable knowledge of risk management methods and techniques as well as live trade analysis.
What will I need?
To join our graduate program in technology, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.


Our risk group is responsible for identifying, analyzing and managing our risk. The information and advice they give us shapes our risk appetite and risk decisions. By continually monitoring operational, credit and market risk, we are able to make quick, strong decisions that give us the best possible standing in the global marketplace.
What's involved?
When you start in risk, you will receive all the dedicated training and support you need to prepare you for your role. Our training program will provide you with an excellent introduction to the firm, as well as hands-on skills, such as: the techniques we use to analyze risk; how to manage our risk frameworks; and how to use technology packages like SQL and VBA. With this training you will be able to make an immediate impact on our business.
                                    
Operational risk management: You will work across our business functions to ensure they are managing their operational risks effectively.
                                    
Credit risk: Alongside our credit officers, you will analyze the credit quality of hedge funds and financial institutions before we take them on as clients.
                                    
Market risk: Focused on fixed-income markets, you will evaluate our exposure in cash and derivatives, making sure all relevant data is recorded and used in daily risk calculations.
What will I need?
Join our graduate program in risk, you will need: a minimum GPA of 3.5 in any discipline; a working knowledge of the finance industry; and a dynamic and proactive attitude.




Our training program builds Nomura's pipeline of future leaders and functional experts through the successful integration and development of early tenured professionals. The global nature of our programs is a key differentiator and our graduates begin their career with us in London with participants from EMEA, US and Asia offices. We will also provide you with ongoing learning and development opportunities throughout your career.
Our training program covers various modules, which include:

An introduction to Nomura, its strategy, platform and businesses
Providing a comprehensive understanding of the Analyst and Associate role in their respective division
Equipping our Analysts and Associates with the finance/technical skills essential for their career
Promote networks for collaboration amongst global colleagues




Global Markets

Investment Banking

Corporate Infrastructure




The Global Markets training program is designed to provide our Analysts and Associates with the knowledge and the skills required to make an immediate contribution to their team. The global course is the first step in the graduates' assimilation into Nomura and the development of their career.
The curriculum combines a broad Global Markets overview, financial fundamentals and specific divisional and functional content. Participants are exposed to senior leadership through integrated business speakers, success panels and networking events. The program also emphasizes Nomura's commitment to giving back to the community through an organized philanthropic activity.
The delivery of the continuous development curriculum takes place via a broad means, including classroom sessions, senior speaker series, e-Learning, subject matter experts, mentoring programs and team-building events.


The training program is designed to provide a solid foundation in preparation for a smooth transition into investment banking at Nomura.
The program comprehensively covers: accounting, corporate finance/valuation, financial modelling, fixed income and equity product analytics and banking group overviews. Complementing the classroom learning, Analysts and Associates complete assignments, deliver presentations on financial news and attend social events arranged to facilitate teamwork and peer interaction.
Our continuing education series comprises of sessions delivered by bankers on a variety of topics such as DCM, ECM, M&A process, LBO modelling. In addition, all Analysts and Associates have the opportunity to attend soft skills training, which focus on presentation, communication skills, personal impact, negotiation skills and relationship management skills.


Nomura's Corporate Infrastructure training program comprises of online resources, classroom based technical and product training and a soft skills curriculum.
The two weeks of intensive training when graduates join offers a comprehensive introduction to banking in general, along with financial products and concepts. The training is delivered by external trainers and senior internal subject matter experts. During the initial training graduates will participate in classroom based seminars, trading simulations, business overviews and networking events.
Whatever division you join, you will benefit from ongoing performance feedback. At Nomura, our managers spend time focusing on your career development. They will dedicate considerable amounts of time to coach and mentor you, helping you to realize your full potential.










News & Campus Events
The graduates are set to enjoy great success

We arrange a number of campus events during the recruitment season, which include company presentations, skills sessions, careers fairs and networking events at various universities and business schools.
Nomura campus events provide students with an opportunity to meet with business representatives and the graduate recruitment team. Our team can provide you with application and interview advice, and we are always keen to meet talented, ambitious students on campus. You should check with your careers service for more information on Nomura events on campus.
Know Nomura Facts


No. 1 Institutional Investor All-Japan Research team ranking for the fifth consecutive year
No. 1 in Nikkei Veritas analyst ranking survey for Fixed Income Analyst / Economist survey for the fourth consecutive year
Nomura ranked #1 for FX Research in Institutional Investor’s All-America Fixed Income Research Survey
Nomura wins Best IPO: Suntory Beverage & Food $3.72bn IPO
Xstrata Glencore, $90bn joint financial advisor
Grifols acquisition of the Transfusion Diagnostics Unit of Novartis AG, $1.68bn






Apply Now
See what opportunities are available to you
Apply Here
Apply Here

Whether you are just entering the industry or an experienced professional looking for your next exciting opportunity, working at Nomura is a unique opportunity to make a difference in the industry in a way that is unprecedented. We have quite a number of roles for which we are currently accepting applications and we invite you to go through our list of global opportunities and send your CV to us.
Please click here to review current opportunities.
Please click here to view the latest Americas recruiting brochure.



Application Process

Application FAQs

Interview Tips

Mock Interview

Glossary




You will need to apply through your university or business school careers service. We accept applications from all degree disciplines. While your degree subject doesn't matter, you must be numerate, with an interest in finance and have a desire to work in the investment banking industry.
Your application will be screened and if you are invited to interviews, you should be prepared to answer questions relating to our competencies:

Problem solving/Analytics
Team skills/Professionalism
Leadership
Initiative
Communication





Does Nomura offer internship programs?

Yes, we offer 10 week internships in the Summer, as well as a 3-6 month internship within our Technology business, part time throughout the school year. 



May I apply to more than one division?

Yes. You can apply for up to three divisions, however, you should do as much research as possible beforehand. It is important to understand which business area would best match your skills set and interests. We will expect you to be able to discuss your choice, and show both enthusiasm for, and knowledge of the various roles.



What should I expect during the interview process? 

If you apply and you are selected for first-round interviews, you will have one on-campus interview or first round in our New York office. During the final round interviews, you will have four 30-minute, one-on-one interviews with senior business representatives (a banker who is vice president or above).
Find out more here.



What is Nomura looking for in candidates?


Professional presence (including communication skills, attitude, assertiveness, self confidence and a high level of maturity). 
Commitment and drive (including bias to action, resourcefulness, work ethic, drive to excel and tenacity). 
Problem solving and analytical skills (including analytical approach, logic, commercial intuition and quantitative ability).
Planning and execution (including attention to detail, results orientation, creative approach and time management skills). 
Collaboration (including relationship-building, team orientation, diplomacy and respect).
Leadership (including persuasion skills, motivating others, integrity and empathy). Throughout the CV screening and interview process, you will be assessed on these core competencies.




I've been accepted for an interview. Do you have any tips?

We want you to do your very best at interview. So take a look at our section on interview tips. In this section, you can complete a mock interview and read our guide on interview etiquette.



Will Nomura sponsor work authorization? 

Yes, we will sponsor those students we offer, but the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services will ultimately make the final decision as to whether this will be granted.





There is no need to be nervous at interview - we want you to do well and to show us your potential and what you can do. Preparation is essential and well prepared candidates are more confident, provide more thorough and focused answers and are therefore more likely to be successful.
Use our step by step guide to ensure you take the time to prepare wisely; the key is to ensure your preparation is carefully planned and focused.

Step 1

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4

Step 5




Focus - Structure and Plan your Preparation
Preparing for, and being interviewed is similar to sitting an exam; you won’t have time to cover everything, instead you will need to identify the key points and focus on the relevant material.
Firstly, you should congratulate yourself in being selected for interview stage and have confidence in your ability. Then, ask yourself the following questions:

What will the interviewers want to know?
                                        
An interview is not an opportunity to divulge everything you know- instead you need to focus on what is relevant to the company and the position you’re applying for
To identify what is most relevant, you will need to fully understand the role, it’s requirements and the key skills and competencies required


How are you going to sell yourself?
                                        
What is your unique selling point? I.e. what sets you apart from the competition?
How do you want the interviewers to remember you after the interview – what key points do you want them to recall?


How will you be assessed?
                                        
You can’t start your preparation until you know what you are preparing for
Read the interview format thoroughly to identify how you will be assessed (i.e. Interviews, case study exercises, and tests). If you’re unsure – ask.


What are the core competencies required for the role?
                                        
Your interview performance and ultimately if you are successful or not, will be dependent on how you perform against core competencies
Identify what are the key competencies required for the role and for the company
What examples do you have to demonstrate each competency? Have you considered examples outside academia (i.e. sports, music, drama, volunteering, charity, mentoring, societies or other extracurricular activities) 
What achievements are you most proud of and why – which competency do they demonstrate?





Interview Questions
Interviewers will use a variety of questions to assess your ability against each competency. Ensure you are familiar with each type of question and how to structure your answers accordingly.
Types of interview questions may include:

Competency based questions
                                        
These require you to provide a real life example to explain how you behaved in a certain situation. Past behaviour is used as an indicator to assess potential future performance
Delivering a structured answer is crucial - research the STAR method to guide you
Top Tip: Ensure your examples are varied and recent (the more recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


Technical questions
                                        
Practice! There are many online resources or books available with practice questions
Questions may include basic accounting, valuation, brain teasers and mental arithmetic
Top tip: Brain teasers – the key is not the answer; it is the how you derive at the answer. The interviewer is assessing your ability to formulate a logical and methodical response


CV, cover letter and application questions
                                        
Ensure you have thoroughly re-read each document and identify any obvious questions
Top tip: Practice articulating your experience in a concise and structured manner out loud (it doesn’t always sound the same as when you practice in your head). 


Industry related questions
                                        
Interviewers will assess your interest, understanding and industry knowledge
Top tip: Form an opinion – digest the information you read and form your own judgment. Use facts and statistics to back up your conclusions





Research
There are a number of readily available resources to help you prepare. Make sure you fully utilise all resources available to you. These may include:

Online resources: Company website, press releases, annual reports, research publications, social media and online forums
School career services and recruitment events 
Networks – academic Staff, alumni, peers, family and friends – even if they do not have a financial services background, they can help you practice questions 



Your Questions
An interview is a two way process. It is an opportunity for you to assess if the company, role and culture is right for you. You will be given time to ask questions at the end of the interview, so you should ensure you use this time wisely. 

Plan questions to ask in advance - ensure they are relevant, well-thought-out and to the point
Show you’ve done your research and use the opportunity to demonstrate your interest



Plan the Interview Day
Preparing as much as possible in advance of your interview day will remove many of the inevitable nerves associated with the process.

Before the interview:
                                        
Dress professionally. Plan you outfit the day before and ensure you wear corporate attire
Be Punctual. Plan your route and account for delays in public transport
Aim to arrive 15 minutes before your interview start time. Contact us if problems arise and ensure you have noted the name and contact details of who to contact should this happen
Take a notebook, a pen (that works) and a calculator. Take a copy of your CV and application form
Remember: Be polite to everyone you meet, your interview begins as soon as you walk through the door of the building ore recent the past behaviour; the greater the indication of future ability)


During the Interview:
                                        
Ensure your cell phone is turned off
Greet your interviewer(s) with a firm handshake. Remember their name(s)
Maintain eye contact with your interviewer(s) and be aware of your body language – sit upright, don’t fidget and smile!
Listen carefully to questions you are asked. If you are unclear about anything, ask for clarification
Be honest. Back up your answers with real examples. If you exaggerate or lie it will show up in pre-employment checks
Relax - whether you are successful or not, the interview is a valuable learning experience. Make sure you get something out of it.
Close the interview – thank your interviewer for their time. If you’ve enjoyed the experience and you look forward to hearing about the next steps – tell us


After your Interview:
                                        
Be responsive. Following the interview, go back to your recruiter and continue to build a relationship
If you are offered a position it is unprofessional to renege (to accept and then later decline). This could be the first impression you create in the industry - you never know what the future holds









Q: Tell me about yourself

This is one of the most popular interview questions. It allows the interviewer to assess how you react in an unstructured situation and you answer provides an insight to what you think is most important.
Tip – focus on what will be of most interest to the interviewers. Ensure your answer is structured, brief and highlights your most important achievements.
Follow up questions may include:

Why did you choose your place of study? 
What courses have you most / least enjoyed and why?
Talk me through your internship experiences
What are you interests and hobbies (outside academic)? 
What are the most important things to you in a job?




Q: Why Banking?

We look for people who have a strong interest in investment banking. Interview Questions will determine how motivated you are and your rationale behind your decisions.

Why do you want to work in investment banking?
What do you think an Analyst does on a typical day?
Why are you interested in this division?
Where do you see yourself in five years? Ten years?
Explain the financial crisis 
If I gave you a million dollars today, how would you invest your money?
Which business publications do you read and why?




Q: Why Nomura?

We want to employ graduates who are passionate about joining Nomura and representing our brand

Why do you want to work for Nomura? 
What differentiates us from our competitors?
What is the share price of Nomura today?
What do you hope to get out of a job?
What other banks are you interviewing with?




Q: Skills

Your interviewer’s want to understand what sets you apart from the competition - sell yourself.

Why should we hire you? 
What skills have you got that make you suited to the role?
What are your strengths/development areas?
What is your greatest achievement and why?




Competency Questions

Show us proof that you are the kind of graduate we are looking for. Give concrete examples from any aspect of your life that show where you have personally made a difference.

Tell me about a time when you were creative
Tell me about a time when you had to manage conflicting priorities
Tell me about when you have missed an important deadline
What has been your biggest failure, professional or personal - and what did you learn?
Describe an occasion when you have had difficulties working in a team
What is the biggest risk you have ever taken?
How would you deal with a difficult client that puts you under pressure?
If a client told you that they wanted to improve their portfolio performance in the next 12 months, what would you suggest as potential strategies




Tips from our Graduates


Understand how the bank operates, the different roles available and the characteristics and tasks that each role entails
Don’t regurgitate generic questions and answers; it is quite obvious to those who work in the industry when someone has spent time reading and understanding concepts and news
Be yourself! It is important that the interviewer can see your personality in order to stand out from the rest
Keep up to date with relevant news - understand the current drivers in the industry
Do the obvious – read the latest annual report and CEO’s letter. Gain an insight into the firms values and strategy
We look for people with strong analytical and interpersonal skills, plus a keen interest in markets and equities. 
We want candidates with the energy and the maturity to step up to quite senior positions quickly – ensure you demonstrate your ability to do this
Use your Careers services – they have direct contact with the recruiters and can offer invaluable advice you cannot find online
Be proactive - speak to graduates at fairs and presentations to get the ‘inside information’






Asset and Liability Management (ALM): the practice of managing risks that arise due to mismatches between assets and liabilities of the financial institution.
Bond: an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders. It is a debt security, under which the issuer owes the holders a debt and, depending on the terms of the bond, is obliged to pay them interest (the coupon) and/or to repay the principal at a later date, termed the maturity date
CAGR: “Compound Annual Growth Rate” – the year-over-year percentage growth rate of an investment over a specified period of time 
Capex: Acronym meaning Capital Expenditures, that are funds used by a company to acquire or upgrade physical assets such as property, industrial buildings or equipment. This type of outlay is made by companies to maintain or increase the scope of their operations
D&A: Acronym meaning Depreciation and Amortization, a category of expenditure by which a company gradually records the loss in value of a tangible (Depreciation) and Intangible (Amortization) asset
Deleveraging: Reduction of the leverage ratio, or the percentage of debt in the balance sheet of a single economic entity, such as a household or a firm.
Discount rate: The interest rate used in discounted cash flow analysis to determine the present value of future cash flows. The discount rate takes into account the time value of money (the idea that money available now is worth more than the same amount of money available in the future because it could be earning interest) and the risk or uncertainty of the anticipated future cash flows (which might be less than expected).
EBITDA: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization
EBIT: Acronym meaning Earnings Before Interest and Taxes
ETF: Exchange traded funds. An exchange traded fund is an investment fund traded on stock exchanges, just like stocks. An ETF holds assets such as stocks, commodities or bonds, and trades close to its net asset value over the course of the trading day.
EV: “Enterprise Value” – Equal to Equity Value plus Net Debt (or minus Net Cash)
FCF: “Free Cash Flow” – Measure of cash generation used in fundamental valuation of a business. Equal to EBIT x (1 - tax rate) + depreciation and amortisation - changes in working capital - capex 
Forward interest rates: An interest rate that is specified now for a loan that will occur at a specified future date. As with current interest rates, forward interest rates include a term structure that shows the different forward rates offered to loans of different maturities.
Hedge: an investment made in order to reduce the risk of adverse price movements in a security, by taking an offsetting position in a related security, such as options or short sales.
LTM: Acronym meaning Last Twelve Months
IRR: Acronym meaning internal rate of return. The IRR corresponds to the rate of return on an investment. The IRR of a project is the discount rate that will give it a net present value of zero
Market Cap: Market capitalisation or market cap is a value of a corporation as determined by the market price of its common stock (shares). It is calculated by multiplying the number of outstanding shares by the current market price of the share
Market liquidity: an asset's ability to be sold without causing a significant movement in the price and with minimum loss of value.
Opex: Acronym meaning Operating Expenditures, a category of expenditure that a business incurs as a result of performing its normal business operations 
Payout ratio: The amount of earnings paid out in dividends to shareholders
Shareholder loan: an instrument used to distribute cash to shareholders while minimising a company’s tax liability. Not typically included within net debt 
Swap: highly liquid financial derivative instruments in which two parties agree to exchange interest rate cash flows, based on a specified notional amount from a fixed rate to a floating rate (or vice versa) or from one floating rate to another.
Swaption: An option granting its owner the right but not the obligation to enter into an underlying interest rate swap. A payer swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap where they pay the fixed leg and receive the floating leg. A receiver swaption gives the owner of the swaption the right to enter into a swap in which they will receive the fixed leg, and pay the floating leg.
Ultimate forward rate (UFR): the theoretical forward interest rate to which forward rates converge. 
Yield to maturity: Discount rate at which the sum of all future cash flows from the bond (coupons and principal) is equal to the price of the bond.


Apply Here
Apply Here





Google Plus


Linkedin


YouTUBE


Twitter





























Nomura AMERICAS : About NAM Americas  GlobalJapanEuropeAMERICASSizeLargeSmall

 


HomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesFundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information

You are here : AMERICAS Home


About NAM Americas


 




About Nomura Asset



The Nomura Asset Management Group is a leading global investment manager which manages over US$319 billion of assets.  Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura has additional investment offices throughout the world including London, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, Frankfurt and New York. With a global workforce of over 1,200 employees it has been operating in Europe for the past 30 years.
Today Nomura Asset Management provides its clients with a wide range of innovative investment strategies including global, regional and single country equities, high yield bonds, alternative investments and global fixed income strategies.

A better focus
Nomura Asset Management is a global investment manager with a single objective worldwide: to deliver consistent outperformance whilst providing exceptional standards of client service. To this end we manage our portfolios actively, using a value-orientated investment philosophy, underpinned by dedicating significant resources to fundamental research.
What makes us different from other investment managers is not what we do, but how we do it. Like everyone else, we can see the big picture - but what we don't do is rely upon it.
We look beyond the consensus view, carrying out our own extensive research and refusing to accept things at face value.
The way we see it, the difference between success and failure is often the ability to spot something that others might overlook, identifying and capturing small opportunities. By keeping a close, constant watch on all the markets in which we operate - backed by stringent analysis and research - we can exploit these opportunities to the full, at the same time ensuring we do even the simplest things well and with consistency.
Credentials and credibility
Secure and stable foundationsThe Nomura group of companies was founded in 1873. By the early 1920s it had grown to be the dominant force in Japanese financial services. Building on this success, the group entered the global arena in the 1950s.
Focused on investment managementThe group's investment management activities are represented by Nomura Asset Management - Japan's largest independent investment manager and one of the industry's leading global players. Headquartered in Tokyo, Nomura Asset Management has dedicated investment management operations in London, Frankfurt, Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Malaysia and New York. Assets under management total $309 billion and the organisation employs 1,266 people around the globe, including 370 investment professionals.
Extensive international client baseNomura Asset Management counts among its clients many of the leading public and corporate pension funds, central banks, endowments, foundations, financial institutions, mutual funds, and individual investors from Europe to the Americas and the Middle East to the Pacific Basin.
Key Facts
$319 billion total AUMManaged across a wide range of strategies for a diversified client base
261 portfolio managersLocated strategically around the world
61 research professionalsOn the ground, in regular contact with the companies we invest in
7,167 company contactsThe number of research meetings we conduct in 2014
30 yearsOur long-term proprietary database holds over 30 years of analytical data
Source: NAM U.K., as at 30th June 2015

For more information please contact us

vpath=about/index&siteName=nam-usaPage Top

Print Outsub menu start from hereHomeAbout NAM AmericasCompany HistoryOur PhilosophyPrivacy PolicyInvestment SolutionsNomura Corporate Research and Asset Management Inc.Nomura Global Alpha LLCInstitutional StrategiesInternational (EAFE) Equity StrategyAsia Ex-Japan Equity StrategyJapan Equity StrategyJapan Small Cap. Equity StrategyGlobal Fixed Income StrategyPacific Basin Equity StrategyPacific Basin Ex-Japan Equity Strategy FundsDaily Fund Pricing Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc.Korea Equity Fund, Inc.NewslettersRequest for InformationContact usGlobal LocationsRequest for More InformationRequest for Fund Information related areafooter menu start from hereSitemapFAQsFeedback DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyCookiesAccessibility PolicyCOPYRIGHT © 2007 - 2017 NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.











Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.



















Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.







﻿


Home | NOMURA



















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search







































































FY2017/18 Q1 Financial Results











Nomura Report 2016







About Our Brand







Nomura at a Glance







Diversity & Inclusion









Tweets by @nomuraYour access to Twitter is blocked. Please try accessing with a different device or follow @nomura using a Twitter account.



















News Releases
more





July 21, 2017
Nomura Individual Investor Survey July 2017 (PDF 376KB)


July 11, 2017
Nomura Appoints Fred Jallot as Head of Global Markets, EMEA (PDF 22KB)




RSS













Information





June 23, 2017
IR
113th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders


June 16, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 226KB)


May 26, 2017
IR
Presentation: Investor Day


February 23, 2017
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 25KB)


July 11, 2016
Topics
Important: Fraudulent Activity, Scams, and Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 23KB)


November 6, 2015
Topics
Surrender of Banking License in Labuan, Malaysia (PDF 29KB)


October 20, 2015
Topics
Important: Unauthorized Use of Nomura Brand (PDF 36KB)


March 26, 2015
Topics
Nomura to Support Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games as Gold Partner in Securities Category










News Release Subscription Service
Request a Printed Nomura Report (Annual Report)


Modern Slavery Act Statements
Web Accessibility Test results based on JIS X 8341-3:2010 "8. Assessment"



















Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers




























Careers | NOMURA


















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search








































Careers





Please select a region



Americas




Asia-Pacific




India




Japan

English
Japanese





Europe




Employees are Nomura's greatest asset








Today women pursue work and other commitments in many different ways. The Nomura Group will work alongside all its employees to help realize their career aspirations.

Career x Life Styles










Engage in a team of members from all around the globe, with different skills and experiences to help you discover new perspectives and values.

Growth x Exploration










Collaboration among diverse individuals produces strength and flexibility.

Diversity x Workplace
















Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers



























﻿


Group Companies | NOMURA
















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search






















Group Companies
The Nomura Group is a financial services group comprising Nomura Holdings and its subsidiaries in Japan and overseas.

Nomura Holdings,Inc
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is a holding company with controlling stakes in companies that conduct investment and financial services business with an emphasis on securities businesses.





Company Outline
Management Structure
Business Execution
Advisory Board



Directors
Executive Officers
Senior Managing Directors



History
Articles of Incorporation
Map







Japan




Nomura Securities




Nomura Asset Management




The Nomura Trust and Banking




Nomura Babcock & Brown




Nomura Capital Investment




Nomura Investor Relations




Nomura Funds Research and Technologies




Nomura Research & Advisory




Nomura Business Services




Nomura Facilities




Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research




Nomura Healthcare




Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory




Nomura Financial Products & Services




Nomura Institute of Estate Planning




N-Village






International




Nomura Americas (Disclosures | Offices)




Nomura EMEA (Disclosures | Offices)




Nomura Asia ex-Japan (Offices)




Instinet Incorporated (Website | Offices)































Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers




























Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 6:32 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nomura Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nomura Holdings, Inc. provides various financial services to individuals, corporations, financial institutions, governments, and governmental agencies worldwide. It operates through three segments: Retail, Asset Management, and Wholesale. The Retail segment offers various financial products and investment services for individuals and corporations. As of March 31, 2017, this segment operated a network of 158 branches. The Asset Management segment is involved in the development and management of investment trusts, which offers low risk/low return products and high risk/high return products, as well as products for various investor needs; and provision of investment advisory services to public ...
Nomura Holdings, Inc. provides various financial services to individuals, corporations, financial institutions, governments, and governmental agencies worldwide. It operates through three segments: Retail, Asset Management, and Wholesale. The Retail segment offers various financial products and investment services for individuals and corporations. As of March 31, 2017, this segment operated a network of 158 branches. The Asset Management segment is involved in the development and management of investment trusts, which offers low risk/low return products and high risk/high return products, as well as products for various investor needs; and provision of investment advisory services to public pension funds, private pension funds, governments and their agencies, central banks, and institutional investors. The Wholesale segment engages in the research, sale, trading, and market-making of fixed income and equity-related products. It is also involved in underwriting various securities and other financial instruments, which include various stocks, convertible and exchangeable securities, investment grade debts, sovereign and emerging market debts, high yield debt, structured securities, and other securities; arranging private placements, as well as other capital raising activities; and the provision of financial advisory services on business transactions, including mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, capital structuring, corporate defense activities, leveraged buyouts, and risk solutions. In addition, this segment offers various financial instruments, such as equity securities, debt securities, investment trusts, and variable annuity insurance products for the short, medium, and long-term. The company was formerly known as The Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Nomura Holdings, Inc. in October 2001. Nomura Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Detailed Description


1-9-1 NihonbashiChuo-kuTokyo,  103-8645JapanFounded in 192528,186 Employees



Phone: 81 3 5255 1000

www.nomura.com







Key Executives for Nomura Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Nobuyuki Koga


      	Chairman of the Board
      


Age: 62
        

Total Annual Compensation: ¥246.0M








Mr. Toshio Morita


      	Executive Managing Director
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: ¥192.0M





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nomura Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Nomura Appoints Fred Jallot as Head of Global Markets, EMEA
Jul 11 17
Nomura announced that it has appointed Fred Jallot, as Head of Global Markets, EMEA. Mr. Jallot, who is based in London, will report to Steve Ashley, Head of Wholesale and Global Markets, and Jonathan Lewis, Head of EMEA. He will be responsible for leading the overall Global Markets EMEA business, including growth in select areas to further expand and diversify revenue sources.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. Announces Executive Appointments
Jun 26 17
Nomura Holdings, Inc. announced the appointment of ten Directors to its Board of Directors (including six Outside Directors) and seven Executive Officers. Directors: Nobuyuki Koga, Chairman of the Board of Directors Chairman of the Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee; Koji Nagai, Director Executive Officer; Tetsu Ozaki, Director Executive Officer; Hisato Miyashita, Director Member of the Audit Committee (full-time); Takao Kusakari, Outside Director, Member of the Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee Senior Advisor of NYK Line; Hiroshi Kimura, Outside Director Member of the Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee Advisor of Japan Tobacco Inc.; Noriaki Shimazaki, Outside Director Chairman of the Audit Committee Advisor, IFRS Foundation Asia-Oceania Office Former Executive Vice President, Sumitomo Corporation; Toshinori Kanemoto, Outside Director Member of the Audit Committee Of-Counsel, City-Yuwa Partners; Mari Sono, Outside Director Member of the Audit Committee Certified Public Accountant Former Commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission; Michael Lim Choo San, Outside Director Former Executive Chairman of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Singapore. Executive Officers: Koji Nagai Group CEO Director, Representative Executive Officer and President; Tetsu Ozaki, Group COO Director, Representative Executive Officer and Deputy President; Shoichi Nagamatsu, Chief of Staff Representative Executive Officer and Deputy President Toshio Morita (President of Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.) Executive Managing Director; Kunio Watanabe, Head of Asset Management Executive Managing Director; Takumi Kitamura, Chief Financial Officer Executive Managing Director; Yuji Nakata, Head of Group Entity Structure and Co-CRO Executive Managing Director.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. Presents at Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2017, Jun-06-2017 through Jun-09-2017
Jun 3 17
Nomura Holdings, Inc. Presents at Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2017, Jun-06-2017 through Jun-09-2017. Venue: The Ritz Carlton Millenia, Singapore 7 Raffles Ave, Singapore 039799, Singapore. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-07-2017, Andy Cates, Co-Head of European Economics, Craig Chan, Global Head of EM FX Strategy, Asia ex-Japan, Joao Ribeiro, Latin America Strategist, Lewis Alexander, Chief US Economist, Peter Dragicevich, G10 FX Strategist, Peter Attard Montalto, Chief Economist for Emerging Europe, Middle East and Africa, Robert Subbaraman, Chief Economist and Head of Global Markets Research, Asia ex-Japan, Takashi Miwa, Chief Japan Economist, Yunosuke Ikeda, Head of FX Strategy (Japan), Zhao Yang, Chief China Economist. Jun-08-2017, Chien-Hua Chen, Head of Quantitative Strategies, CW Chung, Head of Research, Korea and Pan-Asia Tech Semiconductors, Euben paracuelles, Senior Economist, Southeast Asia, Hisao Matsuura, Chief Japan Strategist, Mixo Das, South East Asia Strategist, Prabhat Awasthi, Head of India, Sonal Varma, Chief India Economist, Wendy Liu, Head of China Equity Research.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 171 Research Institute, Inc. Asia A.C.E International Inc. Asia Ace Securities Co., Ltd. Asia Advanced Research Japan Company Limited Asia Advanced-I Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Buyback

			      April 27, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      February 6, 2017
			    
CureApp, Inc.



Private Placement

			      January 30, 2017
			    
SoundHound Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nomura Holdings, Inc., please visit www.nomura.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Nomura Financial Products & Services, Inc. | NOMURA

















Skip to main content










Nomura NowFeedback
Japanese


Site SearchClose





















menu




Nomura NowFeedbackJapanese





Search




















Nomura Financial Products & Services, Inc.
Company Outline






President
Chiaki Sato


Address
Urbannet Otemachi Building 18F, 2-2-2 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8130, Japan


Telephone
81 (0)3-6746-7222


Capital
176,775 million yen







Nomura Financial Products & Services, Inc. ("NFPS") was established in Japan on June 8, 2011, as a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. NFPS was registered as a Financial Instruments Business Operator in Japan on October 10, 2012. NFPS has been making progress to consolidate and manage the derivatives and securities positions and risk of Nomura Group entities outside Japan. In accordance with the Fundamental Management Policy of Nomura Holdings, Inc., NFPS aims to contribute to achieving Nomura Group's management target while ensuring soundness and appropriateness of business operations.



Group Companies



Nomura Holdings
Nomura Securities
Nomura Asset Management
The Nomura Trust and Banking
Nomura Babcock & Brown
Nomura Capital Investment
Nomura Investor Relations
Nomura Funds Research and Technologies
Nomura Research & Advisory
Nomura Business Services
Nomura Facilities
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Nomura Financial Products & Services
Nomura Institute of Estate Planning
N-Village
Americas Offices
EMEA Offices
Asia ex-Japan Offices
Instinet Incorporated





























Who We Are
Overview



About Nomura Group


Group Companies


Leadership Team


Message from the CEO


Our History & Founder's Principles


About Our Brand


Awards & Rankings



Governance



Corporate Governance


Compliance


Risk Management





What We Do



Retail(Wealth Management Asia ex-Japan)


Asset Management


Wholesale


Global Research


Nomura Connects





Investor Relations
Management Message



Message from the Group CEO


Message from the Group COO


Message from the CFO


Message from Regional Heads



IR Library



Presentations


Financials


Annual Reports and SEC Filings


IR Calendar



To Investors



To Our Shareholders


Creditor Information





Media Room



News Releases


Topics


Media Contacts



Citizenship



Nomura Group's CSR


Business Activities and CSR


Our Community / Financial & Economic Education


Our Environment


Our People


Dialogue with Stakeholders


GRI Guidelines Index / Key Facts


External Assessment



Careers





















Who We Are

What We Do

Investor Relations

Media Room

Citizenship

Careers


































May 18, 2017 - Nomura Holdings Inc Buys Air Products & Chemicals Inc, Halcon Resources Corp, Kate Spade, Sells CSX Corp, SPDR S&P 500, iShares Russell 2000 - GuruFocus.com 


















May 18, 2017 - Nomura Holdings Inc Buys Air Products & Chemicals Inc, Halcon Resources Corp, Kate Spade, Sells CSX Corp, SPDR S&P 500, iShares Russell 2000 - GuruFocus.com May 18, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Nomura Holdings Inc Buys Air Products & Chemicals Inc, Halcon Resources Corp, Kate Spade, Sells CSX Corp, SPDR S&P 500, iShares Russell 2000May 18, 2017 |  About: 
APD  +0%
KATE  +0%
XLF  +0%
XLE  +0%
PRXL  +0%
DIA  +0%
HK  +0%
DDS  +0%
LQD  +0%
TVPT  +0%
EGN  +0%
SMH  +0% 



Tokyo, M0, based Investment company Nomura Holdings Inc buys Air Products & Chemicals Inc, Halcon Resources Corp, Kate Spade, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial, Parexel International Corp, SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average, Dillard's Inc, iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond, Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc, sells CSX Corp, SPDR S&P 500, iShares Russell 2000, Bank of America Corporation, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Health Care during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Nomura Holdings Inc. As of 2017-03-31, Nomura Holdings Inc owns 1183 stocks with a total value of $38.2 billion.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: HK, DDS, LQD, TVPT, EGN, LOGM, SMH, DNR, RICE, SD, Added Positions: APD, KATE, XLE, XLF, PRXL, DIA, WBA, ASNA, CAR, DHI, Reduced Positions: CSX, SPY, IWM, BAC, XLV, XLI, NRG, KRE, CTSH, MSFT, Sold Out: PYPL, HIG, ABCO, AGN, COH, HAS, STX, AXP, RESI, CB, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with APD. Click here to check it out. 
APD 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of APDPeter Lynch Chart of APDFor the details of NOMURA HOLDINGS INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=NOMURA+HOLDINGS+INCThese are the top 5 holdings of NOMURA HOLDINGS INCAerCap Holdings NV (AER) - 236,595,777 shares, 28.39% of the total portfolio. SPDR S&P 500 (SPY) - 27,481,000 shares, 16.88% of the total portfolio. SPDR S&P 500 (SPY) - 7,058,320 shares, 4.34% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 23.28%CNOOC Ltd (CEO) - 8,000,000 shares, 2.5% of the total portfolio. Air Products & Chemicals Inc (APD) - 5,714,312 shares, 2.02% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 81.47%New Purchase: Halcon Resources Corp (HK)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  Halcon Resources Corp.  The purchase prices were between $6.45 and $9.79, with an estimated average price of $8.43.   The stock is now traded at around $6.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 14,030,909 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Dillard's Inc (DDS)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  Dillard's Inc.  The purchase prices were between $46.94 and $62.92, with an estimated average price of $54.76.   The stock is now traded at around $48.99. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 850,320 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond (LQD)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  iShares iBoxx $ Investment Grade Corporate Bond.  The purchase prices were between $115.62 and $118.78, with an estimated average price of $117.44.   The stock is now traded at around $119.85. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 366,406 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  Travelport Worldwide Ltd.  The purchase prices were between $11.55 and $14.68, with an estimated average price of $13.3.   The stock is now traded at around $13.58. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 1,865,981 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Energen Corp (EGN)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  Energen Corp.  The purchase prices were between $50 and $59.37, with an estimated average price of $54.06.   The stock is now traded at around $56.25. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 309,856 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: VanEck Vectors Semiconductor (SMH)Nomura Holdings Inc initiated holdings in  VanEck Vectors Semiconductor.  The purchase prices were between $71.57 and $79.72, with an estimated average price of $76.06.   The stock is now traded at around $82.57. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 192,952 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Air Products & Chemicals Inc (APD)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  Air Products & Chemicals Inc by 81.47%.  The purchase prices were between $134.94 and $148.81, with an estimated average price of $140.96.   The stock is now traded at around $142.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.91%. The holdings were 5,714,312 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Kate Spade & Co (KATE)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  Kate Spade & Co by 36457.31%.  The purchase prices were between $17.58 and $24.1, with an estimated average price of $20.91.   The stock is now traded at around $18.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.23%. The holdings were 3,825,722 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial (XLF)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial by 38.08%.  The purchase prices were between $22.95 and $25.24, with an estimated average price of $23.95.   The stock is now traded at around $23.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 10,911,637 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector (XLE)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector by 1160173.33%.  The purchase prices were between $68.24 and $76.17, with an estimated average price of $72.31.   The stock is now traded at around $67.24. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 1,044,246 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Parexel International Corp (PRXL)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  Parexel International Corp by 215.78%.  The purchase prices were between $61.25 and $71.44, with an estimated average price of $66.11.   The stock is now traded at around $78.63. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.16%. The holdings were 1,381,087 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average (DIA)Nomura Holdings Inc added to the holdings in  SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average by 148.96%.  The purchase prices were between $197.28 and $211.02, with an estimated average price of $203.86.   The stock is now traded at around $206.64. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 434,429 shares as of 2017-03-31. Sold Out: PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  PayPal Holdings Inc.  The sale prices were between $39.31 and $43.54, with an estimated average price of $41.84. Sold Out: The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.  The sale prices were between $47.05 and $49.87, with an estimated average price of $48.4. Sold Out: The Advisory Board Co (ABCO)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  The Advisory Board Co.  The sale prices were between $33.45 and $47.4, with an estimated average price of $44.14. Sold Out: Allergan PLC (AGN)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  Allergan PLC.  The sale prices were between $210.8 and $249.32, with an estimated average price of $232.88. Sold Out: Hasbro Inc (HAS)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  Hasbro Inc.  The sale prices were between $79.8 and $100.55, with an estimated average price of $92.6. Sold Out: Coach Inc (COH)Nomura Holdings Inc sold out the holdings in  Coach Inc.  The sale prices were between $34.99 and $41.69, with an estimated average price of $37.68. Here is the complete portfolio of NOMURA HOLDINGS INC. Also check out:
1. NOMURA HOLDINGS INC's Undervalued Stocks
2. NOMURA HOLDINGS INC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. NOMURA HOLDINGS INC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that NOMURA HOLDINGS INC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with Air Products & Chemicals Inc $APD.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

dxpakMini-Magic ScreenfilmwatcherStable Dividend GrowersmonomythJ Crew competitionWellrossFuture F Portfoliomarco.forzaniSHORT 2pbarker4652 week lowsunnywhyWEI_ShortSqueezesamuelbfoxMini-Magic ScreenMNVBen's last filter 1dellmsftInsider CEO Buying Reid

→APD Price Chart





$145.64 (1y: +6%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nomura Group - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385,492 million (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130,698 million (FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28,661 million (FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24.7 trillion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,692,990 million (FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091,636 million (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses, shares dropped to their lowest level in nearly 37 years in mid-September 2011, Nomura will cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe – as many as 300 people.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core members


3 Marketing and branding
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][10] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[11] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopted a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[12][13] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques to use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance.
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[14][15]
Core members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[14][16] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[12][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[13][14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[14] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[17]
References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financhal Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-Hist-02" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-08" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "NomG-09" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ a b c d e "Group Companies - NOMURA". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura Holding America, Inc.: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Retrieved 22 October 2016. 
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


Japan's zaibatsu, keiretsu, and modern corporate groups



Big 4 zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Yasuda (in chronological order of founding)





Second tier zaibatsu (preceding World War II)



Asano
Fujita
Furukawa
Kawasaki
Mori
Nakajima
Nichitsu
Nissan
Nomura
Okura
RIKEN
Shibusawa
Suzuki





Big 6 Keiretsu (until roughly 10 years after Japan bubble ended in 1991)



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Fuyo
Dai-Ichi Kangyo
Sanwa





Transitionary keiretsu



UFJ (originated from Sanwa Group, later renamed to "Midori Kai")





Current groups



Sumitomo
Mitsui
Mitsubishi
Mizuho
Midori Kai
Furukawa
Nissan
Nomura
Toyota













v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Group&oldid=790909038"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225NomuraBanks of JapanConglomerate companies based in TokyoZaibatsuFinancial services companies based in TokyoBanks established in 1925Financial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanCompanies listed on the Nagoya Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DanskفارسیItalianoLatinaNederlands日本語 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







  8604:Tokyo Stock Quote - Nomura Holdings Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nomura Holdings Inc   8604:JP   Tokyo        666.1JPY   3.3   0.49%     As of 2:00 AM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   667.0    Day Range   663.5 - 668.8    Volume   9,104,100    Previous Close   669.4    52Wk Range   407.4 - 808.9    1 Yr Return   60.37%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   667.0    Day Range   663.5 - 668.8    Volume   9,104,100    Previous Close   669.4    52Wk Range   407.4 - 808.9    1 Yr Return   60.37%    YTD Return   -3.34%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   9.89    Earnings per Share (JPY) (TTM)   67.4    Market Cap (t JPY)   2.546    Shares Outstanding  (b)   3.823    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.38    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Financials   % Price Change -0.03%     Industry Diversified Financials   % Price Change +0.62%                    Related Videos    4/27/2017 How Nomura Returned to Profitability 2:17   Company News Press Releases    7/21/2017   Wanda Deal Leaves JPMorgan And Nomura With Opposite Bond Calls     7/18/2017   Japan Brokerages Face Industry Audit on Information Controls     7/10/2017   Nomura Said to Hire Millennium's Ajay Abrol for Macro Trading     7/5/2017   Goldilocks Markets Could End in These Three Ways, Nomura Says     6/26/2017   Nomura Said to Bolster Compliance After Japanese Law Breach     6/23/2017   Nomura Wants to Charge Clients $134,000 for Premium Research     6/22/2017   Nomura Chooses Frankfurt as EU Base After Brexit     6/19/2017   Bloomberg Law Brief: Split Verdict in Nomura Trial (Audio)     6/16/2017   Jury Offers Split Verdict in Nomura Trader Case (Audio)     6/15/2017   One Nomura Trader Convicted, One Cleared at Bond Fraud Trial     6/15/2017   In Brief: Nomura Verdict, Bitcoin Sinks, Trump Targets Drug Prices     6/15/2017   When Can Traders Lie? Nomura Case's Mixed Verdict: QuickTake Q&A     6/15/2017   'That’s What I Did' Is Traders’ Worry as Bond Trials Play Out     6/13/2017   Nomura Trial Jury Says It May Be Split on at Least 1 Charge     6/12/2017   Why a Jury Is Pondering When Bond Traders Can Lie: QuickTake Q&A     6/9/2017   Nomura Said to Find It Breached Japanese Law After Probe     6/5/2017   Nomura Bond Fraud Case Winding Up as Lawyers Rebuff Charges     6/1/2017   Nomura Jury to Resolve When Lies on Bonds Cross Fraud Line     6/1/2017   With No Witnesses, Nomura Traders Bet Against Evidence (Audio)     5/31/2017   Five to 10 Years From Now Asia Won't Need America: Nomura Q&A    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/5/2017   Bloomberg Global M&A Mid-Market Financial Rankings H1 2017     7/3/2017   Bloomberg Global M&A Financial Rankings H1 2017     6/27/2017   Nomura Files Annual Report on Form 20-F     6/23/2017   Tiptree Repurchases One Million Shares     5/31/2017   NOMURA REPORT ON GST AND INFLATION     5/15/2017   SEC Charges Former Head Traders at Nomura With Fraud     4/27/2017   HUDCO IPO BY GOVT OF INDIA AT 56-60 RUPEES/SHARE STARTING MAY 8     4/4/2017   Bloomberg Global M&A Mid-Market Financial Rankings Q1 2017     4/3/2017   Bloomberg Global M&A Financial Rankings Q1 2017    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Nomura Holdings, Inc. is a holding company which manages financial operations for its subsidiaries. As a group, the Company provides a variety of financial services such as dealing, brokerage, underwriting, and asset management. Nomura Securities Co., a registered member of the New York and London Stock Exchanges, has branches around the world.    Address  1-9-1 NihombashiChuo-Ku, 103-8645Japan   Phone  81-3-5255-1000   Website   www.nomuraholdings.com     Executives Board Members    Nobuyuki Koga  Chairman    Koji Nagai  President/Group CEO    Tetsu Ozaki  Deputy President/Group COO    Shoichi Nagamatsu  Deputy President/Chief of Staff    Hisato Miyashita  Director     Show More         ﻿

























Nomura Holdings Inc. Decreases Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Avery Dennison Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avery Dennison Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

The Hain Celestial Group’s (HAIN) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc.
Two Sigma Securities LLC Buys New Position in Equinix, Inc. (EQIX)
Kansas City Southern (NYSE:KSU) Position Boosted by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) to “Strong-Buy”
Ocado Group PLC’s (LON:OCDO) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
Two Sigma Securities LLC Invests $225,000 in La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB)
Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited (The) (NYSE:NTB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”
Bank of America Corp DE Has $51.40 Million Position in Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (The) (SMG)
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS)
Veritone, Inc. (VERI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages
Bank of America Corp DE Increases Position in Cavium, Inc. (CAVM)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $130.85 Million Stake in Realty Income Corporation (O)
Level Four Advisory Services LLC Reduces Stake in Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL)
BlackRock Inc. Raises Position in Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI)
Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Shares Bought by HighVista Strategies LLC
DF Dent & Co. Inc. Sells 63,244 Shares of Moody’s Corporation (MCO)
Sidoti Initiates Coverage on Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN)
State Street Corp Boosts Position in Entergy Corporation (ETR)
Kidder Stephen W Lowers Position in Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP)
State Street Corp Has $569.22 Million Position in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL)


 


Nomura Holdings Inc. Decreases Stake in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Nomura Holdings Inc. reduced its position in Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) by 18.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4,444 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 996 shares during the period. Nomura Holdings Inc.’s holdings in Avery Dennison Corporation were worth $358,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AVY. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in Avery Dennison Corporation by 314.8% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 11,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $787,000 after buying an additional 8,500 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Avery Dennison Corporation by 43.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 572,631 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $46,155,000 after buying an additional 173,901 shares during the last quarter. Aviva PLC boosted its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 58,630 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,118,000 after buying an additional 3,929 shares during the period. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC now owns 10,766 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $867,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Avery Dennison Corporation by 39.7% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 835,826 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $67,368,000 after buying an additional 237,381 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 87.37% of the company’s stock. 




Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) traded down 0.18% during trading on Friday, hitting $93.89. The stock had a trading volume of 659,775 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $88.34 and a 200-day moving average price of $81.78. Avery Dennison Corporation has a 12 month low of $68.55 and a 12 month high of $94.47. The stock has a market cap of $8.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.66 and a beta of 1.18. 


 Get Avery Dennison Corporation alerts:



Avery Dennison Corporation (NYSE:AVY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.07. Avery Dennison Corporation had a return on equity of 38.48% and a net margin of 5.56%. The firm had revenue of $1.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.53 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.94 EPS. Avery Dennison Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 5.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Avery Dennison Corporation will post $4.60 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Investors of record on Wednesday, June 7th were paid a dividend of $0.45 per share. This is a positive change from Avery Dennison Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. This represents a $1.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.92%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, June 5th. Avery Dennison Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 47.37%. 
WARNING: This story was posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/nomura-holdings-inc-sells-996-shares-of-avery-dennison-corporation-avy-updated-updated.html. 
AVY has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Avery Dennison Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $93.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Bank of America Corporation raised Avery Dennison Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $90.00 to $96.00 in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. BidaskClub cut Avery Dennison Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Aegis reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Avery Dennison Corporation in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Finally, KeyCorp reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Avery Dennison Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $88.40.
In related news, Director Anthony Anderson sold 950 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.42, for a total transaction of $80,199.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 7,492 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $632,474.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, VP Deon Stander sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.50, for a total value of $422,500.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 10,998 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $929,331. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 12,198 shares of company stock valued at $1,034,716 over the last three months. 1.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Avery Dennison Corporation
Avery Dennison Corporation (Avery Dennison) is engaged in the production of pressure-sensitive materials and a range of tickets, tags, labels and other converted products. The Company’s segments include Label and Graphic Materials (LGM); Retail Branding and Information Solutions (RBIS), and Industrial and Healthcare Materials (IHM). 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Avery Dennison Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avery Dennison Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































	NOMURA HOLDINGS Trademark of NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC.. Serial Number: 85610362 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
NOMURA HOLDINGS










 
Get FREE email alerts













NOMURA HOLDINGS  Trademark Information
 NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC.
Market research, consulting services directed to corporate clients with regard to mergers and acquisitions; enhancing public relations with investors; providing information with regard to the economy and politics; and business research in the fields of politics, economy, law and administration
Banking services; safe-deposit box services; monetary exchange services; trusteeship representation services; loan financing; issuing stored-valued cards; brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, investment securities, and insurance; underwriting in the fields of investment securities; insurance underwriting services in the fields of home, vehicle, life, health, accident and personal liability insurance; trading in stock, bonds and investment...
Design and maintenance of computer software; leasing of computers; providing information dealing with computers and computer software




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
Insurance & Financial Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
market   research      consulting   services   directed   corporate   clients   regard   mergers   acquisitions   enhancing   public   relations   investors   providing   information   regard   economy   politics   business   research   fields   politics      economy    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark by NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. 
                                in Tokyo, , 103-8645.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC. of the NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark.
                           






On Friday, April 27, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NOMURA HOLDINGS by 
                        NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC., Tokyo 103-8645.
                        The USPTO has given the NOMURA HOLDINGS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85610362.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for NOMURA HOLDINGS is 
                        
                        
                                            LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE of 
                                            STROOCK & STROOCK & LAVAN LLP,  180 MAIDEN LN FL 17, NEW YORK, NY 10038-4982 
                                .
                            The NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                , 
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NOMURA HOLDINGS 
                            is Market research, consulting services directed to corporate clients with regard to mergers and acquisitions; enhancing public relations with investors; providing information with regard to the economy and politics; and business research in the fields of politics, economy, law and administration. 
                            





Word mark:
 NOMURA HOLDINGS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

8/29/2016






  Serial Number:  
85610362


  Filing Date:  
4/27/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Market research, consulting services directed to corporate clients with regard to mergers and acquisitions; enhancing public relations with investors; providing information with regard to the economy and politics; and business research in the fields of politics, economy, law and administration


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/28/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

NOMURA HOLDINGS, INC.Tokyo 103-8645
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("HOLDINGS")


 Correspondent:


LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE
STROOCK & STROOCK & LAVAN LLP
180 MAIDEN LN FL 17
NEW YORK, NY 10038-4982






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/29/2016
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LAURA GOLDBARD GEORGE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NOMURA HOLDINGS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search nomuraholdings on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NOMURA HOLDINGS 




NOMURA HOLDINGS is providing Market research, consulting services directed to corporate clients with regard to mergers and acquisitions; enhancing public relations with investors; providing information with regard to the economy and politics; and business research in the fields of politics, economy, law and administration.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR)
    




              Median target price: -
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    33%
                  

                of 3 analysts


                    Latest:     Morgan Stanley | overweight  | 
                                              03/17
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for NMR  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »
























Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.










Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.
































Home - NOMURA












This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.










Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Nomura (@Nomura) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      NomuraVerified account



@Nomura












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
1,158
            



Following
Following
456



Followers
Followers
4,155



Likes
Likes
236

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Nomura

Mute @Nomura



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















NomuraVerified account



@Nomura


Official Nomura Twitter account. Follow us for the latest on Asia, global economic insights, and company news.







 
    nomura.com
  




Joined November 2014












                
                811 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Nomura
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Nomura
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Nomura followed
        

























Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

22h22 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







London employees enjoying an outdoor screening of Top Gun on the roof terrace at our London office, for the inaugural Natsu summer festival!pic.twitter.com/IR72X55dKL























0 replies




2 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Exciting times in #RoyalBirkdale as the #OpenChampionship starts today. Wishing the best to #HidekiMatsuyama! http://bit.ly/2uEInNe pic.twitter.com/cDNqqdcgzS
















0 replies




4 retweets




14 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


14





Liked


14










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"You lift as you climb" - wise words from Romy Murray, non-exec director, speaking to our gender balance network in Londonpic.twitter.com/UYmY9biS23























0 replies




1 retweet




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It has been a decade since #Bank of #England last raised rates-Find out why we believe the BoE will hike on 3 Aug http://bit.ly/2ttxBqh pic.twitter.com/dxJqwzkQ6L
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our #India colleagues #volunteering at @StJudeChildCare's #OrganicFarm in @TataMemorial Centre. #TreePlanting #Saplings #Weeding #Mulchingpic.twitter.com/do5I2kYxhY



































0 replies




5 retweets




11 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


11





Liked


11










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Nomura Retweeted Feeding Hong Kong

Thanks for having our interns @FeedingHK - glad we can contribute in a meaningful way. Look forward to the #BreadRun tomorrow!https://twitter.com/FeedingHK/status/887221350846169088 …

Nomura added,

















Feeding Hong Kong @FeedingHK

Big thank you to @Nomura interns for volunteering at our warehouse! pic.twitter.com/EAaVEavWqb









0 replies




1 retweet




4 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







PODCAST: Views continue to diverge on China - will it continue to grow or hit a roadblock? http://bit.ly/2jjKRI6 pic.twitter.com/3aUjZvDPv3
















0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







http://bit.ly/2tyrYJ4  The #ReserveBankofIndia - A “One and Done” rates cut scenario? Read our #India #economist's views. @SonalVarma10





0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Nomura Retweeted
            







Jamal Hussain‏ @JamalHuss13

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







An Industry Insight here @Nomura with our corporate volunteers along with icebreakers @ListerSchool #investmentbankingpic.twitter.com/3GNyYO8kzz























0 replies




8 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Nomura Retweeted
            







Feeding Hong Kong‏ @FeedingHK

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Spotted: @Nomura #FHKVeggieVan making deliveries to the Christian Social Service Network of Divine Providence Tsui Yeung Centre!pic.twitter.com/r0VktE0iZO
















0 replies




2 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Excitement building for tonight's @JPMorgan run. Good luck to the 250 Team Nomura runners braving London's heat for @WhizzKidzpic.twitter.com/6Jl95W7ura
















1 reply




5 retweets




24 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


24





Liked


24










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Nomura Retweeted
            







TheCityUK‏Verified account @TheCityUK

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our host for today David Godfrey @Nomura welcomes everyone to what is shaping up to be a great conference #thecityuk2017pic.twitter.com/jIi7s7P2Pd
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thanks to everyone who came to our 12th #LGBT Network Film Night at our HK office last night. Hope you all enjoyed @outrunmoviepic.twitter.com/j5yR7aVXY5























0 replies




3 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 4






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







PODCAST: Almost 40% of Japan's population is over 55. What's the impact on its #economy & fiscal sustainability? http://bit.ly/2jjKRI6 pic.twitter.com/1TfMWQZjTl
















0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







http://bit.ly/2uERyd6  - Harry Ng, head of our AEJ #wealth planning strategy & solutions business discusses the team's approach @hubbisnewspic.twitter.com/sOE7BrfIUn
















0 replies




5 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Great to have #SummerInterns in our offices across the globe. Can't believe how much we've done in just a few weeks.  Time flies!pic.twitter.com/j3g45d09pO






























0 replies




4 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Congratulations to Amanda Brilliant who came runner up for Mentor of the Year category at the @Women_Ahead closing event





0 replies




2 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Congratulations to Louisa Woods, Head of Diversity who won Inspirational Programme Partner of the Year at @Women_Ahead closing event!pic.twitter.com/EXiOrGMvMT
















0 replies




2 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Many thanks to @RoboProfessor1 for insight into the future of #AI, and for bringing some samples!pic.twitter.com/CNqd0bedtR























1 reply




3 retweets




7 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Nomura‏Verified account @Nomura

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why is the US dollar at the start of a multi-year downtrend? How do current account dynamics impact FX? http://bit.ly/2sJdjJ4 pic.twitter.com/0spPflmQCQ
















0 replies




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Nomura hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Nomura Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nomura Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Nomura Holdings, Inc.
野村ホールディングス株式会社





Type

Holding Company
(Public)


Traded as
TYO: 8604
OSE: 8604
NSE: 8604
SGX: N33
NYSE: NMR
TOPIX Core 30 Component


Industry
Financial Services
Financial Management Consulting


Founded
Osaka, Japan (December 25, 1925 (1925-12-25))


Headquarters
1-9-1, Nihonbashi, Chuo, Tokyo, Japan



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Koji Nagai
(Group CEO)[1][2][3]
Nobuyuki Koga
(Chairman)[1][2]


Products
Financial Services[4]
Securities Services
Retail banking
Investment Management
Investment Banking
Asset management


Revenue
 ¥1,385 billion (FY 2010)[5]



Operating income

 ¥1,130 billion(FY 2010)[5]



Net income

 ¥28.661 billion(FY 2010)[5]


AUM
 ¥24,743 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total assets
 ¥36,693 billion(FY 2010)[5]


Total equity
 ¥2,091 billion (FY 2010)[5]


Subsidiaries
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.


Website
www.nomura.com






The headquarters of Nomura in Tokyo, Japan.


Nomura Holdings, Inc. (野村ホールディングス株式会社) is a Japanese financial holding company, and a principal member of the Nomura Group. It, along with its broker-dealer, banking and other financial services subsidiaries, provides investment, financing and related services to individual, institutional and government customers on a global basis with an emphasis on securities businesses. Michael Coombs is the head investment banker.[6]
In October 2008, the company acquired Lehman Brothers Holdings's investment banking and equities unit in Asia and Europe and kept on most of its employees. Nomura paid $225 million for the purchase of Lehman's Asian-Pacific unit.[7] Due to large losses with shares dropping to their lowest level in nearly 37 years, Nomura cut around 5 percent of its staff in Europe (as many as 500 people) in mid-September 2011.[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins to 2001
1.2 2001 to present


2 Nomura Holdings and Member companies

2.1 Core Members


3 Marketing and branding
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Origins to 2001[edit]
Main article: Nomura Securities Co. § History
The history of Nomura begins on December 25, 1925, when the Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. (NSC) was established in Osaka, as a spin-off from Securities Dept. of Osaka Nomura Bank Co., Ltd (the present day Resona Bank). NSC initially focused on the bond market.[9][10][11] It was named after its founder Tokushichi Nomura II, a wealthy Japanese stockbroking tycoon. He had earlier established Osaka Nomura bank in 1918, based on the Mitsui zaibatsu model with a capital of ¥10 million.[12] Like the majority of Japanese conglomerate, or zaibatsu, its origins were in Osaka, but today operates out of Tokyo. NSC gained the authority to trade stock in 1938, and went public in 1961.
2001 to present[edit]
On October 1, 2001 Nomura adopt a holding company structure and Nomura Holdings, Inc. was established.[13][14] Nomura made most of its profits in the Japanese retail banking market, but has expanded its international investment banking capabilities. Instinet Incorporated was acquired in February 2007.
In October 2008, Nomura acquired most of Lehman Brothers Asian operations together with its European equities and investment banking units to make one of the world's largest independent investment banks with Y20,300bn (£138bn) assets under management. In April 2009, the global headquarters for investment banking was moved out of Tokyo to London as part of a strategy to move the company's focus from Japan to global markets, with Josh Tokley appointed Head of UK Investments. Following his subsequent suspension, Tokley was replaced by Michael Coombs.
Nomura sponsors research at Oxford University into mathematical techniques for use in finance including stochastic analysis, option pricing, stochastic optimal control, interest rate modelling and through the Nomura Centre for Mathematical Finance
Nomura Holdings and Member companies[edit]
Nomura Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of the Nomura Group and the group's principal member.[15][16] As a keiretsu, Nomura Holdings, Inc. does not directly run member companies, rather it keeps a controlling stake of cross shareholdings and manages financial assistance among member companies which help to deflect hostile takeovers.
Core Members[edit]

Nomura Holding America Inc.,[15][17] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Europe Holdings plc,[18][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asia Holding N.V.,[19][15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.,[15] operates as a subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd.
The Nomura Trust & Banking Co., Ltd.
Nomura Babcock & Brown Co., Ltd.
Nomura Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
Nomura Investor Relations Co., Ltd.
Nomura Principal Finance Co., Ltd.
Nomura Funds Research And Technologies Co., Ltd.
Nomura Pension Support & Service Co., Ltd.
Nomura Research & Advisory Co., Ltd.
Nomura Business Services Co., Ltd.
Nomura Satellite Communications Co., Ltd.
Nomura Facilities, Inc.
Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research
Nomura Services India Pvt. Ltd.
Nomura Healthcare
Nomura Private Equity Capital
Unified Partners
Nomura Agri Planning & Advisory
Instinet

Marketing and branding[edit]
The marketing slogan of Nomura is "Connecting Markets East & West".[20]
See also[edit]


Japan portal
Companies portal



Nomura Group

References[edit]


^ a b "Nomura Group -Management Structure". 
^ a b "Nomura Group - Board Of Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Executive Managing Directors". 
^ "Nomura Group - Products, Services & Solutions". 
^ a b c d e f "Financial Highlights Year Ended march 31, 2011" (PDF). Nomura Holdings, Inc. April 28, 2011. 
^ "Forbes, Nomura Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: NMR) at A Glance". 
^ Nomura Buys Lehman's Europe Banking, Equities Units, Bloomberg, September 23, 2008
^ "Nomura plans European staff cuts". September 14, 2011. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Asia Pacific Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Group Company history on Nomura Holdings Inc. Webpage". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "History of Nomura Securities Company, Limited from fundinguniverse.com". Retrieved 17 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura's founder, Tokushichi Nomura II from Nomura website" (PDF). Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ "Nomura Company info in LinkedIn". Retrieved 19 Jan 2012. 
^ a b c d e Core members of Nomura Group
^ Nomura Holdings, Inc. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Holding America, Inc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Europe Holdings plc Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ Nomura Asia Holding N.V. Info on Bloomberg Businessweek
^ "Nomura - Marketing Slogan". 


External links[edit]

www.nomuraholdings.com




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Nomura Holdings.








v
t
e


TOPIX 100 companies of Japan



Core 30



7&i
Astellas
Canon
Denso
FANUC
Hitachi
Honda
JR Central
JR East
JT
KDDI
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Fudosan
Mizuho
MUFG
Murata
Nissan
Nomura
NTT
NTT DoCoMo
Panasonic
Shin-Etsu
SoftBank
Sony
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Takeda
Tokio Marine
Toyota





Large 70



ÆON
Ajinomoto
ANA
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Bridgestone
Chubu Electric Power
Concordia Financial
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Daito Trust Construction
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Eisai
Fast Retailing
Fujifilm
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujitsu
Hoya
INPEX
Isuzu
Itochu
Japan Airlines
JR West
JFE
JXTG
Kao
KEPCO
Keyence
Kirin
Komatsu
Kubota
Kyocera
Marubeni
Mazda
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
MS&AD
Nidec
Nintendo
Nitto Denko
NSSMC
Ono Pharmaceutical
Oriental Land
Orix
Osaka Gas
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Rakuten
Resona
Secom
Sekisui House
Shionogi
Shiseido
SMC
Sompo Holdings
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D Holdings
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Toray
Toshiba
Unicharm
Yamato Transport












v
t
e


 Nikkei 225 companies of Japan






7&i
Advantest
ÆON
AGC
Ajinomoto
Alps
ANA
Amada
Aozora Bank
Asahi Breweries
Asahi Kasei
Astellas
Bridgestone
Canon
Casio
Chiba Bank
Chiyoda
Chuden
Chugai
Citizen
Comsys
Concordia Financial
Credit Saison
Dai-ichi Life
Daiichi Sankyo
Daikin
Dainippon Screen
Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
Daiwa House
Daiwa Securities
Denka
Denso
Dentsu
DNP
Dowa
Ebara
Eisai
Fanuc
Fast Retailing
Fuji Electric
Fuji Heavy Industries
Fujifilm
Fujikura
Fujitsu
Fukuoka Financial
Furukawa Co., Ltd.
Furukawa Electric
GS Yuasa
Heiwa Real Estate
Hino
Hitachi
Hitachi Construction Machinery
Hitz
Hokuetsu Paper
Honda
IHI
INPEX
Isetan-Mitsukoshi
Isuzu
Itochu
JFE
J. Front Retailing
JGC
JR Central
JR East
JR West
JSW
JT
JTEKT
JXTG
Kajima
KEPCO
Kao
Kawasaki
KDDI
Keio
Keisei
Kikkoman
Kirin
K Line
Kobelco
Komatsu
Konami
Konica Minolta
Kubota
Kuraray
Kyocera
Kyowa Hakko Kirin
Marubeni
Maruha Nichiro
Marui
Matsui Securities
Mazda
Meidensha
Meiji Holdings
MES
Minebea
Mitsubishi Chemical
Mitsubishi Corporation
Mitsubishi Electric
Mitsubishi Estate
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Mitsubishi Logistics
Mitsubishi Materials
Mitsubishi Motors
Mitsui & Co.
Mitsui Chemicals
Mitsui Fudosan
Mitsui Kinzoku
Mitsumi Electric
Mizuho
MOL
MS&AD
MUFG
NEC
NEG
NGK
Nichirei
Nikon
Nippon Express
Nippon Kayaku
Nippon Light Metal
Nippon Ham
Nippon Paper Industries
Nippon Soda
Nippon Suisan
Nissan
Nissan Chemical
Nisshin Seifun
Nisshin Steel
Nisshinbo
Nittobo
Nitto Denko
Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
Nomura
NSG
NSK
NSSMC
NTN
NTT
NTT Data
NTT DoCoMo
NYK
Obayashi
Odakyu
Oji Holdings Corporation
OKI
Okuma
Olympus
Osaka Gas
Pacific Metals
Panasonic
Pioneer
Resona
Ricoh
Sapporo Holdings
Secom
Sekisui House
Sharp
Shimz
Shin-Etsu
Shinsei Bank
Shionogi
Shiseido
Shizuoka Bank
Showa Denko
Showa Shell
SKY Perfect JSAT
SoftBank
Sojitz
Sony
Sony Financial
SUMCO
Sumitomo Chemical
Sumitomo Corporation
Sumitomo Electric
Sumitomo Heavy Industries
Sumitomo Metal Mining
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust
Sumitomo Osaka Cement
Sumitomo Realty
Suzuki
T&D
Taiheiyo Cement
Taisei
Taiyo Yuden
Takara
Takashimaya
Takeda
TDK
Teijin
TEPCO
Terumo
Tobu
Toho
Toho Zinc
Tokai Carbon
Tokuyama Corporation
Toyo Seikan
Tokio Marine
Tokyo Dome
Tokyo Electron
Tokyo Gas
Tokyo Tatemono
Tokyu
Tokyu Land
Toppan
Toray
Toshiba
Tosoh
Toto
Toyobo
Toyota
Toyota Tsusho
Trend Micro
Ube
Unitika
Uny
Yahoo! Japan
Yamaha
Yamato Transport
Yasakawa
Yokogawa Electric
Yokohama Rubber










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nomura_Holdings&oldid=790909167"					
Categories: TOPIX 100Nikkei 225Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Osaka Securities ExchangeCompanies listed on the Singapore ExchangeBanks of JapanFinancial services companies based in TokyoFinancial services companies established in 19251925 establishments in JapanNomuraHolding companies based in TokyoMidori-kaiHolding companies established in 1925Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어ՀայերենBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuvių日本語PolskiRomânăРусскийTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 22:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
