





North American Management – North American Management
































 

















Email: info@namgt.com 











 






























1
2
3






Welcome to North American Management

Read More




Welcome to North American Management


Founded in 1993, North American Management provides professional consulting services and technology applications in solving our customer's mission-critical challenges. Our highly skilled subject matter experts work on nationally significant programs and cutting-edge research. We work closely with our clients' to analyze business and operational issues, identify problem areas and partner with our clients to implement effective solutions.
















Consulting




	
		
			Strategy.
		

		
			North American Management supports all issues of strategic management, from strategy alignment and new business models, processes and organizational structures, to technology strategies. More...
		

		
		
			I...
Read More













Health




	
		
			 Training & Technical Assistance
		

		
			  In support of the Affordable Care Act, North American Management provides technical support to over 3,000 Federally qualified and look-alike community health centers nationwide and in U...
Read More













Research




	
		
			Program Monitoring and Evaluation
		

		
			 We assist our customers by ensuring that federal, state and local government programs are measured for program  efficiencies and effectiveness. Our evaluation results are used  to...
Read More













Public Relations




	
		
			 Strategic Communications
		

		
			  We provide a full range of communications and social marketing research services. More…
		

		
			 
		

		
			 
		

		
	

	
		
			 Materials and Pro...
Read More








Featured 
Grants and Peer Review: As the Federal government increasingly turns to grants as a method of delivering services and disbursing funds, contract support is critical in order for limited agency staff to successfully process and administer grants while providing technical assistance and leadership to grantees.
 
 

Solutions 
Program Evaluation Methods: Each client's analytic requirements are unique and require a tailored approach. North American Management is able to offer a customized approach that in part will include: Determine the goals of the study and the budget of the client Select the best research techniques, i.e. survey, focus group and /or literature search Develop the project work plan Develop survey and other research instruments Assemble the project team Train the interviewers conduct survey Tabulate responses and analyze data Facilitate discussion/ present findings Submit final report

 

Sample Case Study 


 






Top













Program Evaluation – North American Management






































 

















Email: info@namgt.com 











 


Home / Program Evaluation Program Evaluation










		Program Evaluation Methods


Each client's analytic requirements are unique and require a tailored approach. North American Management is able to offer a customized approach that in part will include:



			Determine the goals of the study and the budget of the client
		

			Select the best research techniques, i.e. survey, focus group and /or literature search
		

			Develop the project work plan
		

			Develop survey and other research instruments
		

			Assemble the project team
		

			Train the interviewers conduct survey
		

			Tabulate responses and analyze data
		

			Facilitate discussion/ present findings
		

			Submit final report
		




		Program Evaluation Experts


North American Management provides the sound quantitative and qualitative analysis necessary for sound business planning and sound business decision-making. Our veteran experts understand the need for our clients to gather, analyze and report information quickly and accurately; and the need to assess program effectiveness, objectively and continuously. Whether you are trying to determine the knowledge or opinions of a survey population, or factual data, North American Management selects the analytic statistical methodology that meets the goals of your study and is sensitive to your budget requirements.







Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Share on LinkedIn
Share







Share on Digg
Share



 



 
	 


North American Management was selected by the United States Department of Justice U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service to provide energy management support.  
 
 


 




Top













Workforce Development – North American Management






































 

















Email: info@namgt.com 











 


Home / Workforce Development Workforce Development










		Qualified Candidate Placement


		As the economy shifts, employers will be competing for a competitive and more diverse labor pool. North American Management can assist in finding qualified candidates to fill the highly skilled positions in the professional, technical and sales fields.
	

		Equal Employment Opportunities


		North American can assist clients in maintaining a discrimination free workplace where women, racial minorities, the disabled, and our veterans are encouraged to apply and are evaluated based on their performance and not their protected group status. We provide the policy, procedures, and training needed to protect your employees and your organization from the reduced productivity, costly legal battles, low morale, and negative public image associated with sexual harassment and other forms of discrimination in the workplace.
	



		Strengthening the Workforce


		North American Management provides assistance in strengthening the workforce by assessing the attitudes and opinions of employees, supervisors and managers determining the strengths and weaknesses of the organization. North American develops position descriptions, manages position classification and desk audits.
	






Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Share on LinkedIn
Share







Share on Digg
Share



 



 
	 


North American Management managed the Information Resource Center for DHHS Public Housing and Primary Care Grantees.
 
 


 




Top













Marketing Materials – North American Management






































 

















Email: info@namgt.com 











 


Home / Marketing Materials Marketing Materials









	Our Subject Matter Experts would be more than happy to meet with you and share the full set of offerings that we can provide to your organization. We offer the following abridged Marketing Sheets for your review.


	For additional information, please contact us so we can share with you our full suite of marketing materials for your review. 


	To view or download our Marketing Sheets, you will need Adobe Acrobat Reader.



Housing & Community Revitalization


Health and Family Services


Human Capital Strategy


Public Relations and Marketing


Research and Evaluation







Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Share on LinkedIn
Share







Share on Digg
Share



 



 
	 


North American Management provides a wide range of public relations and strategic communication support services government-wide.

 
 


 




Top













Business Process Improvement – North American Management






































 

















Email: info@namgt.com 











 


Home / Business Process Improvement Business Process Improvement










		 Business Process Reengineering


		 For over 10 years, North American Management has been preparing for the competition of the 21st century, as organizations are developing strategies to operate more efficiently  and more cost effectively. This requires both a clear understanding of how an enterprise operates today and a method for identifying opportunities for improvement. Other changes  are also impacting the competitive environment of business, including rapidly changing technology, faster dissemination of information and the development of a global  marketplace. Together these changes require senior management to re-evaluate their operating processes and identify key changes for competitiveness in the 21st Century.
	

		 Organizational Restructuring Consultants


		Over the decade, North American Management has assisted many federal agencies, housing authorities and community health centers in evaluating current business processes and identifying those that can be reengineered to significantly improve business management strategy and performance.   North American Management sponsors an open discussion, hosted by Subject Matter Experts at the Center for Professional Collaboration, Research, Monitoring & Evaluations, Business Process Reengineering.​
	



		Continuous Improvement


		Each client's organization program, functional and fiscal requirements are unique and require a tailored approach. North American Management is able to offer a customized plan that in part will include:
	


			Overview of Business Improvement, including discussion of the compelling forces for change and theory versus practice in business reengineering.
		

			Business Improvement examples, including case studies, guiding principles, potential problems and criteria for success.
		

			Developing, planning, and selecting the Business Improvement project.
		

			The Business Improvement costs and benefits.
		

			Addressing organizational issues of the Business Improvement project.
		

			How to sell Business Improvement within the organization.
		







Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet







Share on Google Plus
Share







Share on Pinterest
Share






Share on LinkedIn
Share







Share on Digg
Share



 



 
	 


North American Management was the Prime/ General Contractor for the development of the US General Service Administration’s sites M, N and O in Washington, D.C.  
 
 


 




Top










North American Management












Client LoginClient Portal








Wealth Management for your life and legacy





North American Management is an independently owned and operated wealth management firm based in Boston, Massachusetts, serving clients nationwide.






Our Difference

At North American Management, we are dedicated to understanding each client’s complete financial picture.
 



Our Perspective

Our multi-disciplinary team allows us to continually integrate intelligent planning and investment ideas.

 



Your Legacy

We have a long history of helping families preserve and grow wealth for future generations.

 










North American Management - Insights













Client LoginClient Portal








Insights
Wealth Planning and Investments
News
 
North American Management Recognized in Financial Advisor Magazine's 2016 Annual RIA Survey & Ranking - July 2016
North American Management was once again recognized in the $1 Billion and Over Asset category. READ MORE (PDF)

North American Management Recognized in Financial Advisor Magazine's 2015 Annual RIA Survey & Ranking
North American Management Named in Financial Times' 2015 List of Top Financial Advisers


Financial Planning Notes
 
July 2017 - The Rise of Online Financial Scams
The adage "buyer beware" takes on new meaning in the internet age.  READ MORE (PDF)

Reducing Taxes with a Roth Conversion
What's All This About Tax Reform? 
Valuation Discounts and Family Partnerships - The Window is Closing
Art & Antiques In Your Estate Plan
Planning For Your Digital Assets
New Social Security Rules
Considering Continuing Care Retirement Communities
Why Diversification Matters in Your Financial Plan
Asset Location
A Resolution to Budget
'Tis the Season
Ideas for Charitable Giving
Discussing Your Estate Plans with Adult Children
Saving for College
Do You Need Financial Planning?


Investment Letters
 
Second Quarter 2017 - Mixed Signals Persist
Rising stocks and bonds and a depreciating US Dollar made for an exceptionally good quarter, through not without crosscurrents.              READ MORE (PDF)
November 2016 - A Short History of Hedge Fund Returns
Hedge funds have played an important role stabilizing and improving risk adjusted returns in portfolios for decades, but recent performance issues have caused many investors to seriously question their value proposition and fee structures.  In fact, the performance trend is not new - we graphed a twenty-five year return history of the HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index and highlighted a fairly frustrating, long-term decline in five year increments. READ MORE (PDF)

1st Quarter 2017 - Sound and Fury
4th Quarter 2016 - Great Expectations
3rd Quarter 2016 - Inflation Has a Pulse
2nd Quarter 2016 - Mixed Signals
1st Quarter 2016 - Who is Driving the Bus?
4th Quarter 2015 - Oil Glut, Dollar Shortage
3rd Quarter 2015 - Round Trips
2nd Quarter 2015 - The End of Pretend
1st Quarter 2015 - Aftershocks
4th Quarter 2014 - Separation Anxiety
3rd Quarter 2014 - "The Euro Crack'd"
2nd Quarter 2014 - All Together
1st Quarter 2014 - A Healthy Rotation

 









North American Management - Team













Client LoginClient Portal










Senior Management
Wealth Management Team
Investment Management Team
Operations and Compliance
Emeritus



Team
A culture of thought leadership, trust and discretion
North American Management is privately owned by our employees. Our team has experience across many disciplines including institutional investment management, financial planning, trust services, and capital markets. Guided by a risk management discipline and culture, we provide our clients a global perspective, thoughtful market insight, and responsible investment management.










NAM - Approach













Client LoginClient Portal








Approach
Serving the financial planning and investment needs of individuals, families, trusts and charitable entities
A Comprehensive Approach
At North American Management, we are dedicated to understanding each client's complete financial picture with the objective of providing best-in-class, comprehensive guidance and wealth management.
Your Financial Picture
During our initial meetings, we will review your existing investments and current financial picture, and work with you to establish your objectives and risk profile. This process enables us to provide a wealth management strategy designed to help you achieve your financial and legacy goals.
Reviews and Updates
To maximize the effectiveness of your investments, we regularly review and update your plan to properly reflect changes in your personal circumstances and market conditions. As a client of North American Management, you will be assigned a dedicated Wealth Advisor who keeps you informed of the status of your investments through regular communications and personalized review meetings. Your Wealth Advisor is part of a team comprised of our portfolio management group, as well as tax and planning experts.









North American Management - Contact Us













Client LoginClient Portal









Contact Us
Offices in Boston and St.Louis
Ten Post Office Square
			Suite 1200 South
			Boston, MA 02109

Phone: (617) 695-2100 
Email: info@namcorp.com


1 North Brentwood Blvd.
			Suite 1510
			St. Louis, MO 63105
Phone: (314) 833-6641













North American Management - About Us













Client LoginClient Portal








About Us
With over $1 billion in assets under management, we have built our firm through a combination of organic growth and selective strategic acquisitions
A Heritage of Private Wealth Management Since 1928
North American Management is an independently owned and operated wealth management firm based in Boston, Massachusetts, serving clients nationwide. Established in 1928 as a single family office, and registered with the SEC since 1969, we provide wealth management services to high net worth families, family offices, and select non-profit entities.
We offer a compelling mix of security and manager selection skills to help optimize global asset allocation strategies. Our wealth management solution includes financial, tax and estate planning, along with trust services, all of which are carefully designed and implemented to help our clients realize their financial objectives. For over 85 years, we have provided clients with the special care, attention, and resources needed to protect and grow their wealth.





﻿





























Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp
Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp
Asset Dedication LLC Sells 201 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
Financial Survey: Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A) vs. United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS)
Head-To-Head Contrast: Ares Management L.P. (ARES) vs. Virtus Investment Partners (NASDAQ:VRTS)
Head to Head Survey: Oil States International (OIS) vs. Dril-Quip (DRQ)
Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) versus Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Head to Head Contrast
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Stake Raised by Watch Point Trust Co
Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $11.37 Million
Advisors Capital Management LLC Increases Position in CVS Health Corporation (NYSE:CVS)
FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $414.11 Million
Canal Capital Management LLC Has $272,000 Stake in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)
Escape Hunt PLC (ESC) Now Covered by Analysts at Peel Hunt
Air Partner plc (AIR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital
Humana Inc. (HUM) Position Reduced by First Quadrant L P CA
First Quadrant L P CA Invests $5.23 Million in Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES)
Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s (RDSB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc
Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Coats Group PLC (COA)
Aperio Group LLC Has $24.17 Million Position in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF)
Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) EVP Sells $199,800.00 in Stock







Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by North American Management Corp


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




North American Management Corp reduced its stake in shares of  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) by 2.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 463,167 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock after selling 12,724 shares during the period. Abbott Laboratories comprises about  3.6% of North American Management Corp’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. North American Management Corp’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $22,515,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 18.9% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 80,499,469 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $3,574,987,000 after buying an additional 12,806,535 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 11.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 33,796,869 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $1,500,920,000 after buying an additional 3,344,508 shares during the last quarter.  Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 11.5% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 19,694,052 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $756,449,000 after buying an additional 2,025,512 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at $598,897,000.  Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 33.8% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 8,823,399 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $391,841,000 after buying an additional 2,231,316 shares during the last quarter. 71.02% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) opened at 50.84 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $88.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 52.90 and a beta of 1.07. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $48.18 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.68. Abbott Laboratories has a 52 week low of $37.38 and a 52 week high of $51.13. 





Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 15.53% and a net margin of 4.96%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be issued a dividend of $0.265 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.08%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 149.30%. 
WARNING: This piece of content was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/abbott-laboratories-abt-shares-sold-by-north-american-management-corp.html. 
Several analysts have recently weighed in on ABT shares. Cowen and Company  reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $48.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. TheStreet raised Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Monday, July 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Abbott Laboratories from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Abbott Laboratories from $49.00 to $51.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Abbott Laboratories presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $52.13.
In other news, insider Roger Bird sold 5,600 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total transaction of $245,392.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 51,313 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,248,535.66. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Stephen R. Fussell sold 196,550 shares of Abbott Laboratories stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.00, for a total value of $9,041,300.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 221,488 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,188,448. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 206,902 shares of company stock worth $9,497,761. Corporate insiders own  0.76% of the company’s stock. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































North American Management - Team













Client LoginClient Portal










Senior Management
Wealth Management Team
Investment Management Team
Operations and Compliance
Emeritus



Team
A culture of thought leadership, trust and discretion
North American Management is privately owned by our employees. Our team has experience across many disciplines including institutional investment management, financial planning, trust services, and capital markets. Guided by a risk management discipline and culture, we provide our clients a global perspective, thoughtful market insight, and responsible investment management.










North American Management Corp in Boston, MA 02109 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Massachusetts
» Boston
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» North American Management Corp













North American Management Corp


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





Ten Post Office Square Suite 1200  Boston, Massachusetts 02109


(617) 695-2100


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
North American Management Corp is located at the address Ten Post Office Square Suite 1200 in Boston, Massachusetts 02109.  They can be contacted via phone at (617) 695-2100 for pricing, hours and directions.  For more information contact H.  Greenwood, Trading ManagerNorth American Management Corp provides Investment Planning, Investments, Brokerage Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to North American Management Corp view the map to the right.  For reviews of North American Management Corp see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Mutual Funds
, Stocks
, Employee Benefits
, Corporate Bonds
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Mortgages
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Futures
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Government Securities



SERVICES


Financial Services
, Investment Services
, Commercial Services
, Business Banking
, Investments
, Brokerage Services
, Investment Planning
, Insurance
, Corporate Services
, Individual Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (617) 695-2100
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Mt Auburn Management


3 Post Offfice Sq Ste 500 500 Ste Boston, Massachusetts 02109




Daniels Belden


5 Sentry Hill Pl  Boston, Massachusetts 02114




Method Advisors  LLC


192 South st Ste 600 Ste 600 Boston, Massachusetts 02111




Interinvest Corp


84 State St Ste 500 Boston, Massachusetts 02109




Lincoln Investment Planning, Inc


84 State St Ste 740 Boston, Massachusetts 02109




SULLIVAN HOUSING TRUST


1734 Washington St  Boston, Massachusetts 02118





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




H.  Greenwood
Trading Manager
Phone: (617) 695-2105 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























North American Management Corp Has $465,000 Position in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Oracle Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Oracle Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Baystate Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (EBSB)
Zacks Investment Research Lowers TPI Composites, Inc. (NASDAQ:TPIC) to Sell
Insider Buying: Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Buys 894 Shares of Stock
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NYSE:DGX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday
Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 200 Shares
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:WWE) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.12
Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Rodney I. Smith Sells 2,000 Shares of Smith-Midland Corp. (OTCMKTS:SMID) Stock
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades UFP Technologies, Inc. (UFPT) to Hold
First National Bank of Omaha Holds Stake in Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII)
Capital Product Partners L.P. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (CPLP)
Donegal Group, Inc. (DGICB) Declares $0.12 Quarterly Dividend
Farmers & Merchants Bancorp (OTCMKTS:FMCB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA) Position Increased by Intermede Investment Partners Ltd
North American Management Corp Has $465,000 Position in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)
Starbucks Corporation Target of Unusually High Options Trading (SBUX)
Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Continental Resources, Inc. Lifted by Jefferies Group (CLR)
DA Davidson Comments on Washington Federal, Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (WAFD)
Bailard Inc. Purchases New Stake in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)







North American Management Corp Has $465,000 Position in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments




North American Management Corp continued to hold its stake in shares of  Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 9,282 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock at the end of the second quarter. North American Management Corp’s holdings in Oracle Corporation were worth $465,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in ORCL. Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of  Oracle Corporation by 1,150.0% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. now owns 2,500 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 2,300 shares in the last quarter.  Reilly Financial Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of  Oracle Corporation by 8.7% in the first quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,503 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter.  Gradient Investments LLC increased its position in shares of  Oracle Corporation by 79.9% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 2,548 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 1,132 shares in the last quarter.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new position in shares of  Oracle Corporation during the second quarter worth $129,000.  Finally, TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Oracle Corporation by 88.8% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 2,687 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 1,264 shares in the last quarter. 58.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Oracle Corporation alerts:



Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) opened at 50.80 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $48.17 and a 200 day moving average price of $44.23. The company has a market cap of $210.14 billion, a PE ratio of 22.99 and a beta of 1.07. Oracle Corporation has a one year low of $37.62 and a one year high of $51.85. 





Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, June 21st. The enterprise software provider reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.11. Oracle Corporation had a net margin of 24.74% and a return on equity of 20.90%. The company had revenue of $10.94 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.45 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.81 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Oracle Corporation will post $2.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, August 2nd. Investors of record on Wednesday, July 19th will be issued a $0.19 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 17th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.50%. Oracle Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 34.55%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “North American Management Corp Has $465,000 Position in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/22/north-american-management-corp-has-465000-position-in-oracle-corporation-nyseorcl.html. 
ORCL has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Sanford C. Bernstein  reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $54.00 price target on shares of Oracle Corporation in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  set a $49.00 price target on Oracle Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, June 12th. Canaccord Genuity downgraded Oracle Corporation to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $49.00 to $56.00 in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. UBS AG  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target (up previously from $48.00) on shares of Oracle Corporation in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Drexel Hamilton  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price target (up previously from $53.00) on shares of Oracle Corporation in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and thirty-one have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $50.70.
In related news, CEO Safra Catz sold 394,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.01, for a total value of $17,737,585.81. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 855,941 shares in the company, valued at approximately $38,525,904.41. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Thomas Kurian sold 750,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, July 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.46, for a total transaction of $37,845,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 783,533 shares in the company, valued at approximately $39,537,075.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 2,315,101 shares of company stock worth $113,944,409 in the last 90 days. 29.00% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Oracle Corporation Company Profile
Oracle Corporation (Oracle) provides products and services that address all aspects of corporate information technology (IT) environments, including application, platform and infrastructure. The Company’s businesses include cloud and on-premise software, hardware and services. Its cloud and on-premise software business consists of three segments, including cloud software and on-premise software, which includes Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) offerings, cloud infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and software license updates and product support.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ORCL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL).







Receive News & Ratings for Oracle Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































North American Management & Business Corporation                                                                         - Alexandria                                        , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Alexandria



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            North American Management & Business Corporation
                                    



 





















N 


North American Management & Business Corporation                                                                        



2111 EISENHOWER AVE # 300 ALEXANDRIA, VA 22314
Get Directions



(703) 812-8822
www.namgt.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1994
 Incorporated VA
 Annual Revenue $5,628,885.00
 Employee Count 15
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts Ric Murphy                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


North American Management & Business Corporation                                                                         was founded in 1994. The company is located in Alexandria and incorporated in Virginia. North American Management & Business Corporation                                                                         specializes in Management Consulting Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















  Management

































    /resources/213102/64/wp-landscape.css


x

Please accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.         There are some features that may not work without cookies.         To find out more about the cookies we use, visit our cookie information page.       





 
  Sitemap
 
  Contact
 
  Terms of Use
 
  Privacy Statement
 
  Cookies






Henkel North America












Home




Company





Corporate Culture





Strategy





Milestones & Achievements





History




Ranking & Awards






Local Presence





Diversity & Inclusion





Management





Corporate Statutory Compliance





Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act




California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010




Conflict Minerals




Fragrance Ingredients






Governance & Compliance





Downloads







Brands & Businesses





Adhesive Technologies





Markets






Beauty Care





Laundry & Home Care





The Sun Products Corporation








Sustainability





Strategy





Targets




Implementation




Sustainability Management






Our Value Chain





Footprint calculator





Corporate Citizenship





Corporate Volunteering




Social Partnerships




Brand Engagement






External Recognitions





Collaboration & Contacts





Stakeholder Dialogue




Collaboration & Initiatives








Careers





Why Henkel





Henkel Future Colleagues




Functional Areas




What we offer






Students





Graduates





Professionals





Jobs & Application





Application & Selection




FAQ




Connecticut Jobs




Plant Jobs








Newsroom





Videos









Press & Media





Press Releases & Kits





Specials





Company Profile




Sustainability




Sustainability Ambassadors






Download Center





Publications




Footage






Henkel in the Media







Partners & Suppliers





Patent Holders





Supplier Diversity Program












Contact






Add to my collection






Share






Print Page








  Contact our company
  Send this page via email

Close






 Add to my collection562106
HKChannel
myContentLinks


  Show my collection

Close


Social Media
Share this page!


Close



My Collection
























Contact






Add to my collection






Share






Print Page








Open Search 
Close Search 




Open Menu 
Close Menu 













  Contact our company
  Send this page via email

Close






 Add to my collection562106
HKChannel
myContentLinks


  Show my collection

Close


Social Media
Share this page!


Close










North American Management











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Open Image in Lightbox



Close



Jerry PerkinsPresident, Henkel North America and Head of Adhesive Technologies, North America & Latin America 






 
 





Open Image in Lightbox

Close


Jerry PerkinsPresident, Henkel North America and Head of Adhesive Technologies, North America & Latin America 










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Open Image in Lightbox



Close



Jens-Martin SchwaerzlerPresidentHenkel Consumer Goods Inc.






 
 





Open Image in Lightbox

Close


Jens-Martin SchwaerzlerPresidentHenkel Consumer Goods Inc.










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Open Image in Lightbox



Close



Ed VlacichGM Beauty Care Retail North America






 
 





Open Image in Lightbox

Close


Ed VlacichGM Beauty Care Retail North America










 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Open Image in Lightbox



Close



Stefan MundHead Henkel Beauty Care Hair Professional North America






 
 





Open Image in Lightbox

Close


Stefan MundHead Henkel Beauty Care Hair Professional North America





Global Management Board






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Hans Van Bylen

Chief Executive Officer









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Carsten Knobel

Executive Vice President Finance‏(Chief Financial Officer) Purchasing & Integrated Business Solutions









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Kathrin Menges

Executive Vice PresidentHuman Resources and Infrastructure Services











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Jan-Dirk Auris

Executive Vice PresidentAdhesive Technologies









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Pascal Houdayer

Executive Vice President Beauty Care









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





        Bruno Piacenza

Executive Vice PresidentLaundry & Home Care



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966






























 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey
























Closeout Promotional Products: Pens, Pencils & More | Pens.com





































 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























Closeout




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Writing Closeout (2)
					  





						Auto and Home Closeout (12)
					  





						Office Closeout (11)
					  





						Tech Closeout (5)
					  





						Drinkware Closeout (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Assorted (8)
					  





						Black (13)
					  





						Blue (13)
					  





						Brown (1)
					  





						Burgundy (1)
					  





						Custom (2)
					  





						Gold (1)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (7)
					  





						Multi-Color (1)
					  





						Show More...


Price



						$0.39 or Less (2)
					  





						$0.40 - $0.59 (4)
					  





						$0.60 - $0.79 (1)
					  





						$0.80 - $0.99 (3)
					  





						$1.00 - $1.49 (10)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (4)
					  





						$2.00 - $2.99 (2)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (5)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						10 - 49 (5)
					  





						50 - 99 (23)
					  





						100 - 199 (2)
					  





						200 or More (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






Closeout Promotional Items


        31 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Handy Helper Phone Stand





						As low as

		$1.16

						each!


















				Laser Engraved Journal with Strap





						As low as

		$3.19

						each!


















				Executive Notepad with Neon Flags





						As low as

		$1.59

						each!


















				Deluxe Sticky Notebook with Apple Notes





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Window Frame Journal





						As low as

		$1.89

						each!


















				School Pouch





						As low as

		$0.89

						each!


















				Contempo Desk Calculator





						As low as

		$2.29

						each!


















				USB Laptop LED Flex-Light





						As low as

		$1.29

						each!


















				Glitter/Sparkle Pencil





						As low as

		$0.19

						each!


















				Trusty Dual Light with Bottle Opener





						As low as

		$1.49

						each!


















				Patriot Party Light





						As low as

		$0.79

						each!


















				Expedition Key Ring





						As low as

		$1.39

						each!














1
2
3



This closeout sale is a great way to save on some of the hottest promotional items around. From customized key rings that sport your company's logo to colorful pens that your clients can't help but notice, this page contains dependable, high-quality products at a fraction of their regular cost.With your personalized closeout order, you'll receive steeply discounted products without compromising on quality. These savings are sure to magnify your already deep closeout discounts of 50 percent or more. These items aren't just affordable: Designed with the highest quality in mind, they're designed to offer the best value around. Each closeout spiral notebook is held together with the finest plastic rings that can be customized in virtually any color of your choosing.Every sturdy carabiner is tested to ensure that it can hold a solid load. Even the closeout zoom-light key chains that you'll find here are built to emit concentrated, powerful illumination that can help your clients read in the dark or find their way around a closet.Of course, no closeout sale would be complete without a full range of customization options. With over 500 custom colors and the ability to imprint a wide range of images and characters onto each item of your order, your closeout order is sure to help your company stand out from the crowd.These personalized products are great for distributing at big events like trade shows or conventions, and they work well as guerrilla marketing tools as well. You can even use them to turn your next customer appreciation day into an advertising bonanza.Before you place your order, be sure to make it your own. For maximum impact, wrap your items with a printed image or logo that sums up your business. To stay fresh in the minds of prospective clients, imprint your company's slogan or contact information on your closeout products. Once you're ready to purchase, simply choose your desired quantity and await your game-changing shipment.





































Back to School | National Pen




 












  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  



















	    	    
		 
		





Back to School









Fun Supplies 


Everyday Necessities 


Upgraded Basics 




Shop by Category


Pens & Writing


Stationery


Bags


Drinkware


Tech Gadgets


Apparel & Accessories






Top Picks




 






					Deluxe Neon Round Pencil



								As low as 
		$0.16

								each!







 






					The Campus Backpack



								As low as 
		$7.86

								each!







 






					The Star Spiral Notebook



								As low as 
		$1.63

								each!







 






					Clear Solar Calculator



								As low as 
		$2.76

								each!







 






					BIC® 3x3 Die Cut Sticky Notepad-50 Sheet-Octagon



								As low as 
		$0.95

								each!







 






					8" Calculator / Ruler



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					Budget Lunch Bag



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					6 Piece Crayon Set



								As low as 
		$0.44

								each!

































Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products | National Pen
























 














  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  


















 



xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!




  Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products        Shop all Budget Friendly Products                  Shop all Budget Friendly Products         100 for $99 + 50 free   SHOP NOW       contour pens          50 for $64.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens            50 for $49.50   SHOP NOW       Cabaret Stylus Pens          150 for $73.50   SHOP NOW       Executive Cirrus Pens            100 for $59.00   SHOP NOW       DynaGrip Silver Pen          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Crystal Pen            100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Cayes Gel Pen          100 for $65.00   SHOP NOW       Opal Pen            200 for $62.00 + 100 free   SHOP NOW       Superball Pens          50 for $69.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens & Stylus Tips            100 for $68.00   SHOP NOW       Metro Gel Pens          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       TRANSLUCENT SQUIGGLE PENS              Budget promotional products from National Pen are designed to attract the right kind of attention to your business - all at prices that will comfortably fit any budget. Our cheap promotional items include a variety of customizable gifts - including many of our best-selling pens and cheap promotional pen sets. Best of all, we eliminate the guesswork and create pre-selected promotional packages that will help you to spotlight your business or organization, all while keeping more of your marketing budget intact. By offering special, budget promotional pricing on many of our most effective promotional pens, we can simplify the process of ordering custom pens to help you to target more key players in your industry. Our legendary Contour pen is included in our offerings of cheap promotional items. The Contour promotional pen delivers tremendous value with a jumbo-sized barrel, handy pocket clip, smooth-writing ink cartridge, soft rubber gripping surface, and generously-sized imprint field that can hold several lines of personalized text. Shop now and receive factory-direct pricing on these cheap promotional pens. If your tastes run a bit more contemporary, you and your clients will love our Paragon pen, which delivers sleek lines, subtle chrome accents, a polished pocket clip, gleaming low-profile barrel, and plenty of space for your customized message. Looking for combination budget promotional products? Consider the Paragon pen with stylus tip. This handy pen features all of the executive style of our standard Paragon pen but also includes a handy stylus tip that makes interfacing with any touchscreen a simple - and smudge-free, action. Or, our cheap promotional Superball pens will make you feel like you've won the lottery, as significant quantities can be had for pennies on the dollar. Again, these pens, and virtually all of the other pens within our extensive catalog of cheap promotional items, are customizable with your choice of text or graphics. When you are ready to place an order for a batch of budget-friendly products, simply contact us directly or click on the blue customize button on each individual product page. Within minutes you'll create a personalized order at an incredibly low upfront cost. Upon receiving your completed order request, we will get to work immediately and prepare your custom order for shipping in a matter of days. We invite you to customize your order with your choice of imprint - so get creative and include your business contact information, marketing or advertising message, your logo or graphics, or anything else that you feel will add value to your presentation. We will then employ sophisticated engraving or imprinting techniques to bring your creation to life! As always, you'll shop with total confidence at National Pen. We bring decades of experience and leadership to the table, and we offer a 100% quality guarantee, low factory-direct pricing, and an expansive catalog of budget promotional products. Contact us today to get started and we'll help you to assemble a customized order of cheap promotional items that will create added awareness for your brand. We look forward to working with you - after all, your image is our business!     

 







 

Apartment Property Management Companies | APM

















 









Talk to an expert, call 855-378-0956



Single Family
Multi-Family
HOA
Commercial
Property Management  

Property Management  
Resources 
Ask A Pro 
Blog 





toggle menu

Menu









Find Local Multi-Family Property Managers




Select Property Type:
Required
Property's Zip:
Required



Select property typeMulti-Family (2-4 units)Multi-Family (5-19 units)Multi-Family (20-99 units)Multi-Family (100+ units) 

Search


Search the largest directory of duplex or apartment building managers.Let them deal with tenants & legal issues for your real estate investment.




How We Help Find Your Perfect Property Manager



Select your property's type and zip code




Review listings of top local property managers that fit your criteria




Select up to 5 and compare quotes




Discuss your unique needs with the property managers












What Does an Apartment Manager Do?



An apartment or duplex building manager handles the day-to-day operations of an apartment complex, whether big or small. While the responsibilities will vary based on the specific needs of the complex’s owners and the agreed upon employment terms with the management company, their duties can include any or all of the following:

Rental Payment: A manager plays two roles, 1) rent enforcer and 2) payment. They will manage collecting rent and use their local knowledge to set the right rental payment levels to attract tenants and get you the most from your investment.
Manage Tenants: From finding tenants to dealing with complaints and evictions, an apartment complex manager handles it all. In addition they screen tenants, negotiate leases, facilitate move-in and move-out inspections and more.
Maintenance & Repair: a building manager handles the physical management of the property, including regular and preventative maintenance, as well as repairs.
Legal Issues: Professional managers know local, state and national laws for screening tenants, handling security deposits, terminating a lease, evicting a tenant, and complying with safety standards.
Budget & Records: The manager must maintain thorough records, including income and expenses, inspections, leases, maintenance requests, complaints, repairs, rent collection, insurance and can help with taxes for the property.


Any tips on hiring the RIGHT property manager?
Here is a great checklist for finding a capable apartment or duplex complex manager:

Proven Profit: A track record of profitably managing complexes
Reviews: A strong background in customer service and former tenant reviews
Assistance: A crew of maintenance professionals or relationships with local vendors
Planning: Detailed, computerized accounting and seasonal maintenance tracking systems
Licensed: Professional certifications or licenses from trade organizations such as: the Institute of Real Estate Management, National Apartment Association, National Association of Residential Property Managers and the Community Associations Institute.



Do I really need an apartment building management company?
The more tenants you have the higher volume of complaints, maintenance issues, and vacancies you will need to deal with. It is in your best interest to employ a manager to quickly respond to emergencies and collect the rent on time.
Apartment building managers have professional knowledge to assist you with hiring and managing local vendors, keeping current with local, state and federal housing laws, maintaining low vacancy rates, and dealing with sensitive tenant issues such as evictions. 

How can I easily find a property manager?
At All Property Management, we make it easy to find the right apartment complex manager for your rental property, whether you’re looking for someone to manage a few apartments and townhomes, a large apartment complex, commercial property – or a portfolio that includes all these and more. Just select the property type and fill in your rental’s zip code to generate an instant list of apartment building managers in your area. For best results, we recommend interviewing at least two or three companies to find the one that is best suited for your needs. 



Top Multi-Family Cities


Atlanta, GA
Austin, TX
Boston, MA
Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Fort Lauderdale, FL
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Las Vegas, NV
Los Angeles, CA


Miami, FL
Minneapolis, MN
New York, NY
Orlando, FL
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
Seattle, WA
Washington, DC


More











Key Questions Answered
How to Select a Property Manager
DIY vs. Professional Property Management
How much does property management cost?
Top Interview Questions to ask a Property Manager
Does professional property management pay for itself?




Popular Articles
Is Your Rental Property a Meth Lab?
How to Screen a Tenant
Property Management & Gentrification
How to Deal with Tenant Evictions
Property Management Agreements: a Primer






Tools and Calculators
Rent Versus Sell Calculator
Property Investment Calculator
Quiz: Should you manage your own property?




Useful Resources
Property Law Directory by State
Rental Ranking
Rental Health Index
Fair Housing Issues Explained
Free eBook: 7 Deadly Sins of Property Management
Apps and Software Reviews
Sign up for Newsletter












Copyright © 2004-2017
All Property Management™
      All Rights Reserved




Property Owners

Single Family
Multi-Family
HOA
Commercial
Property Management 101
Resources
Ask A Pro
Blog
APM Bulletin



Property Managers

Join Our Network
Resource Center
Client Center



General Information

About Us
Jobs
Contact Us
Terms of Service



Contact Us
Talk to an expert
 855-378-0956      
Follow Us

















