 




Home | Northern Capital Management
























Phone Number: (608) 831-8018





NCM







Northern Capital Management







Northern Capital was founded in 1979 to manage financial assets for individual and institutional investors.  While our portfolio management has evolved and grown with our clients' needs, the focus and mission of the firm has remained constant:  to provide outstanding service and investment performance to each client on an individual basis.
 
Each of our portfolios is managed to meet a client's individual needs, yet all share the common goal of maximizing returns at a controlled risk level.  We accomplish this objective through a disciplined approach that begins with understanding each client's investment goals and risk tolerances. Northern Capital manages a variety of equity, balanced and fixed income portfolios based on our core belief that investors will achieve superior returns by holding a diversified portfolio of securities. 
 
At Northern Capital, we are proud of our long history of providing clients with value-added investment services and are committed to continuing this tradition.







Locally Owned
Locally owned investment advisor serving Madison's individual and institutional investors since 1979.






Professionals
Investment professionals committed to providing customized solutions to meet your investment needs.






Individual Portfolios
Individually managed portfolios increase accountability and reduce overall expenses.






 




Contact Us | Northern Capital Management
























Phone Number: (608) 831-8018





NCM







Contact Us







Contact Us:
Client Services
		Paul Perry
Managing Partner
Telephone: (608) 831-8018
Portfolio Management
& Administration
		Daniel T. Murphy, CFA
Managing Partner
Telephone: (608) 831-8018







 




About Us | Northern Capital Management
























Phone Number: (608) 831-8018





NCM







Meet Our Team





Each employee of Northern Capital brings a unique set of experiences and skills to the company.  As with any successful team, effective leadership is the means by which individual talents are blended together.  The management team, guided by a shared belief in our investment philosophy and process, is committed to providing clients the best possible investment management services. 
 
We invite you to contact us to arrange a meeting to explore how we can assist in achieving your financial goals.


Stephen L. Hawk, Ph.D.
Managing Partner
Mr. Hawk is a Managing Partner and was a founding partner of the firm in 1979.  He is a member of the Investment Committee and is responsible for managing client relationships.  Prior to joining the firm, he was a full professor and Chairman of the Department of Finance at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.  He holds a BBA, MBA and Ph.D. in Finance from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.  He also established the UW Madison Graduate School of Business' Applied Securities Analysis Program, which has received national recognition for its innovative approach toward investment education. 
    
    Daniel T. Murphy, CFA
Managing Partner
Mr. Murphy is a Managing Partner and has been with Northern Capital since 1995.  He is a member of the Investment Committee with responsibility for the firm's asset allocation, portfolio management and investment research activities.   Prior to joining the firm, he was a Partner and Senior Investment analyst at Brinson Partners (UBS Brinson) and an Investment Officer with Ameritrust (Key Bank).  He holds a BBA in Finance and a MBA in Finance and Investment from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.  Mr. Murphy received the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation in 1991 and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Madison. 
    
        Paul A. Perry
Managing Partner
Mr. Perry is a Managing Partner and has been with Northern Capital since 1994.  His responsibilities include managing client relationships, a member of the Investment Committee, and the Chief Compliance Officer.  Prior to joining the firm, he was vice president of trust for Associated Banc Corporation and an economist for First Interstate Bank of Arizona.  He holds a MA (Economics) and a JD from the University of Nebraska and a BBA from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire. Mr. Perry has been in the financial industry since 1983. 
         
       Michael T. Krachey, CFA
Assistant Portfolio Manager
Mr. Krachey is an Assistant Portfolio Manager and has been with Northern Capital since 2003.  As a member of the Investment Committee he is responsible for assisting with asset allocation and portfolio management, as well as overseeing the operational activities at the firm.  Prior to joining the firm, he was a Senior Mutual Fund Accountant at US Bancorp Fund Services.  He holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mr. Krachey received the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation in 2007 and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Madison.

Daniel J. Olkowski
Senior Trader
Mr. Olkowski is a Senior Trader and has been with Northern Capital since 1995.  His responsibilities include executing and managing trades across all asset classes, observing market news and activity, and monitoring client portfolios.  He holds a BS in Economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and is a member of the Securities Traders Association of Wisconsin. 

      
 
    
    






Northern Capital Management LLC                                                                                          - Madison                                           , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Madison



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Northern Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















N 


Northern Capital Management LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8000 EXCELSIOR DR STE 201 MADISON, WI 53717
Get Directions



(608) 831-8018
www.norcap.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 1986
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,519,215.00
 Employee Count 20
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Stephen L Hawk                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1986, Northern Capital Management Llc                                                                                          has been providing Investment Advisory Service from Madison. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Northern Capital Management LLC 8000 Excelsior Dr Madison, WI Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Northern Capital Management LLC
  

8000 Excelsior Dr

Madison
WI
53717




 Reviews



(608) 831-8018
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























Northern Capital Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Northern Capital Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Northern Capital Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:Northern Capital Management, LLCAddress:8010 Excelsior DriveSuite 300Madison, WI 53717Phone:(608)831-8018(608)831-0200Website:www.norcap.comCompany Products:All-Cap Diversified GrowthBalanced CompositeLarge-Cap Diversified GrowthMid-Cap Diversified Growth PortfolioSelect Growth


Northern Capital Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets










































Northern Capital Management, Inc.







































Northern Capital Management, Inc.














Financial Advice For All Seasons



Welcome to Northern Capital Management, Inc.A SEC Registered Investment Advisor located in the beautiful city of Spokane, Washington.Looking for our affiliate Capital Retirement Plan Services, Inc.? Click here.  

























































































Living and working in the Inland Northwest is our constant reminder LIFE HAS MANY SEASONSIt is our vocation to advise clients during every season and ensure they are financially prepared for the future About Us 







 In the late 80's and early 90's, when brokerage services seemed to be the norm, James K. Wilson opened Northern Capital Management Inc. (est. 1992) with the mission of providing non-brokerage fiduciary investment advice to individual clients, families, corporations, foundations, and retirement plans.  In the 20 years that followed, the firm’s retirement plans client base grew significantly. In 2012, Jim opened our affiliated SEC Registered Investment Advisor Capital Retirement Plan Services, Inc. to dedicate staff time and resources to serve those plans and participants exclusively.  Northern Capital Management, Inc. remains focused on the needs of our individual and corporate clients (including non-profits) and we are proud of this work. We value our clients and the relationships we build over time.In every aspect of business it is our mission to provide good council, helpful education, and value added returns in such a way to ensure each client has CONFIDENCE in their financial plans, ENCOURAGEMENT while reaching their goals and PEACE when they think about their future.  Learn More About Our Services  

Individual Clients








 

Corporate Clients
    Stay Connected









Facebook


Twitter


Blog


Videos
 








NorthernCap
Good article on identifying potential money wasters. / https://t.co/LODrPBIOpT https://t.co/noMa5m6wzz
about 3 months ago









NorthernCap
Be aware of sneaky expenses that can throw off your budget. https://t.co/6z8NkBgJSg https://t.co/yvIHttUZ5c
about 3 months ago









NorthernCap
We had a blast at our staff event. Big shout out to #LaserQuest. They really made it a lot of fun. https://t.co/AQSrrqFsj0
about 4 months ago









NorthernCap
Late winter blues? This 75 year on-going study uncovers the secret to what keeps us happier and healthier….… https://t.co/YGS5cq9F7t
about 4 months ago









NorthernCap
Great tips on avoiding cybercrime. 

https://t.co/ZOMlxiXRSS https://t.co/lWrSypZvAK
about 4 months ago





Request ADV Part 2A
 









Learn More
 























Northern Capital Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Northern Capital Management LLC


Northern Capital Management LLC
(CRD# 104975) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Madison, WI.
They
manage $357,600,000 in 273 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Northern Capital Management LLC




8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717
608-831-8018
http://www.norcap.com




http://www.norcap.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

358
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

273
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,309,890







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
Educational seminars/workshops








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, IL, MN, WI






Financial Advisors at Northern Capital Management LLC




Showing 1 - 5 of 5 top financial advisors.





1















Daniel T. Murphy



CRD#:
2653802



8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717




96

Wealthminder
score








Daniel Murphy (CRD# 2653802) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI and has 
over 21 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Susan E. Brown



CRD#:
3023001



8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717




93

Wealthminder
score








Susan Brown (CRD# 3023001) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Paul A. Perry



CRD#:
2440454



8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717




93

Wealthminder
score








Paul Perry (CRD# 2440454) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI and has 
over 23 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Michael T. Krachey



CRD#:
5906746



8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717




90

Wealthminder
score








Michael Krachey (CRD# 5906746) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Stephen L. Hawk



CRD#:
4344641



8000 Excelsior Drive, Suite 201,
Madison,
WI
53717




87

Wealthminder
score








Stephen Hawk (CRD# 4344641) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Northern Capital Management Llc in Norman, OK 73019 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Oklahoma
» Norman
» Specialized Insurance
» Northern Capital Management Llc













Northern Capital Management Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





8010 Excelsior Dr Ste 300 Norman, Oklahoma 73019




 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Northern Capital Management Llc is located at the address 8010 Excelsior Dr in Norman, Oklahoma 73019.  Northern Capital Management Llc has an annual sales volume of 50M – 99,999,999.  .For more information contact Linda  Anderberg, ReceptionistNorthern Capital Management Llc provides Disability Income, Institutional Services, Private Banking to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Northern Capital Management Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Northern Capital Management Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Annuities
, Securities
, IRAs
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Bonds
, Group Policies
, Short-Term Policies
, Stocks
, Money Markets
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions



SERVICES


Financial Management
, Online Services
, Disability Income
, Corporate Services
, Income Planning
, Institutional Services
, Private Banking
, Financial Services
, Retirement Services
, Banking



 


Information

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 75000000
Sales Volume: 50M – 99,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Insurance
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


Gmeiner Enterprises Inc


3233 Dove Crossing Dr  Norman, Oklahoma 73072




Aflac Regional Office Darren Warren


3100 S Berry Rd  Norman, Oklahoma 73072




GRAY R W INSURANCE


1300 Fairsted Ct  Norman, Oklahoma 73071




WOMACK KEN


330 W Gray st Ste 220  Norman, Oklahoma 73069




Farmers Insurance Group


111 N Peters Ave 200 Ste Norman, Oklahoma 73069




HARRINGTON DEAN INSURANCE LLC


110 N Mercedes Dr Ste 300  Norman, Oklahoma 73069





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Linda  Anderberg
Receptionist
Phone: (608) 831-8018 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Services | Northern Capital Management LLC Madison, WI 53717 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFinancial Planners near Madison, WINorthern Capital Management LLCServicesNorthern Capital Management LLC8000 Excelsior Dr Ste 201, Madison, WI 53717(608) 831-8018View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningAsset ManagementAt Northern Capital Management, using asset allocation and security selection, we tailor an investment strategy to fit each individual client's needs and goals. The portfolio reflects each client's desire for capital growth and income, and tolerance for risk of loss and volatility. Some investment strategy themes are highlighted here. Northern Capital believes that understanding each client's specific needs is the foundation for a successful investment advisory relationship. We work to develop strong, lasting relationships with our clients to ensure we meet their short- and long-term goals. Our skilled team of professionals utilize their extensive experience with sophisticated investment planning tools to determine the mix of financial assets best suited to each client's risk tolerance and financial goals. We begin each relationship by addressing the following key issues...InvestmentInvestment ManagementEach employee of Northern Capital brings a unique set of experiences and skills to the company. As with any successful team, effective leadership is the means by which individual talents are blended together. The management team, guided by a shared belief in our investment philosophy and process, is committed to providing clients the best possible investment management services.Mutual FundsAssistant Portfolio Manager Mr. Krachey is an Assistant Portfolio Manager and has been with Northern Capital since 2003. As a member of the Investment Committee he is responsible for assisting with asset allocation and portfolio management, as well as overseeing the operational activities at the firm. Prior to joining the firm, he was a Senior Mutual Fund Accountant at US Bancorp Fund Services. He holds a BBA in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Mr. Krachey received the Chartered Financial Analyst® designation in 2007 and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Madison.Send to PhoneNorthern Capital Management LLC8000 Excelsior Dr Ste 201, Madison, WI 53717(608) 831-8018Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailNorthern Capital Management LLC8000 Excelsior Dr Ste 201, Madison, WI 53717(608) 831-8018Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
 




Investment Strategies | Northern Capital Management
























Phone Number: (608) 831-8018





NCM







Investment Strategies









Strategies Home
Diversified Equity
Diversified Balanced
Fixed Income



Investment Strategies
 At Northern Capital Management, using asset allocation and security selection, we tailor an investment strategy to fit each individual client's needs and goals.  The portfolio reflects each client's desire for  capital growth and income, and tolerance for risk of loss and volatility.  Some investment strategy themes are highlighted here. Northern Capital believes that understanding each client's specific needs is the foundation for a successful investment advisory relationship.  We work to develop strong, lasting relationships with our clients to ensure we meet their short- and long-term goals.  Our skilled team of professionals utilize their extensive experience with sophisticated investment planning tools to determine the mix of financial assets best suited to each client's risk tolerance and financial goals.  We begin each relationship by addressing the following key issues: 
 
 
 
Understanding the client's investment goals and risk tolerance.
Establishing an appropriate investment policy and guidelines.
Selecting the best investment portfolio to meet these needs.
Determining an ongoing plan for communicating with each client to discuss performance results, portfolio strategies, and our financial market outlook.


To meet individual client needs, Northern Capital offers a variety of equity, balanced & fixed income portfolios.  These portfolios range from aggressive growth equity strategies focused on capital appreciation to more conservative fixed income and balanced portfolios, which emphasize capital preservation and income.  All of our portfolios are based on the core belief that investors will achieve superior returns by holding a diversified portfolio of securities. 


Our investment process is centralized and disciplined, with the firm's Managing Partners directing decisions for all portfolios.  Our research objective is singularly focused on identifying companies with sustainable competitive advantages.  Success in this endeavor requires the firm's investment professionals to incorporate a longer-term perspective into their thinking.  Northern Capital's research, while including a comprehensive evaluation of the near-term fundamentals, emphasizes understanding the level of sustainability of a company's secular growth prospects.  A long-term focus, coupled with a thorough fundamental evaluation, improves our ability to anticipate secular change.  More importantly, it provides us with a more comprehensive estimate of a stock's true worth. 
 
Some investment strategy themes are highlighted here. 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














northern capital management llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Capital Management Llc - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Capital Management Llc



Results for Capital Management Llc. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Searches related tonorthern capital management llc



northern capital investments llc


northern management wi


northern capital investments grand ra...


northern capitals



tower capital management llc


northern right capital management


norcap advisors llc


norcap llc




Web Results

Home | Northern Capital Management

norcap.com


Northern Capital was founded in 1979 to manage financial assets for individual and institutional investors. While our portfolio management has evolved and grown with ...



Contact



About Us



Northern Capital Management, LLC - Credio

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/31712/Northern-Capital-Management-LLC


Find details on Northern Capital Management in Madison, Wisconsin. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Northern Capital Management LLC | Wealthminder

https://www.wealthminder.com/.../northern-capital-management-llc/1088


Northern Capital Management LLC is a financial advisory firm with headquarters in Madison, WI serving the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).


Northern Capital Management Llc Buys Apache, American ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/northern-capital-management-llc-buys-apache...


For the details of NORTHERN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=NORTHERN+CAPITAL+MANAGEMENT ...


Northern Capital Management LLC - MapQuest

https://www.mapquest.com/.../northern-capital-management-llc-271102881


Get directions, reviews and information for Northern Capital Management LLC in Madison, WI.


Northern Capital Management LLC - Investing - 8000 ...

https://www.yelp.com/biz/northern-capital-management-llc-madison


Specialties: Northern Capital Management LLC is locally owned and has been operating in Madison since 1979. We are Investment Professional committed to providing ...


Northern Capital Management LLC - BrightScope

https://www.brightscope.com/.../73116/Northern-Capital-Management-LLC


Contact Northern Capital Management LLC or view Northern Capital Management LLC's ratings, investment advice, financial planning and insurance services, and get ...


Northern Capital Management LLC - New home page

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/northerncapitalmanagement...


Find the Northern Capital Management LLC business profile in Madison ...


Northern Capital Management, LLC: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Northern Capital Management, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


NORTHERN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/northern-capital-management-llc-wi


Detailed Profile of NORTHERN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.










Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Capital Management Llc - LookSmart | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Capital Management Llc



Results for Capital Management Llc. Get the look smart on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info




Searches related tonorthern capital management llc



northern capital investments llc


northern management wi


northern capital investments grand ra...


northern capitals



tower capital management llc


northern right capital management


norcap advisors llc


norcap llc




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 




Home | Northern Capital Management
























Phone Number: (608) 831-8018





NCM







Northern Capital Management







Northern Capital was founded in 1979 to manage financial assets for individual and institutional investors.  While our portfolio management has evolved and grown with our clients' needs, the focus and mission of the firm has remained constant:  to provide outstanding service and investment performance to each client on an individual basis.
 
Each of our portfolios is managed to meet a client's individual needs, yet all share the common goal of maximizing returns at a controlled risk level.  We accomplish this objective through a disciplined approach that begins with understanding each client's investment goals and risk tolerances. Northern Capital manages a variety of equity, balanced and fixed income portfolios based on our core belief that investors will achieve superior returns by holding a diversified portfolio of securities. 
 
At Northern Capital, we are proud of our long history of providing clients with value-added investment services and are committed to continuing this tradition.







Locally Owned
Locally owned investment advisor serving Madison's individual and institutional investors since 1979.






Professionals
Investment professionals committed to providing customized solutions to meet your investment needs.






Individual Portfolios
Individually managed portfolios increase accountability and reduce overall expenses.



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


