






The Northstar Group Inc
































 















































 


















 































Client Login



Client Code 


Cost Center 


User Name 


Password 























Proud Members of





































































Resources – The Northstar Group Inc
































 










































Resources














 






 
















































 Welcome to our New Northstar File Upload utility, where you can upload your files directly to us. Files cannot exceed 2 GB. You may upload your Art Files in any format, and we also accept ZIP files. Please do not upload any executable file types, as these will not be accepted. Thank you.  
 

 
 Secure file upload utility, powered by Citrix® ShareFile









Question & Answer – The Northstar Group Inc
































 







































Question & Answer













Common Questions & Answers



What is Cross Media Marketing?
In order to have your clients remember your company, Northstar utilizes Cross Media Marketing. This form of marketing utilizes many different mediums to communicate with your clients. Through Cross Media Marketing, you reach out to your clients through one type of media and they respond to your through a different type of media. Through this avenue you are creating communication and a relationship with your clients and allowing them to also be active in the marketing process. In addition, you are also collecting information about your clients to better learn about what they need.



What is an Aqueous Coating?
An aqueous coating is a fast-drying, water-based, protective coating which is applied right after the ink on a press. It provides a super high-gloss surface, extreme durability which is good for post cards and business cards, dries fast, and is environmentally friendly. If glossy paper isn’t glossy enough for your project, an aqueous coating takes your product’s sheen to the next level.  Some may chose to downgrade to a lower quality, less expensive paper and then apply an aqueous coating. This makes the final product look and feel much more expensive than it really is. Either way an aqueous coating is a great upgrade for your full-color printed product.



What is “print-ready” artwork and why is it important for promotional items and apparel?
When you supply us with a logo or other artwork for a promotional product or embroidered/screen printed item, it is important to provide artwork that is ‘print-ready’. In the past, there were exact technical specifications for what constituted ‘print-ready’ artwork. However, with the advent of advanced image manipulation software, we can be much more flexible with the type of artwork we can accept.
The best format for artwork is EPS, AI (Adobe Illustrator), or any other sort of vectorized digital artwork. If you are not sure if your digital artwork is vectorized, send it to us and we can determine if it is. We prefer digital EPS/vectorized artwork because it can be printed with very little additional manipulation, which saves money and helps accelerate the production of your promo item.
(Vectorized Northstar logo in Adobe Illustrator showing outlines)
We can also accept high-resolution JPG, GIF, PNG, BMP or printed art with solid colors. Our software can vectorize the image or the scan the image, in the case of printed art as long as it is a crisp, clean, large, well-defined image. A small conversion charge may apply in this case.
(Partial high-resolution JPG of the Northstar logo)
The least preferable form of artwork is small, blurry images or images with gradients or non-solid colors. Copying your company’s logo from your webpage definitely does not constitute ‘print ready’.
(Time for a re-design!)
If you do not have print ready artwork, we can still help. Our graphic designers can redraw your artwork or create a new logo that will be both print-ready and a corporate asset for years to come.



What is PMS Color?
Pantone Matching System or PMS color is a standardized color matching system. By standardizing colors, customers and suppliers in different locations can all refer to the Pantone system to make sure colors match without having to contact each other directly. There are literally thousands of PMS colors across several libraries.



What is the difference between Spot Color and 4-Process Color?
Spot colors, such as those in the PMS system, are simply solid colors. Printing in spot color is usually a good idea for text and non-photographic art, because it is much cheaper and faster than 4-process color. For example, most of our envelopes and letterhead are printed using spot colors.
4-process color is derived from printing the 3 primary colors plus black. Printing in 4-process color is generally necessary for photographic reproduction. It is more expensive because each page must be printed on four times for each color.



What is the embroidery setup?
All embroidered artwork must be in finished form that will be put in a program that will set up how the embroidery will be stitched. When designing artwork to be embroidered it is important to note that any text copy must be large enough to write with a crayola in order for the embroidery to look right.
Unlike silk screen, embroidery can be made with up to 9 different thread colors at no additional cost. Embroidery is charged by the per thousandth stitch count and not by the color.


































Blog – The Northstar Group Inc
































 










































Blog











Is Your Data Protected?



Data Encryption is not just for big corporations. In today’s world, small and medium sized businesses also need to be vigilant when it comes to protecting their confidential data. According to Symantec’s 2017 Internet Security Threat Report, 2016 saw a total of 1,209 reported data breaches from companies of all sizes.
36% of those breaches were attributed to Theft of Data/Hackers. While, a combination of Improper Data Use, Accidental Data Loss, Device Theft, and (I hate to say this one) IT Errors accounted for 27% of data loss in 2016! It’s not just hackers we need to worry about anymore, apparently it’s us too.
There are many different approaches to encrypting your data. And, it is true that you do not need to employ encryption everywhere in the infrastructure of your business. Consider the areas where your sensitive data resides and flows. The most common areas where encryption is used are:

Endpoint Encryption – Full PC Disk Drives, Removable Media, and Mobile Devices are encrypted.


File and Folder Encryption – Files, Folders, Shared Drives, and even Cloud Storage are encrypted.


Email Encryption – Desktop, Gateway, and Mobile Emails are encrypted.

Whether driven by compliancy (HIPAA, PCI, etc.), concern for brand reputation, or simply the fear of the legal and monetary costs associated with a breach, your data needs to be secure. Technology advancements have made encryption options more cost–effective and easier for protecting your intellectual property and private data.
For now, I’ll leave you with this thought…
If you do happen to become the unfortunate victim of a data breach, and that data is encrypted…It is still protected.
 






It’s All in the Packaging!



My sales professor in college use to say “If you want to get your message heard, how you say it is as important as what you are saying”. In other words “It’s all in the Packaging!”
A good promotional item can become a great promotional item by simply adding some packaging to it! You have so much more real-estate to add your marketing message and call to action. This simply gets you noticed and your message across before they open the box and take out your promotional item. If done properly every time you client or prospect picks up or sees your promotional time they will think of you, your company and your message.
Prospecting for new clients will no longer be a cold call. Sending out a useful item in a creative package to a prospect before making the call will set you apart from your competition and increase the chance of getting the appointment. Did you know that response rates for direct mail campaigns can increase by as much as 75% when coupled with an effective branded program?
At trades show people are walking through and picking up items and later looking at them at home or in their hotel room. A well-chosen item coupled with a clever designed box or package will help to get your message heard and remembered. Your prospects, or as I like to say, future customers will be more likely to visit your website, give you a call, or request more information.
With the cost of an average sales call at $150 to $450 per call you need to find a more efficient way to get your message across and in front of your prospects and clients. Better yet, wouldn’t it be great to have prospects and clients calling you!
 






Choosing the Correct Promotional Item



So you want to hand out a promotional item to promote your business. You select your item, you hand it out, but you are underwhelmed by the results. What went wrong? Everything!
The correct promotional item once handed out, can get you noticed, build relationships, increase sales and drive you revenue! But first you must make sure that your promotional items match and advance your marketing strategy by asking yourself the following questions.
What is your Objective: An effective promotional handout should be objective focused. Ask yourself what is your desired goal? Is it to launch a new product or service, to reach a new market, or to increase sales of existing product or service?
Who is Your Target Market: Who are you trying to reach? How old are they? What is their job function? Are they tech savvy? Are they male or female or both? Answering these questions will help you build a promotional target profile, which is critical to your success.
What Delivery Method is Best: How are you going to get your branded promotional item to the correct person? It is easier to get your item in the hand of a dock worker than the president of the company. The correct delivery system will get your item in the hands of your ideal person.
What is Your Message: What is the ideal message you want to convey to the person who receives your promotional item? The message is as much about what is printed on the items as the item itself. If your message is not clear, your item will get lost in the clutter. The correct message will get you noticed, remembered and keep you and your company top of mind with your clients and prospects.
With over 20 years of experience The Northstar Group can help to create a promotional strategy and build a promotional plan designed to advance your sales and drive revenue. Click here to contact us and start Driving Revenue!
 






Need Branded Product or Promotional Ideas?



We are pleased to announce a new feature available today from The Northstar Group. You now have the ability to search for branded and promotional products right from our website. This new feature enables you to search, request more info, and request quotes on hundreds of quality products.
To access this new feature, hover over the Resources tab on the top menu, and select Promotional Search. You can also access the site by clicking here.
We hope you find this new feature an easy to use, and valuable, tool in your search for branded and promotional products. Feel free to contact us with any questions, and thank you for your continued patronage.






Social Media: Quantity Vs. Quality



How many followers do you have on Twitter? How many on Facebook? What about connections on LinkedIn?
If you are wishing you had more, think about this before wishing for thousands of fans and followers. While it may seem nice to have the largest fan base in the world, and knowing that your posts, tweets, and notifications are popping up on many newsfeeds, remember that you’re company is not a television station that gets paid based on how many views you receive.
You need to transform your fans into clients.
Since web based marketing is all about reaching out to people and gathering real time data for your company in order to make relationships, it would be in your company’s better interests to have a fan base that you can actually keep up with.
In order to do this, ensure that all your posts are specific to what your business provides. In doing this you will be able to actually socialize with your fan base and serve clients who are interested in a long relationship instead of one job.
Remember, in every business model your can make a sale, however, if you take the time to understand what your client’s needs and communicate with them through Social Media, you are creating brand awareness and creating relationships at the same time.






When Not To Use Your Logo



Your logo is a great way to spread brand awareness, and every company would love to have their clients recognize their logo on sight. While this is the goal, there are times when you should not place your logo on your promotional items.
The way you present yourself to your clients and potential clients can make or break your marketing plan. Think about it this way, you wouldn’t introduce yourself to potential clients without looking professional and put together, so why would you hand out poorly designed promotional items where you squeezed, stretched or distorted your logo just so you could place it on a promotional item. It will not look professional, and this is an example of bad design practices.
If your logo does not fit, there are other ways to represent your brand.
Next to your logo, the next best thing to put in your imprint area is your email and web address. These still list your company name, and you have also provided a point of contact.
Another alternative to placing your full logo on a promotional item is to place an icon in the imprint space that your clients would still recognize. This works best when the icon is a part of your logo and can stand alone.
For example, instead of using the long Northstar logo, the Northstar N could be used in its place because it is associated with the brand.
Furthermore, if you are seeking design help for your promotions to represent your brand in the most professional way as possible while also still remaining true to your company’s standards, Northstar’s design team is here to help with all your marketing and promotional endeavors.






The Importance of Business Cards



Imagine the scene: You are attending a business conference and you hit it off with a potential new customer. You are about to leave and hand them a business card. How does that business card look? Does it represent your brand? Is it clean? Is it up with the times?
Your business card is still a physical representation of your services for prospective clients to take home after meeting you. You want to leave a good lasting impression.
No one wants to see a poorly designed business card that doesn’t stick with your standards or what you are offering for your clients.
So if you have not updated your business card if a few years take this into consideration:

Are your logo and layout really working for you? Once you have established a logo, you do not want to completely change it, however, there are ways to modernize it.


Is it clean? If your business card is too busy with too much information on it, your clients could discard it because they do not know where to look first. Make sure the layout makes sense, and make sure you are capturing there attention.


Is the design timeless? The best way to avoid having to redo your business card again and again is to keep it simple and use designs that will still be acceptable in a few years.

 
It is so easy to allow your business cards to become outdated, but if you want your business card to stand out, you need to make sure your design is up to date so you are worth remembering.






Make Print and Promotions Work Together



Both your printed projects and your promotional items, while often distributed separately, are they are meant to work together or show off one united marketing campaign.
Your company standards and design styles play a big part in this, but more than that you need to provide both printed and promotional items to your clients as a single marketing plan.
Here is an example. When you meet a potential client, hand out your business card and receive theirs in return. Your business card is a representation of your company, brand and credibility. After you have established contact with your clients then send out or drop off a promotional item that once again represents your brand and plays off the same design of your business card.
After you have supplied them with a promotional item, invite them to join into you cross media marketing campaign that will keep them up to date on your services and will also continue the conversation.
In this case you are using both print and promotional items as well as your more modern marketing strategies to create a relationship with your clients.
Furthermore, with your printed projects and promotions working together, you are going to create better brand awareness and you will notice the difference in your bottom line.






Be More Social



Take a guess at the amount of emails you receive a day. Now, think about the amount you delete without even opening. The same can be said about mail, promotional items, and whatever else your company uses to send information to your clients.
There is so much information pushed in everyone’s face in today’s market that it is more overwhelming than useful. We pick and choose what it is we want to pay attention to and the rest goes straight into the trash without a second glance.
So the question is how to make your company’s marketing and promotions stand out to your consumers? It isn’t enough to send out an email or hand out a promotional item with your logo on it anymore. Instead, it is time to begin using a new type of marking where the consumer is just as much a partner in the marketing process as you are.
This method of marketing is Cross Media Marketing and it allows consumers to Opt-Into a discussion and receive more information about companies that show benefit to them. Today a company has to be social enough to create the conversation with the consumer, because no longer is it a one way conversation. With Cross Media Marketing, the consumer is playing an active role in the marketing process.
When a consumer Ops-In to receive more information they are genuinely interested in receiving the e-blasts, promotional items, mail, and any other branded messages your company wishes to send out. This will lead to healthier relationships with your clients, and in the end it is not just about one business transaction, but that relationship.
To make sure you are reaching your customers in an effective way, you need to communicate in the way your consumer chooses to communicate. This means reaching out to them through the use of different mediums. Cross Media Marketing will ensure those that are interested will receive information about your company, and will offer them a chance to spread the word to others who may also be interested as well.
More than just connecting with your clients, Cross Media Marketing can show measurable return on your investment. This method of marketing is proven to keep your company fresh in your clients mind and will keep your information out of the trash.






























Oops! 404 Error – The Northstar Group Inc
































 










































Oops! 404 Error














 






 



Return Home


























Demolition, Wrecking & Abatement Contractor  | NorthStar           NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Seven Penn Plaza 370 7th Avenue, Suite 1803 New York, NY 10001Search Search for:     THE WORLD'S MOST COMPREHENSIVE FACILITY & ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY - WE BRING ANSWERS. 24hr Emergency1.800.283.2933 NorthStar provides comprehensive facility services to the world’s largest companies.LEARN MORE 24 Hour Emergency Response. When disaster strikes, we can be on-site at our customers’ facilities within hours alongside emergency first responders.LEARN MORE We serve a variety of industries.LEARN MORE     FACILITY DEMOLITIONOur team will safely and efficiently deconstruct or demolish anything on a job site that must be removed. NorthStar Asset Recovery USA offers clients the opportunity to liquidate on-site industrial assets as part of the plant dismantlement/decommissioning process.READ MOREFACILITY RESPONSENorthStar provides time-critical disaster recovery and clean-up services including fire and water restoration, property protection, and power services, and removal of damaged materials.READ MOREFACILITY ABATEMENTAs one of our hallmark service offerings, Northstar is currently ranked the #1 Abatement Contractor in the nation with ENR. With extensive experience in all types of lead and asbestos abatement,  fireproofing applications, mold remediation as well as hazardous & universal waste removal.READ MORENUCLEARNorthStar has established a reputation for thorough and safe decommissioning of nuclear facilities throughout the world.READ MOREENVIRONMENTAL SERVICESNorthStar offers the full range of remediation contracting services to cover all your soil and groundwater concerns.READ MOREIndustriesINDUSTRIALNorthStar has serviced many Fortune 100 and 500 manufacturing companies nationwide providing turn-key services including abatement, wrecking, decommissioning, emergency response, and site redevelopment.Read moreHOSPITALITYFrom interior demolition to partial facility removal to managing implosions, and from mold remediation to restoration after water intrusion, NorthStar has a long history of working with some of the world’s most recognized hotel chains.Read morePOWERNorthStar is one of the leading contractor of decommissioning and closure services in the Power Industry. NorthStar has performed work at every type of power generating facility including coal fired, gas-fired, steam, electrical and nuclear.Read moreGOVERNMENTNorthStar has provided abatement, demolition and emergency response services to several local, state and federal agencies across the country.Read moreNORTHSTAR RECOVERY SERVICESNorthStar manages expert emergency response and recovery services that help our clients minimize damage and disruption following all types of disasters to restore their busines safely, cost-effective and within a prescribed schedule. READ MORERecent projectsAll projectsAll Work TypesFacility ResponseFacility DemolitionFacility AbatementC and D RecyclingAsset RecoveryDesign BuildCoal Ash (CCR)Facility DecommissioningNuclear DecommissioningEnvironmental ServicesWater Resource ManagementAll SectorsGovernmentNuclearPowerCommercialEducationRetail and FinanceHotel & CasinoHealth & PharmaAll Project VideosCCR REPURPOSING SITENorthStar was contracted to repurpose an existing CCR impoundment...Read MoreEAA A-1 FLOW EQUALIZATION BASIN (FEB)NorthStar provided design engineering services for the Everglades Agricultural Area...Read MoreKISSIMMEE RIVER RESTORATION C-38 REACH 3The project area covers 3,000 square miles, stretching from the southern Orlando area south to...Read MoreRIVIERA LAS VEGAS IMPLOSIONRiviera Las Vegas Implosion...Read MoreUNIT 2 BOILER AT THE APS FOUR CORNERS POWER PLANT – FRUITLAND, NMAPS Four Corners Power Plant in Fruitland, NMRead MoreHARMON TOWER TIME-LAPSEHarmon Tower Time-Lapse...Read MoreDAYTON, TN SILO FIREAsymmetric Emergency Response - A major producer of furniture in the United States contacted NorthStar...Read MoreGRIFFIN WHEEL PLANT – WINNIPEG, CACatastrophic Fire Restoration & Reconstruction March 2015 – July 2016Read MoreCOVINGTON COLLEGE SEMINARYIn March of 2016 Louisiana was hit with record-setting amounts of rainfall that resulted ...Read MoreMOHAVE GENERATING STATIONNorthStar was contracted by Southern California Edison to decommission...Read MoreWSU – MARTIN STADIUMThis Washington State University project was the first phase of a two-phase facilities...Read MoreMOFFETT FEDERAL AIRFIELDNorthStar began this AMEC project by defining a multi-phased process that addressed the...Read MoreHUDSON RIVER MILLThe Corinth, NY International Paper Mill project was comprised of approximately 50 structures...Read MoreHISTORIC ART DECO HIGH-RISEAt 35 stories high, the twin-spire skyscraper at 909 Walnut Street is one of Kansas...Read MoreGSA FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 3Federal Office Building (FOB) 3, owned by GSA, was formerly occupied by U.S. Census Bureau...Read MoreEDITH GREEN-WENDELL WYATT FEDERAL BUILDINGNorthStar performed the extensive interior demolition and abatement of hazardous materials...Read MoreEAGLE POINT REFINERYThe Sunoco Eagle Point Decommissioning consists of the complete demolition of a former...Read MoreDuPont – CRYSTAR AND DMT MANUFACTURING FACILITYNorthStar was contracted to perform the demolition, asbestos...Read MorePAINT MANUFACTURING PLANTNorthStar was contracted to perform the complete environmental...Read MoreGANNON STATION UNIT #5Dismantlement NorthStar was contracted by TECO to dismantle a hung boiler weighing...Read MoreA. J. BLOTCKY REACTOR FACILITY, OMAHA VA MEDICAL CENTERNorthStar was selected as the prime contractor to decommission...Read MoreFORMER PORTLAND GAS WORKS SITENorthStar performed this remediation project at a former Manufactured Gas Plant (MGP).Read MoreFORMER TIE TREATING FACILITY (CREOSOTE)NorthStar performed this remediation project at a former tie treating facility...Read MoreFORMER KINSTON MGP SITENorthStar constructed a 300’ by 100’ by 100’ coffer dam within the Neuse River...Read MoreEAST SIDE REMEDIATION COMPONENTS DESIGN – BUILD PROJECTNorthStar was retained by Pfizer as the prime contractor to design...Read MoreFORMER MANUFACTURED GAS PLANT ISSNorthStar was retained to perform an in-situ stabilization (ISS) project...Read MoreUNIVERSITY OF BUFFALO MATERIAL RESEARCH CENTERNorthStar completed the decontamination...Read MorePEARCE CREEK SEDIMENT DISPOSAL FACILITYNorthStar and Sealaska Corp were contracted by the USACE to provide...Read MoreUNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS NUCLEAR REACTOR LABNorthStar was selected to decontaminate...Read MoreUNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA NUCLEAR REACTOR LABNorthStar was contracted by the University of Arizona...Read MoreWEST BANK & VICINITY (WBV) 72 – LEVEE REPAIRSFollowing the extensive damage of Hurricane Katrina in August 2005...Read MoreSANFORD MGP SITENorthStar was contracted to complete soil remedial activities at the Sanford site including:Read MoreKISSIMMEE RIVER RESTORATION – 13BThe project area covers 3,000 square miles, stretching from the southern Orlando...Read MoreC-111 SPREADER CANAL PHASE I DESIGNAs a component of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Program...Read MoreARCADIS/CSX GAUTIER OIL SITENorthStar to provided a free-product non-aqueous phase liquid (NAPL) recovery trench...Read MoreUNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON NUCLEAR REACTORNorthStar served as the University of Washington's...Read MoreOur Clients      

Nothing found for  Contact Us Contact Form            NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Seven Penn Plaza 370 7th Avenue, Suite 1803 New York, NY 10001Search Search for:     THE WORLD'S MOST COMPREHENSIVE FACILITY & ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY - WE BRING ANSWERS. 24hr Emergency1.800.283.2933It seems that something went wrong!This page does not exist.    News | Northstar            NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Seven Penn Plaza 370 7th Avenue, Suite 1803 New York, NY 10001Search Search for:     THE WORLD'S MOST COMPREHENSIVE FACILITY & ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY - WE BRING ANSWERS. 24hr Emergency1.800.283.2933Vermont Yankee’s Decommissioning to be Accelerated by DecadesIn NewsPress Releases AREVA and NorthStar Form Joint Venture for Decommissioning and Launch process to Acquire Nuclear Facilities  February 1, 2017  No Comments Read More NorthStar #1 in Demolition and #1 in Asbestos Abatement  October 24, 2016  No Comments (New York, NY) October 24, 2016 NorthStar Group Services, Inc was ranked by ENR Magazine as the largest Demolition and Wrecking firm AND the largest Asbestos Abatement Firm in the United States. NorthStar also climbed to #20 on ENR’s annual list … Read More LVI Services & NCM combine to form NorthStar  April 24, 2014  No Comments The Largest Demolition and Environmental Remediation Company in the United States. (New York, NY and Brea, CA) April 24, 2014 LVI Services Inc. (LVI) and NCM Group Holdings, LLC (NCM), the two leading providers of demolition and remediation services in the country, announced … Read More    

Equipment | Northstar            NorthStar Group Services, Inc. Seven Penn Plaza 370 7th Avenue, Suite 1803 New York, NY 10001Search Search for:     THE WORLD'S MOST COMPREHENSIVE FACILITY & ENVIRONMENTAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY - WE BRING ANSWERS. 24hr Emergency1.800.283.2933QualificationsRankingLicensesAwardsPeopleEquipmentFinancial StrengthSafetyLocationsEquipmentNorthStar owns and maintains a large, nationwide inventory of specialized equipment, including, but not limited to: pre-equipped emergency response vehicles, heavy-duty industrial vacuum systems, portable decontamination units and trailers, high-volume air monitoring pumps, air-driven negative-air machines and HEPA vacuums, oxy/acetylene cutting torches, concrete sawing/drilling apparatus, large-volume floor tile removers, 40,000-psi hydro-blasters, soil vapor extraction (SVE) systems, conveyors and chute systems, complete sorbent systems and containment booms, and much more ― plus a full array of heavy equipment such as loaders, bulldozers, crushing plants, cranes, and excavators with state-of-the-art attachments. We also have access to auxiliary equipment at nationwide locations.In any business, and particularly for demolition and environmental remediation work, you must use the right tools for the job. For every project, we consider the site-specific health and safety issues, the ever-challenging demands of new laws and regulations, and bottom-line cost effectiveness in order to match and mobilize the most appropriate equipment resources. NorthStar believes that its customers (and its employees) deserve the best. That’s why we stay on top of the latest the industry has to offer. In some cases, our in-house experts adapt equipment used in other industries to the specialized needs of demolition and remediation projects. When appropriate, our engineers actually design and build specialized equipment and systems that are not available on the market.For example, we invented a water collection system that recovers 90 percent of the water used in hydro-blasting applications and filters it down to .5 microns. We have designed new techniques for cutting open storage tanks for cleaning. And we have invented a now-patented pneumatic separation unit (PSU) that recovers spent bullets from firing range soils or rubber backstop media, so the heavy metal can then be sent to a smelter for recycling and financial gain to our customer.    






North Star Products and Services












































Search






800.352.5837








Products and ServicesYour Goals, Our Support
As an independent organization, we pride ourselves on the wide variety of products and services available to our clients. For each product or service offered, North Star has a dedicated team of specialists available to all financial advisors and their clients to answer any question or concern that may arise.
Learn more about our products and services offered by contacting a North Star Resource Group financial advisor. Read about our offerings below:
Fee-Based Financial Planning A financial plan can help you prepare for life’s adventures, both known and unknown. Whatever your circumstances may be, our financial advisors are committed to helping you develop a well-rounded plan to examine your entire financial picture. Guiding you through both calm and turbulent times, an advisor can help you develop a comprehensive strategy. More»
Investments As an investor, you want your assets to work for you in pursuing your financial goals. With so many choices available and avenues to take in investing your assets, your financial advisor can help sift through the sea of information to develop a well-thought out strategy in determining the correct approach for you. More»
Life Insurance As the financial services industry started out with a focus on life insurance, we too believe that life insurance is a solid foundation to any financial plan. We have the resources to guide you through multiple affordable options customized to meet you and your family’s needs. In the event of a tragedy, you won’t want to worry about financial matters. More»
Disability Insurance As an employed individual, business owner or employer, you understand the importance of protecting and preserving what you have worked hard to create. Disability insurance offers a solid base to any financial strategy by mitigating risk and providing a sense of comfort to the insured and those dependent on them. More»
Long-Term Care Insurance We can help decide on the right long-term care insurance policy for you, in order to reduce the risk of relying on unpaid caregivers or using up your retirement savings. With population changes, increasing lifespans and soaring healthcare costs, preparing for the possibility of needing long-term care has become an essential part of a comprehensive financial plan. More»
Employee Benefits As an employer or business owner, offering a benefits package to your employees is a valuable way to boost productivity, improve morale and attract and retain top talent. Working with your financial advisor, our Employee Benefits team can assist you in obtaining an employee benefits package that is both of high quality and affordable for your employees. More»
 
Contact your financial advisor to learn more on how these topics can affect you and your family.

1820257 / DOFU 07-2017
 








 
 





 
















Contact Us – The Northstar Group Inc































 










































Contact Us





















Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 




























Product Categories  Pontoon Bimini Tops 







































 



NorthStar Products Inc.
i
$0.00
You have 0 items



Search for:






Pontoon Bimini Tops

	Showing all 5 results


Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low






 7ft Long Bimini Top with Frame
 $390.00 

Select options



 8ft Long Bimini Top with Frame
 $400.00 

Select options



 9ft Long Bimini Top with Frame
 $410.00 

Select options



 10ft Long Bimini Top with Frame
 $420.00 

Select options



 12ft Long Bimini Top with Frame
 $635.00 

Select options

ABOUT US
Northstar Canvas Products designs and manufactures top quality bimini tops for pontoon boats, runabouts, and houseboats. All Made in the USA, we pride ourselves on the quality of our product and our focus on customer satisfaction. We've been building canvas for the marine industry for more than 35 years - and we put all that experience to work with each top we build. You will not find a better bimini top on the market  today.

GALLERY


TESTIMONIALS
Storage BootsAndrew,

 

 … Read More »Read More Testimonials
NORTHSTAR BLOG
Pontoon Bimini Tops with Flare for Style … Read More »More Posts from this Category
COLOR CARDS

Letom America Color Options
Sunbrella Color Options



CONTACT US
Phone: (419) 382-8450
Email: info@northstarproductsinc.com

Address:
2925 South Avenue
Toledo, OH 43609 

 ↑ Top of Page


















 





		North Star Group	























































North Star Group



 


Why North Star Group?
North Star Group is a veteran-owned professional services firm offering cyber security, program management, and technical services to the commercial, government, and not-for-profit sectors. Our team of experienced professionals are passionate about providing our clients with high quality, cost-effective technical consulting expertise. We accomplish this by listening to our clients’ unique needs and developing solutions that assist them with achieving their objectives.

 

About Us 
Program Management
Technical Services




Latest Blog Posts

Realizing the Value of Project Management14 September 2016


Project Management: Contract Sections L and M12 May 2016


Project Managers: Tips for Effective Written Communication06 April 2016



Risk Management: Planning for Uncertainty
Download our white paper for details on the risk management process, including an in-depth discussion of risk management planning, tools, mitigation, and response strategies. 
Download Now




Client Testimonials


Sandra Anderson
Communications Program Manager Federal Aviation Administration
"North Star delivers high quality products on time. North Star also provides solid support in the development of a risk adjusted integrated master schedule covering a wide scope, a long …”

Learn More 


Andrew Twomey
President Phycal
"North Star Group answered our requirement with a responsive team, technically superior advice, and a cooperative business approach. Their contribution was essential to a successful proposal and continues to guide …”

Learn More 


Jim Robb
System Wide Information Management Program Manager, Requirements and Governance Federal Aviation Administration
"As your team knows, the SWIM program is one of the seven transformational programs for NextGen.  As we come to the anniversary of another year of support to SWIM delivery of NEXTGEN capabilities …”

Learn More 



View All





































NorthStar Contracting Group, Inc. - Philadelphia, Pennsylvania | ProView





























































Search: 
								Companies or Manufacturers



SEARCH







Search: 
								Companies or Manufacturers




Servicing:
Popular Cities



SEARCH













Pennsylvania-Eastern
Asbestos Removal Contrs. & Consultants







×
					Most Popular Cities
				


Albuquerque, NM
Atlanta, GA
Atlantic City, NJ
Austin, TX
Baltimore, MD
Birmingham, AL
Boston, MA
Brooklyn, NY
Buffalo, NY
Charlotte, NC
Chicago, IL


Cincinnati, OH
Cleveland, OH
Columbus, OH
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Detroit, MI
El Paso, TX
Fort Worth, TX
Fresno, CA
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN


Jacksonville, FL
Kansas City, MO
Las Vegas, NV
Los Angeles, CA
Louisville, KY
Memphis, TN
Miami, FL
Milwaukee, WI
Minneapolis, MN
Nashville, TN
New Orleans, LA


New York, NY
Newark, NJ
Oakland, CA
Oklahoma City, OK
Omaha, NE
Orlando, FL
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
Pittsburgh, PA
Portland, OR
Raleigh, NC


Sacramento, CA
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
Seattle, WA
St. Louis, MO
Tampa, FL
Tucson, AZ
Virginia Beach, VA
Washington, DC















 info 


 2 Projects

















NorthStar Contracting Group, Inc.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19124  (800) 444-9195     (215) 533-8890 

http://www.lviservices.com





×














													NorthStar Contracting Group, Inc. 
												









 Our Story


NorthStar Recovery Services, a subsidiary of LVI Services Inc., manages expert emergency response and recovery services that help our clients minimize damage and disruption following all types of disasters to restore their businesses safely, cost-effectively and within a prescribed schedule.
Our expertise and quick action help ensure that our clients suffer the least possible damage as the result of a catastrophe. With a national network of more than 30 offices and more than 2,500 employees, we can immediately dispatch teams that could range from 10 workers to thousands, depending on the scale of the emergency. Our self-performing and cross-trained labor force has decades of unmatched experience with all types of industries and challenges, and works with the best equipment and technology to clean up the premises following a disaster.
LVI Services, the nation’s leading provider of integrated facility management services, with a broad background in environmental abatement, hazardous waste mitigation, as well deconstruction and decontamination project fulfillment. From the dismantlement of Lower Manhattan’s Deutsche Bank Building, which was badly damaged following 9/11 and a subsequent structural fire, to the demolition of historic Launch Pad 39B, which was deactivated by NASA in 2007, LVI Services has successfully tackled the nation’s most challenging facility deconstruction and abatement projects.
 Founded in 1986, LVI Services continues to meet multi-dimensional needs at industrial, multi-family residential and governmental facilities. With real-time mobilization capabilities via 25 offices nationwide, the company’s expertise includes environmental remediation, asbestos, lead paint, mold, infection control, hazardous materials, fireproofing, emergency and disaster services and demolition.

 view more 




 What We Do



Products and Services



 
 Digestion Material for Asbestos (DMA)
 
 Equipment Erectors
  
 Millwrights
 
 Riggers
  





Blue Book Network Classifications


We can be found under the following Blue Book Network Classifications.
 

 Asbestos Removal Contrs. & Consultants 
							




 Demolition Contractors 
							
 







CSI Codes


Our standard scope of services includes the following CSI Master Format™ code(s).We typically self-perform all materials and installations, unless otherwise indicated below.

 

 01 00 00 - General Requirements





 02 00 00 - Existing Conditions

 



 13 00 00 - Special Construction






 Division Name







Commercial Construction Project Specializations



 
  Military (1)
 





 Company Information


 

Year Established:
1986

 

Bondable:
Not Provided

  

Labor Affiliation:

 Union
								
									 Non-Union
								
							

 

Annual Volume:
Not Provided Request

  

Avg Contract Amount:
Not Provided Request

 

LEED Experience:
Not Provided Request

  

BIM Experience:
Not Provided Request

 

Number of Employees:
Not Provided Request

  

ProView Type:
Subcontractors

 

Service Sector:

 Public
								
								 	  Private
								
						

  

Typical Project Size:

							
									From $100,000 
									 to $4 
						

 

Project Types:

Not Provided Request


  




Go to next section:

Find More Companies Like This













About Us


 Our Story, Products & Services


 Locations & Key Contacts


Portfolio


 Construction Projects


 Video & Image Gallery


 Preferred Brands


News & Reviews


 Ratings & Testimonials


 Referral Network


 Awards


 Articles & Case Studies


Construction Qualifications


 Lic, Ins, Bonding  & Certifications


 Safety Record & Training


 Financial References



















×
Request Qualifications



We are currently not displaying the requested information on our ProView.
									If you would like us to add this information, or send it to you by email, please complete this form.
								



From: 























To : NorthStar Contracting Group, Inc.

I would like to request the following information about you:




 More info about your company.
												





 Your Diversity Classifications.
												







 Information about a product or service.
												





 Your CSI Codes.
												







 Your project(s).
												





 Your testimonials and ratings.
												







 Your license(s).
												





 Your insurance.
												







 Your bonding information.
												





 Your certifications.
												







 Your safety record and training.
												





 More images or a specific type of image.
												







 Your financial references.
												





 Your preferred brands.
												






Do you have any other special instructions, requests or details?








I verify that I am a real person:



										What is 52 + 6?




Cancel
Send














						Copyright © 2017 Contractors Register, Inc.
						
Privacy Policy
Terms of use







×
 ProView Information


Your Package:
 Basic ProView
Your Account Number:
 287999-0
Your Type:
 Subcontractors
Your ProView URL:
 http://www.thebluebook.com/iProView/255080/


Close



















 


Contact Us 








































 



NorthStar Products Inc.
i
$0.00
You have 0 items



Search for:





You are here: Home / Contact UsContact Us

We’d love to hear from you!
Address
Northstar Products Inc.
2925 South Avenue
Toledo, OH 43609
419-382-8450
Email:
andrew@northstarproductsinc.com
Why are our prices so low?
We get this question all the time - "how can you sell your tops so cheap? Are they imported junk tops made with cheap material and parts? NO!!!! All of our products are made right here in the USA with an American labor force. 
We pride ourselves on our quality. Our quality is so good because of our people. 
Besides our amazing people and quality of work they provide we also use the best materials available. 9.25 oz Sunbrella marine grade material, YKK and Lenzip zippers, UV protected anefil thread, and color matched binding. 
Backing all of that up is 35 years experience in design and manufacturing in the marine industry. We know how to design and build our bimini tops and frames so they go up easily and look great - no wrinkles. 
You are probably really wondering now how our tops are so inexpensive. It is simple...we buy a lot of fabric, a lot of aluminum, a lot of zippers, and a lot of thread. We buy hundreds upon hundreds upon hundreds of yards of fabric every year. By doing so we can buy it pretty inexpensively. The same is true for all of the materials we use. 
The other really big advantage is we are the manufacturer. There is no middle man. You do not have to buy from a distributor. You can buy from the manufacturer. You can save hundreds. Check us out and you will be glad you did.


  Recent Posts


So Much More Then Expected…


Perfect Fit!!!!


Storage Boots


Grill Cover


Made in the USA!



ABOUT US
Northstar Canvas Products designs and manufactures top quality bimini tops for pontoon boats, runabouts, and houseboats. All Made in the USA, we pride ourselves on the quality of our product and our focus on customer satisfaction. We've been building canvas for the marine industry for more than 35 years - and we put all that experience to work with each top we build. You will not find a better bimini top on the market  today.

GALLERY


TESTIMONIALS
Storage BootsAndrew,

 

 … Read More »Read More Testimonials
NORTHSTAR BLOG
Pontoon Bimini Tops with Flare for Style … Read More »More Posts from this Category
COLOR CARDS

Letom America Color Options
Sunbrella Color Options



CONTACT US
Phone: (419) 382-8450
Email: info@northstarproductsinc.com

Address:
2925 South Avenue
Toledo, OH 43609 

 ↑ Top of Page




































North Star - Home 











   

 


 

 North Star Marketing Group
 


 

 


 

 Lorenzo Davis
LDavis60@comcast.net
P: 281.492.0484
F: 281.579.1837
 
 









Home Product Catalog My Account Contact Us Why Use Promotional Products? 










 




   



 




  Welcome 




 






 Our mission is to provide you with the best promotional products possible. We work with premier Suppliers, and are dedicated to providing you with top quality promotional products to help ensure the success of your business. Our experienced and highly trained staff are ready to take on your marketing needs. No matter what your budget is, we have a solution for you!
 



 




  



 




 


Apparel, Caps, and Hats


Automotive Accessories


Awards and Recognition


Backpacks, Bags, and Totes


Badges, Buttons, Magnets, and Stickers


Business, Desktop, and Office


Calendars


Clocks and Watches


Computer Accessories


Diaries, Journals, and Notepads


Drinkware


Electronics


Fitness, Health, and Safety


Food and Edibles


Games and Novelties


Home and Housewares


Jewelry


Luggage and Travel


Outdoors, Sports, and Leisure


Pocket and Purse Accessories


Tools


Writing Instruments







 Search For Your Favorite Promotional Products!
 






 






Product Search:     Advanced Search | Tips

 Number   Name   Description

                  
All Words
Any Word
Exact Phrase
Partial Match












 Featured Product!Click on the product for more details
 






 










BIC ® Clic?






                        As low as 
                        89¢ 



















  






 


Home | 
		Product Catalog | 
		My Account | 
		Contact Us | 
		Why Use Promotional Products?
 






   






 



 




 



 










THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC.











Company number S95998
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 650296564
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 1/4/1995
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/22/1991
        

Principal Address
            ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, 250 AUSTRALIAN AVE. SOUTH SUITE 400, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33401
            


Mailing Address ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, 250 AUSTRALIAN AVE. SOUTH SUITE 400, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33401
        
THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC. Principals

Director
                Wayman Edwin B
                 


Address
                250 AUSTRALIAN AVE. S., SUITE 400, W. PALM BEACH, FL
                 



Director
                Wright Larry E
                 


Address
                250 AUSTRALIAN AVE S., SUITE 400, W. PALM BEACH, FL
                 



Director
                Goodman John
                 


Address
                250 AUSTRALIAN AVE S., SUITE 400, SEATTLE, WA
                 







Last Annual Reports

1994 5/1/1994
            

1994 5/1/1994
            

1993 4/19/1993
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name GUTIN               KATHLEEN L. (p)
        

Agent Address
                ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, W. PALM BEACH, FL, 33401
                

THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC. Events

1 AMENDED AND RESTATEDARTICLES
            

filedDate 4/29/1992
            


2 VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION
            

filedDate 1/4/1995
            

Description
THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC. has been set up 11/22/1991 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The THE NORTHSTAR GROUP, INC. principal adress is ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, 250 AUSTRALIAN AVE. SOUTH SUITE 400, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33401. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, 250 AUSTRALIAN AVE. SOUTH SUITE 400, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33401. 
The company`s registered agent is GUTIN               KATHLEEN L. ONE CLEARLAKE CENTRE, W. PALM BEACH, FL, 33401.  
The company`s management are Director - Wayman Edwin B, Director - Wright Larry E, Director - Goodman John. The last significant event in the company history is VOLUNTARY           DISSOLUTION which is dated by 1/4/1995. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 5/1/1994.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
THE NORTHSTAR GROUP OF DELAWARE, INC.
THE NORTH STAR INSTITUTE, INC.
THE NORTHSTAR MARKETING AND PROMOTION GROUP, INC.
THE NORTH STAR NETWORK, INC
THE NORTH TAMPA BAY CONSERVATION CLUB, INC.
THE NORTH TENNESSEE BIBLE INSTITUTE AND SEMINARY INC.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About WEB RESULTS


Northstar Ski Resorts December 2014 Holiday Events



skiing.about.com
 above Northstar California on a snowshoe featuring telescopic viewing with Star Guide and poet, Tony Berendsen. The two to two and a half hour guided tour begins at the Cross Country Ski, Telemark & Snowshoe Center at 5 p.m. The group will meander the serene forest
More »






Northstar at Tahoe - Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe



mountainbike.about.com
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Well-Marked Mountain Biking Trails. 

While there are plenty of options for visitors to Northstar\s mountain bike park, trails are easy to navigate thanks to a rating system similar
More »






Northstar at Tahoe - Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe



mountainbike.about.com
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Enjoy The View. 

Every now and again, I caught myself stopping (out of harm’s way, of course) to enjoy the view. Northstar offers some spectacular scenery, and I recommend taking
More »






Northstar at Tahoe - Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe



mountainbike.about.com
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Northstar at Tahoe Summer Events. 

Every year, Northstar at Tahoe hosts the Tara Llanes Classic mountain bike race where racers (such as the one shown here) cruise down the mountain
More »








RELATED SEARCHES



Northstar Engine Problems






Northstar Train






Northstar Energy






Northstar Collections






Northstar GPS






Northstar Marine






Northstar Engine Diagram






Northstar Study Guide






Northstar Engine Performance






Northstar Engine Recall






MORE About WEB RESULTS


Northstar at Tahoe - Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe



mountainbike.about.com
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Mountain Biking Northstar at Tahoe.
Feel It Out Before You Go All Out. 

My first day at Northstar began with a one-on-one session from their “Learn to Bike Academy” which acted as a refresher, covering basic
More »






The Village at Northstar and Mountainside



vacationhomes.about.com
North Lake Tahoe.
Village Living at Northstar, California.


The evolution of Northstar California began nearly a decade ago with a new base village that currently serves as a lively social hub for families. A collection of restaurants, shops, and 213
More »






Northstar Crokinole Board



boardgames.about.com
Crokinole Boards by Carl and Stan Hilinski.
Northstar Crokinole Board by Carl and Stan Hilinski.


Crokinole, dating back to at least 1876, is one of the most enduring and most popular flick-and-bounce dexterity games, a family that also includes Carrom
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Northstar Engine Problems






Northstar Train






Northstar Energy






Northstar Collections






Northstar GPS



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.

















