





















































































Profile: Northlight - Risk.net































Events 


Awards


White papers


Research 


Books


Jobs


Newsletters


Welcome


My account


Sign in









Risk.net






    Search risk.net
  




































Profile: Northlight















(l to r) Cyril Armleder, Shahar Zer, Charles-Henri Lorthioir 

 


Rob Davies
 01 Feb 2010







Tweet
 




Facebook
 




LinkedIn
 




Save this article





Send to
 




Print this page
 






The three credit market professionals behind Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund tell Credit why the high yield market is poised for significant growth in the next five years. April 2009 was hardly an opportune time to launch a new credit hedge fund. While depressed asset prices made credit cheap on a historical basis, investor caution meant it was hard securing the capital to start up new funds, while banks were reluctant to provide liquidity funds needed. So around that time, Cyril Arm












To continue reading...



Sign In

















Remember me

Forgot your password?





For assistance please contact our customer service team Phone: +44 (0)1858 438 800 Email: [email protected]





Start a Risk.net Trial
Register for a Risk.net Business trial to access this article. Sign up today and get access to:

News & Analysis articles
Email newsletters
A range of apps

Start Trial
Previously trialled? Subscribe now

















              More on Hedge funds            









 Redemptions focused within strategies suffering losses in 2016  


 04 Apr 2017










 Hedge fund redemptions a dismal end to a bad year


 01 Mar 2017










 Larger funds are net losers as outflows continue


 16 Jan 2017










 October redemptions largest yet for hedge funds


 28 Dec 2016












 Eurekahedge data on individual hedge fund and FoHF performance


 05 Dec 2016










 New hedge fund plans on grabbing flash-crash profits


 25 Oct 2016










 FSOC focuses on non-cleared trades in buy-side Sifi debate


 21 Oct 2016










 Hedge funds seeking cheap hedges for Italian referendum


 14 Oct 2016















7 days in 60 seconds


 



 Stress testing, cyber risk modelling and machine vision

The week on Risk.net, July 14–20, 2017
Receive this by email






Most read on Risk.net





BlackRock to use machine learning to gauge liquidity risk


Repeal CEM; reform SA-CCR


Bailout obsession holds back US CCP resolution regime 


UK proposes gold plating of liquidity risk rules


BNY Mellon’s Neal on funding, liquidity and collateral










    Back to Top
  



You must be signed in to use this feature
Sign in




























 







HedgeZ Fund Profile
































Northlight European
Fundamental Credit Fund

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        The Fund is a long/short high yield credit fund with a directional bias. The Fund's objective is to generate attractive liquidity adjusted absolute returns with an emphasis on risk management and capital preservation. The investment manager uses extensive bottom-up fundamental analysis to identify opportunities with an attractive risk return profile. Research is carried out by an in-house team of analysts, who make use of proprietary and third party research to build financial models and formulate investment recommendations. Market analysis contributes to determining an instrument's relative value, pricing trends and liquidity risk.
The Fund will typically invest in the secured and unsecured bonds and loans of sub-investment grade companies which derive a substantial part of their revenues from activities in Europe or whose capital structure instruments, in part or in total, trade in Europe. These instruments may be listed or unlisted and may or may not be rated.
Capital is allocated to high conviction investments through long, short, event, relative value and trading strategies.
 
                                    

















 







































Market veterans launch European credit fund | Hedgeweek








































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 



Login
Register
 











Sign up for free newsletter 




Operational Resource Centre

Technology Resource Centre

Market Trends









news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs

Awards










HomeNewsArticles and Features

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


Market veterans launch European credit fund

Tue, 01/12/2009 - 11:55 
Tags
						: 
Articles and Features











A team of credit market veterans from Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers and GLG Partners have launched the Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund, long/short credit fund. 
The team behind the fund have worked together previously and have a strong record in credit investments, trading and of managing funds with similar strategies.
Cyril Armleder and Charles-Henri Lorthioir worked at Goldman Sachs and then at GLG Partners in the capacity of co-manager and credit research analyst for the Credit Fund and various long/short credit, event driven and special situations portfolios in excess of USD1.5bn.
Shahar Zer spent ten years at Lehman Brothers where he headed the leveraged loan trading desk and helped build out the European high yield platform.
The Cayman-based Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund mainly focuses on high yield investment opportunities in Europe. The team believes that the European High Yield market is poised for significant growth over the next five years. This is driven by capital constrained banks reducing their lending, the continued closure of securitisation markets and companies’ desire to diversify their funding sources.
The fund employs a 3WayNAV mechanism, which deals in a bid, mid and offer NAV struck independently by Citco Fund Services using market prices. The fund deals monthly on a bid NAV for the outflow and the offer NAV for the inflow and allows matching inflows and outflows at the traditional mid NAV.
Dan Page, Managing Director of BRT’s business development, says: “The global economic events of 2008 triggered a global paradigm shift in the funds industry. Many managers have taken steps to beef up their corporate governance and operational infrastructure. However, while many existing managers have battled outmoded infrastructure and re-organisation, the door has been opened wide for new managers and platforms to explore a blank sheet approach to operating in the new paradigm.
“Northlight is one such company. It has worked with BRT, Citco, JPMorgan and KPMG to address the issues of investor alignment, manager to investor alignment, risk control and transparency. At the same time it has retained an operational structure than enables it to fulfil its investment objectives and deliver in its alpha-generating sphere.”
The minimum initial investment is EUR1,000,000 and the minimum subsequent investment is EUR75,000.







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 



 









 





Furtherreading
	

from Hedgeweek  
Best wishes for 2017 from the Global Fund Media team
Fri 23/12/2016 - 08:30


Best wishes for 2016 from the Global Fund Media team
Wed 23/12/2015 - 08:00


Hedgeweek USA Awards 2015 – last chance to vote
Thu 25/06/2015 - 10:40


Hedgeweek Global Awards 2015 – Voting now closed
Thu 15/01/2015 - 08:19


Gottex reports positive performance for alternative and multi-asset product lines
Tue 22/07/2014 - 13:01



from our other sites 

Low rates and new regulations keep market conditions challenging, says Greenwich Associates
Wed 23/07/2014 - 12:01


Beringea’s portfolio company Abzena raises GBP20m through AIM listing
Wed 23/07/2014 - 08:59


Changes to Barclays OFI SteelPath Midstream MLP Index
Tue 22/07/2014 - 12:05


CCP closes USD500m healthcare PE fund
Tue 22/07/2014 - 12:01


PowerShares Canada adds two ETFs to smart beta line
Tue 22/07/2014 - 06:03



 
 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 

Blogs 
 
Building investment fund structures - from start-up to stardom
Tue, 2017-07-25 12:05

 
 
Before you head to the beach…
Fri, 2017-07-14 09:35

 
 
The CFTC provides more robust protection to whistleblowers
Wed, 2017-07-12 14:22

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
Mitigating compliance risk for PE managers
Thu, 2017-07-20 10:29

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 Intralinks Insights Briefing: 2017 LP Survey 
 Thursday, September 21, 2017 - 08:00  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Mining Investment Middle East and Central Asia 2017  
 Monday, October 9, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs
Awards 
Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved






 HFM Global | An information and networking resource

 






 





































































MENU



































SEARCH >









HFMWeek
HFM Compliance
HFM InvestHedge


EuroHedge
HFM Technology
CTA Intelligence


Absolute Return
AsiaHedge
Alt Credit Intelligence




Membership services




 
 



Recently Saved Articles

You haven't saved any articles yet!








x

Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you enjoy the best experience on our website. If you continue, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE >
LEARN MORE >














Our world-class portfolio of membership services provides access, insight and deep knowledge to support hedge fund professionals in making better informed decisions.
	










START A FREE TRIAL >





FREE NEWSLETTER >








 





Actionable Intelligence

					We support a global community of hedge fund professionals by providing intelligence and insight across a
                    wide range of news, research, data, analysis, performance, events, contacts, networking opportunities and online resources
				

					These provide actionable intelligence which enable you to better raise capital, comply with regulations and benchmark against peers.
				













Tailored to Your Firm’s Needs

						Membership to HFM opens up a whole world of access, insights and content. You can choose a package to suit
                        your role and organization for a tailored and relevant solution, designed to ensure you get real value and tangible ROI.
					

						Benefit from enterprise membership which includes all of our products, a bespoke selection, or one of our suggested
                        product combinations.
					








                                        The industry’s single source of news for the global hedge fund community, we provide more fund analysis,
                                        industry research and investor news than any other forum.
                                    






                                        With technology at the forefront of your business, offering opportunity, risk and expense, we expose exposes the
                                        most essential developments and biggest stories in the hedge fund tech space.
                                    






                                        Knowing that good compliance can be a competitive advantage is a key part of running a modern hedge fund management business.
                                        HFM Compliance provides practical insight on the latest global regulatory, tax and compliance trends.
                                    








                                        Focused coverage of European single manager hedge fund performance, including fund profiles, research and rankings
                                        such as new fund, asset, admin and PB surveys, and league tables.
                                    






                                        Dedicated coverage of Asia-Pacific based hedge fund performance and hedge funds investing in the region. Featuring fund
                                        profiles, research and rankings and league tables, this is the leading title for the Asia-Pac market.
                                    






                                        Specific coverage of North American single manager hedge fund performance, including fund profiles, research and rankings
                                        such as new fund, asset, admin and PB surveys, Billion Dollar Club and league tables.
                                    








                                        Incorporating the best of HFM Investor Relations and InvestHedge and providing global coverage of the diverse range of hedge
                                        fund allocators. Featuring monthly investor mandates, research and rankings such as the FOHF Billion Dollar
                                        Club and sales and marketing advice for asset-raising.
                                    






                                        For futures specialists and commodity traders, CTA Intelligence provides daily insights and intelligence for CTA Managers
                                        into key strategic opportunities and issues globally.
                                    






                                        Specifically for managers pursuing credit and fixed income strategies, Alt Credit Intelligence is this growing sector’s
                                        best source of information covering new strategies, peer performance, compliance and investor flows.
                                    






START A FREE TRIAL







 





Membership Services

News and Analysis
Your choice of news, analysis, opinion and performance reporting relevant to your region, function or strategy, including fund profiles and launches, people moves and global rankings.




Events
Free access to our monthly breakfast briefings in North America, Asia and Europe, invites to our world-renowned summits, conferences and webinars and entry to our prestigious awards.




Data
Tracking over $2 trillion in AUM and over 17,000 funds, our database is a powerful tool used by the global hedge fund industry to benchmark performance, conduct due diligence and discover sales prospects.




Insights and Reports
Access to HFM’s monthly series of online research reports, HFM Insights, exploring different themes affecting hedge funds. Plus, receive copies of periodical special reports and the biannual Global Review.




Jobs Board
HFM advertises roles across the hedge fund industry, buy-side and sell-side, front and back office.. Search career opportunities and advertise your own job vacancies for free on our job board.




Directories
Make intelligent and informed buying decision with the HFM service directory, VendorCheck, an all-inclusive database of key industry expert contact details.








START A FREE TRIAL >

ABOUT MEMBERSHIP >




FREE NEWSLETTER >








Key Facts
The numbers that make-up the globe’s most respected and used hedge fund information brand.









787
Member organisations




106
Events a year




361
Articles a month












Events










Workshops UK  |  13 September 2017


HFM & Capital Support workshop – From Mifid II to GDPR: A guide to incoming regulations for the hedge fund CTO
A half-day educational workshop exploring the technology challenges facing hedge fund managers today and best practice tips on Mifid II and optimising tech infrastructure





Summits US  |  24 October 2017


HFM Chicago Operational Leaders Summit 2017
An exclusive networking event for senior hedge fund operations executives based in the Midwest.




 


Awards US  |  19 October 2017


HFM US Hedge Fund Performance Awards 2017
Join HFM for an evening of recognition and reward for those hedge funds that have outperformed their peers over the past 12 months.









Awards UK  |  12 September 2017


HFM European Hedge Fund Technology Awards 2017
An afternoon to acknowledge and celebrate IT and software providers serving the hedge fund sector that have demonstrated exceptional customer service and innovative product development over the past 12 months.







 



EVENTS   >










Testimonials












We have come to rely on HFM as the best source of intelligence on the hedge fund space. It carries news on the latest launches, while its events are the best industry gatherings for this sector’s key decision maker. Our membership to HFM continues to be invaluable.



Consultancy leader at a global prime brokerage business









While other publications tend to brush the surface of this industry, HFM’s strength is its ability to really cover a huge array of issues. The level of technical detail it provides serves a vital information need. We often pick up valuable insight in HFM before being told by our primes and external counsel.



General counsel at US-based $7bn manager









HFM has created a stream of information that genuinely informs us. Whether through its online coverage, or regular events, we have found that this platform is capable of providing real insight across a number of issues and for a number of different professionals and departments at my firm.



COO at UK-based $10bn + manager
















Become a Member





		Becoming an HFM member opens up a whole world of benefits for you, your
		organization and your bottom line. Start a no obligation free trial to experience our service for yourself.
	



START A FREE TRIAL





FREE NEWSLETTER












+Specialist Networks for the latest industry trends
+Direct access to Industry Intelligence
+Benchmarking Your Firm
+Global Networking Opportunities
+Unique and Actionable Data Resources
+Dedicated Analysts and Account Handlers

















































×



As part of a merger between Hedge Fund Intelligence and HFM Global, EuroHedge, AsiaHedge, Absolute Return, Absolute UCITS and InvestHedge will now be located on the HFM Global platform. You still have access to all of the content you are used to seeing from these titles, in a new, easy to navigate format. Go to the Products tab on the menu and locate the title you wish to view. 
If you are an existing subscriber you will have been sent new login credentials











NORTHLIGHT EUROPEAN FUNDAMENTAL CREDIT FUND Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NORTHLIGHT EUROPEAN FUNDAMENTAL CREDIT FUND
                    

•   GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund is based out of George Town, Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-17. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NORTHLIGHT EUROPEAN FUNDAMENTAL CREDIT FUND, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




northlight european fundamental credit fund


UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309

GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-1104


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (345) 949-8066







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/17/2016
D/A filed on 10/14/2015
D filed on 09/26/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
441,605
INDEFINITE


2015-10-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
400,000
INDEFINITE


2014-09-26
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
400,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   NORTHLIGHT GCI

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



LARS   KROIJER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MASSIMO   FERRI

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   NORTHLIGHT GCI

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



OLIVIER   BASSOU

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



SARAH   CAYGILL

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free
























Managers






































ABOUT


AGENDA


SPEAKERS


DELEGATES






REGISTER NOW







SkyConX




PARTNERS


VENUE


CONTACT








DELEGATES



Investors


Managers



Media











Below is a list of all Managers who are currently registered for SALT 2017.




 






















 
 


 

 















 

Copyright &copy 2017 SkyBridge Capital.  All rights reserved.  Terms and Conditions




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














northlight european credit fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Shop Northlight - Save 20%-50% on Décor | themine.com



Ad
 ·
www.themine.com/​Décor



Free Shipping on All Orders! Shop Fine Furnishings at The Mine.





Wall Art & Décor



Home Accents




Rugs



Textiles





Searches related tonorthlight european credit fund



northlight theatre




Web Results

Northlight Group LLP Northlight European Fundamental ...

https://meetingsandevents.jpmorganchase.com/metron/(medialibrary...


Northlight Group LLP Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund Liquid Europe Long / Short High Yield Firm Information Firm AUM: $415,000,000 as of Apr 01, 2017 Firm ...


NORTHLIGHT European Fundamental Credit Fund - ISDA

www.isda.org/.../sbpdf/NORTHLIGHTEuropeanFundamentalCreditFund.pdf


Friday 28th May 2010 Form of Adherence Letter NORTHLIGHT European Fundamental Credit Fund Ugland House, South Church Street Georgetown, Grand Cayman


Northlight's European Fundamental Credit Fund pioneers ...

www.hedgefundintelligence.com/Article/2376348/Northlights-European...


Northlight's European Fundamental Credit Fund pioneers novel way to calculate NAVs Thu Jan 21, ... The new Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund ...


NORTHLIGHT EUROPEAN FUNDAMENTAL CREDIT FUND

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/northlight-european-fundamental...


Detailed Profile of NORTHLIGHT EUROPEAN FUNDAMENTAL CREDIT FUND portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund L.P. Form D ...

form-d.findthecompany.com/l/374532/Northlight-European-Fundamental...


Research private fundraising by Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund L.P.. Find the details of their April 13, 2017 Form D filing and compare it to their past ...


Re-united team sets up European credit fund, Northlight ...

www.opalesque.com/...sets_up_European_credit_fund_Northlight515.html


This week sees the launch of the Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund, long/short credit fund, set up by a team of credit market veterans who were formerly at ...


Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund L.P in George ...

listings.findthecompany.com/l/274359651/Northlight-European...


Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund L.P is a holding company located in George Town, Cayman Islands. View contact info, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Managers - SALT Conference Speakers

www.saltconference.com/managers.html


Dakota Pacific Global Macro Fund LLC; DG Capital Management, LLC; ... Northlight European Fundamental Credit Fund; Nuveen; NuWave Investment Management;


Fundamental Credit Fund - hedgez.com

hedgez.com/FundViewer/northlight-european-fundamental-credit-fund


Northlight European. Fundamental Credit Fund. Fund Investment Objectives. The Fund is a long/short high yield credit fund with a directional bias.


Northlight European Credit Fund adds Andrew Pucher as ...

www.hedgeweek.com/2010/03/03/37156/northlight-european-credit-fund...


Northlight European Credit Fund, the credit hedge fund launched in December last year, has appointed Andrew Pucher as a director of its active and independent board.










Shop Northlight - Save 20%-50% on Décor | themine.com



Ad
 ·
www.themine.com/​Décor



Free Shipping on All Orders! Shop Fine Furnishings at The Mine.





Wall Art & Décor



Home Accents




Rugs



Textiles




Searches related tonorthlight european credit fund



northlight theatre




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








