



Home - NorthRock Partners


































































Main Menu
























A Financial Strategy Unique to You


Everyone has a different approach – philosophical and practical – to managing their money, as well as unique short and long-term goals. So before we make one recommendation, we learn about you.


Our Approach











Trusted Financial Advice for Life


We can’t always know where life will take us. But when you have decisions to make about your financial future, lean on NorthRock Partners.  We’re an independent firm offering expert advice, a wide range of products and extraordinary services for every aspect of your financial life.


Our Services











Our Team


Whenever you need a trusted advisor, our passionate team is here to support you and your family. Whether your shift is momentous or incremental, turn to NorthRock for steady support, wise counsel and strategic planning that stands the test of time.


Meet Our Team











Contact Us


650 Third Ave S, Suite 1500

Minneapolis, MN 55402


info@northrockpartners.com

office: 612.367.8800

fax: 612.367.8886


Contact Us
















Home 




Integrity. We always act in your best interest and only recommend products and services based on your particular financial objectives, time horizon, tolerance for risk and other considerations unique to you.



Confidentiality. The trust that our clients place in us is our most valued asset. We strive to earn your trust through our high ethical standards and an ongoing commitment to safeguarding your personal information.



Professionalism. We put the needs and expectations of our clients at the forefront of every relationship. We maintain the highest standards of professionalism by delivering quality advice, services, and products to help you reach your goals.




































Our Team - NorthRock Partners






























































Main Menu























Our Team 


AllAdvisorsTeam LeadersClient Support TeamRob Nelson, ChFC®CEO & Founding Partner612.367.8801rob@northrockpartners.comRob Nelson, ChFC®CEO & Founding Partner612.367.8801rob@northrockpartners.com Rob is the CEO and Founding Partner of NorthRock Partners. Throughout his career of over 20 years as a Financial Advisor, Rob has focused on providing his clients with exceptional advice and superior service. Rob graduated from Bemidji State University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. Rob has consistently been named by Barron’s as one of the top financial advisors in the country.
Rob's goal is to maintain close, confidential relationships with his clients while guiding them through often complex financial decisions in their life. A desire to put this approach into wider practice led to the creation of NorthRock Partners. Rob believes NorthRock serves clients best by collectively coordinating all aspects of their financial lives. His clients range from corporate executives, entrepreneurs and professional money managers to professional athletes, including members of the NFL, NHL and NBA.
Rob and his wife Lucinda live in the North Loop neighborhood of Minneapolis and enjoy everything the city has to offer. 
Jim Lund, CFP®, MBACCO & Founding Partner612.367.8803jim@northrockpartners.comJim Lund, CFP®, MBACCO & Founding Partner612.367.8803jim@northrockpartners.com Jim is the CCO and Founding Partner of NorthRock Partners. He has been a Financial Advisor for over 27 years and came to NorthRock Partners from Ameriprise Financial. Jim has been named one of America’s top financial planners by the Consumers Research Council of America. Jim attended Mankato State University, earning a Bachelor of Science in Biology and an MBA in Marketing and Management. He also attended the College of Financial Planning in Denver, Colorado where he earned his Certified Financial Planner degree. 
 Jim has made numerous contributions to local and national media ranging from the Wall Street Journal and Forbes to the Star Tribune. He’s been the guest lecturer at the University of St. Thomas, the University of Minnesota and Concordia University. His primary area of practice is with corporate executives, business owners, families and non profits. 
Jim is a member of the Financial Planning Association and the Investment Management Consultants Association. Jim has also served on many local boards in leadership roles, including board member and chair of the Development Committee of the American Red Cross for the St. Paul, Minnesota area. He and his wife Dawn reside in Plymouth and have three children, Christina, Melissa and Matthew. In addition to spending time on the lake or up at the family farm in Finlayson, Jim is active in his church and enjoys home improvement projects. Dominic Knauf, MBAManaging Partner612.367.8839dominic@northrockpartners.comDominic Knauf, MBAManaging Partner612.367.8839dominic@northrockpartners.com Dominic is the Managing Partner of NorthRock Partners.  He joined NorthRock Partners in 2016 with 17 years of experience in the financial services industry.  Dominic brings with him extensive knowledge of the financial advisor career, people leadership and mergers and acquisitions.  He received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Mary, and his Master of Business Administration from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota. 
As NorthRock’s Managing Partner, Dominic is responsible for the firm’s overall strategy and execution.  His primary duties include: people development, delivery of client services, firm growth strategy and financial management of the corporation.
Dominic and his wife, Suzanne, along with their three children, Addie, Brooks and Kettie, live in Golden Valley, MN.  They are members of Westwood Lutheran Church, and enjoy spending time in the summer at the lake cabin and golf course.
Brent PutzPresident & Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8805brentp@northrockpartners.comBrent PutzPresident & Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8805brentp@northrockpartners.com Brent is President of NorthRock Sports & Entertainment. He joined NorthRock Partners in 2017 and has 11 years of experience in the financial service industry. Brent’s depth of knowledge of financial management for professional athletes has gained him credibility within the sports and entertainment arena. He graduated from St. Johns University with a degree in Business Management.
As President of NorthRock Sports & Entertainment, Brent serves professional athletes, corporate executives, entertainers, their management teams and families to create and maintain a solid foundation for long term financial success. Brent works with the team of specialized professionals at NorthRock Partners to manage all activities related to his clients’ financial lives, including financial management and investments, banking support and bill payment, tax planning, estate planning, charitable planning, branding efforts, endorsements, insurance and investments.
Brent and his wife, Tara along with their daughter Brea live in Plymouth, MN. They enjoy being active in their community and spending as much time as possible with friends and family.
Brian KruseVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8813brian@northrockpartners.comBrian KruseVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8813brian@northrockpartners.com Brian joined NorthRock Partners in 2011 as a Private Wealth Advisor after 12 years as a Sales Manager for a technology company. His commitment and dedication to working with clients and their families in all areas of their financial life allows for a deep understanding of our clients needs. Brian excels in relationship building, which is evident in his daily work. Brian graduated from the University of St. Thomas.
Brian works with a wide range of NorthRock Partners clients including newly established and longstanding corporate executives and professional athletes from the NFL, NHL, NBA and WNBA. Brian is known for his professionalism and honesty while guiding his clients through financial decisions. He values the personal relationships that he enjoys with his clients. 
He and his wife, Kim live in Edina with their two daughters, Ava and Lydia, and their son, Calvin. In addition to being active in his church and mentoring students at the University of St. Thomas, Brian enjoys spending quality time with his family.
Brooks BollingerVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8819brooks@northrockpartners.comBrooks BollingerVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8819brooks@northrockpartners.com Brooks Bollinger joined NorthRock Partners in 2017 as Vice President, Private Wealth Advisor. Brooks graduated from the University of Wisconsin– Madison, where he was a standout football player. He was drafted by the New York Jets in 2003. As a former NFL quarterback, Brooks holds a unique depth of knowledge regarding the complex financial needs of athlete clients.
As an Advisor within the NorthRock Sports + Entertainment division, Brooks works with professional athlete clients, their management teams and families to create and maintain sound financial planning solutions. Brooks works with the team of specialized professionals at NorthRock Partners to manage all activities related to his clients’ financial lives.
In addition to being an Advisor, he is the head coach for the Cretin-Derham Hall High School football team. Brooks and his wife Natalie live in Eagan, MN with their four children. He enjoys spending time with family and friends and is an avid golfer.Shawn Jacobson, CFP®, ChFC, MBAVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8818shawn@northrockpartners.comShawn Jacobson, CFP®, ChFC, MBAVice President, Private Wealth Advisor612.367.8818shawn@northrockpartners.com Shawn joined NorthRock Partners in 2017 as Vice President, Private Wealth Advisor. He has been in the financial services industry since 1991. Shawn has extensive knowledge in retirement and estate planning and works with the team of specialized professionals at NorthRock Partners to manage all activities related to his client’s financial lives, including tax planning, estate planning, insurance and investments. He received his Bachelor’s degree from the University of Northwestern, in St. Paul, MN and completed his MBA at the University of St. Thomas.
Shawn is currently working on his Masters of Science in Financial Services at the College for Financial Planning and will complete the designation in 2017. He has been quoted in the Star Tribune, Pioneer Press, USA Today and seen on KSTP and WCCO television.
He believes in giving back to both his community and his profession through various volunteer activities. He is an active member of the Financial Planning Association, serving on a local and national level. He served as the President of the FPA of Minnesota in 2008. He also volunteers and has held volunteer leadership positions with Best Prep, a non-profit organization devoted to preparing students with business, career and financial literacy skills.  Shawn currently resides in St Louis Park with his wife Jennifer and his two daughters, Kenna and Ava.
Jed MagstadtPrivate Wealth Advisor425.272.3906jed@northrockpartners.comJed MagstadtPrivate Wealth Advisor425.272.3906jed@northrockpartners.com Jed is a Private Wealth Advisor at NorthRock Partners. He has over 5 years of experience in the financial services industry. Jed received his degree in Finance from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

Jed works with a wide range of clients from small business owners, to executives and retirees. He invests the time to develop a thorough understanding of his client’s financial situation and aspirations. Jed is known for his attention to detail and professionalism while guiding his clients through complex financial decisions. He most enjoys growing strong personal relationships with his clients and their families.

Jed and his wife, Aly, live in Seattle, WA. He enjoys spending time with his friends and family, coaching youth basketball and traveling. 
Donny BraunVice President612.367.8808donny@northrockpartners.comDonny BraunVice President612.367.8808donny@northrockpartners.com Donny began his career at Ameriprise in 2001 as a Financial Advisor and joined NorthRock Partners as an Associate Financial Advisor in 2004. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Bemidji State University. 
As Vice President of NorthRock Partners, Donny works closely with CEO and Founding Partner, Rob Nelson, to provide competent guidance in order to meet the complex needs of our most affluent clients.
Donny and his wife Robin live in Ham Lake with their two children, Deuce and Jackson. He is an avid outdoorsman and enjoys coaching youth football, basketball and spending quality time with his family.
Matt Olson, CPAPartner, Senior Tax Specialist612.367.8812matt@northrockpartners.comMatt Olson, CPAPartner, Senior Tax Specialist612.367.8812matt@northrockpartners.com Matt joined NorthRock Partners in 2005 after working as a Managing Director with American Express Tax & Business Services. He is a licensed CPA in Minnesota and currently heads the NorthRock Partners Tax Team working closely with many of our affluent clients. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from Tulane University and has an MBA from the University of Minnesota.
Matt applies all of his experience and skills in the areas of comprehensive tax planning and tax preparation for individuals and businesses.
Matt is an active member of AICPA. He lives in Edina with his wife Amy and their two children, Abby and Tatum.Brent Field, CFA®Chief Investment Officer612.367.8807brent@northrockpartners.comBrent Field, CFA®Chief Investment Officer612.367.8807brent@northrockpartners.com Brent joined NorthRock Partners in 2006 after working as a Financial Advisor with Ameriprise Financial. He received his Bachelor of Science in Business Management with a focus on international business and finance from St. Cloud State University.
He leads NorthRock’s Investment Team in researching and implementing asset allocation, researching and selecting investments, directing trading activities and managing portfolios. He earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2006.
Brent is a member of the CFA Society of Minnesota. He and his wife Rebecca reside in Roseville with their two daughters Jaelyn and Kyrie. He enjoys watching all major sports leagues as well as participating in recreational sporting activities. In addition, he loves to travel and spend time with his family. 
Rebecca LongawaVice President, Brand Development612.367.8836rebecca@northrockpartners.comRebecca LongawaVice President, Brand Development612.367.8836rebecca@northrockpartners.com Rebecca has spent years working alongside professional athletes and brings a keen understanding of sports clients as well as a passion for building personal brands and relationships. She joined NorthRock Partners in 2015 and brings her experience to life in the work she does through NorthRock Sports and Entertainment, a division of NorthRock Partners. 
 From concept to execution, Rebecca focuses on both the day-to-day management of athlete brands, as well as the development of their future potential. With experience working in web, print and film, she has mastered the art of launching and maintaining brands across multiple channels. 

Rebecca is a Leadership Committee member for Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, a member of Team Women, MN and serves on the Welcome and Worship Teams at Trinity Church in Lakeville. Rebecca and her two children, Sydney and Roman, live in Burnsville and enjoy serving in the community, creative arts, hiking, camping and fishing.
Samuel Cari, J.D.Director of Estate Planning612.367.8832sam@northrockpartners.comSamuel Cari, J.D.Director of Estate Planning612.367.8832sam@northrockpartners.com Sam is the Director of Estate Planning at NorthRock Partners. He joined NorthRock after practicing law at a firm where he worked on a variety of cases and practice areas, including estate planning, probate, litigating disputed estates and trusts, family law and civil litigation. Sam received a B.A. in Finance from the University of St. Thomas and a law degree at William Mitchell College of Law. He is licensed to practice law in both Wisconsin and Minnesota.
He truly enjoys working with clients to make sure every aspect of their estate plan is well conceived and correctly implemented. He understands the importance of the comprehensive planning that NorthRock offers its clients.
Sam is an active member of the Lake Minnetonka Excelsior Rotary Club and the Minnetonka Yacht Club. He enjoys serving his community. He and his wife Erin live in Deephaven with their two children, Nell and Sam. His family enjoys spending as much time as possible on the lake.

Pam HagenBanking Specialist612.367.8817pam@northrockpartners.comPam HagenBanking Specialist612.367.8817pam@northrockpartners.com Pam Hagen joined NorthRock Partners in 2011 as Banking Specialist. She has been in the Financial Services industry for over 14 years including roles in Accounting and Client Service.
At NorthRock, Pam is responsible for managing full-service banking relationships with our high-net-worth clients. Pam oversees a banking portfolio of our most complex accounts managing cash flow analysis, bill pay and other banking services. Pam takes great pride in knowing our clients entrust her with the day to day management of their banking duties allowing them to gain valuable time back into their lives.
Pam and her husband Brent live in Moundsview, MN where they enjoy traveling, attending and participating in sports activities, gardening, going on walks with their dog Jenna and spending time with family. Todd Bullinger, CPASenior Tax Specialist612.367.8824todd@northrockpartners.comTodd Bullinger, CPASenior Tax Specialist612.367.8824todd@northrockpartners.com Todd joined NorthRock Partners in 2011 after working for 11 years as a Tax Manager at McGladrey, a national CPA firm. He received his Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the University of North Dakota and has a Master’s of Business Taxation from the Carlson School of Business at the University of Minnesota. He’s a licensed CPA in the state of Minnesota and works alongside Matt Olson within our NorthRock Tax team. 
 Todd works closely with advisors to provide comprehensive tax consulting services. Some of his areas of focus are working with professional athletes and independent business owners.
Todd is an active member of the AICPA. He and his wife Tiffany reside in Eden Prairie where they stay busy raising their children, Benjamin, Morea and Cameron. When time provides, Todd enjoys traveling and is an avid outdoorsman.
Kristin BildenClient Service Manager612.367.8802kristin@northrockpartners.comKristin BildenClient Service Manager612.367.8802kristin@northrockpartners.com Kristin is one of the original staff members at NorthRock Partners and began working with NorthRock’s Founder and President, Rob Nelson, in 1995 after graduating from Moorhead State University with a degree in Business Administration.
 As a Client Service Manager, Kristin’s role is to fully support our Advisors which allow our Advisors to spend more time focusing on advice for our clients. Kristin also works closely across various company departments as a thought leader, to deliver guidance, great client service and accuracy to all areas of our practice. 
 In her spare time, Kristin enjoys traveling and watching her kids’ sporting events. She lives in Chanhassen with her daughter Jenna, and son Jackson. 
Craig MorcosClient Service Manager612.367.8815craig@northrockpartners.comCraig MorcosClient Service Manager612.367.8815craig@northrockpartners.com Craig joined NorthRock Partners in 2008 and has been working in the wealth advice industry for over seven years. He graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a degree in Finance. 
 Craig’s current role is in support of Brian Kruse and his diverse client base. He focuses on providing excellent and timely service to both athletes and corporate executives alike. His broad knowledge of advice coupled with his background in administrative service has proved to be invaluable in his role as Client Service Manager.
 In his spare time, Craig enjoys attending concerts and supporting all local Minnesota sports teams. He lives in St. Paul with his son, Jack. 
Beth ReevesClient Service Manager612.367.8826bethr@northrockpartners.comBeth ReevesClient Service Manager612.367.8826bethr@northrockpartners.com Beth joined NorthRock Partners in 2017 with 18 years of combined financial services and customer service experience.
As Client Service Manager, her primary role is to support Brent Putz and the NorthRock Sports and Entertainment division through ongoing client communication, scheduling, meeting preparation and cash flow management.  She strives to provide timely communication to clients with a genuine desire to understand their needs and goals.
In her spare time, Beth enjoys playing volleyball, spending time with family and friends and supporting Minnesota sports teams. She currently resides in St. Louis Park, MN.
Christina LundClient Service Manager612.367.8833christinal@northrockpartners.comChristina LundClient Service Manager612.367.8833christinal@northrockpartners.com Christina joined NorthRock Partners in 2014 after graduating from Arizona State University with a degree in Journalism and Mass Communication (Go Sun Devils!).
Christina’s current role is in support of NorthRock’s Founding Partner and CCO, Jim Lund. She focuses on providing ongoing communication and timely service to Jim’s diverse client base including corporate executives, business owners, families and local nonprofits.
Christina is an active member of Minnesota’s FPA chapter. In her spare time, she enjoys coaching a local high school dance team, relaxing on the lake with family and friends, and reading a good book. She currently lives in Richfield.
Kristina BackesSenior Executive Administrator612.367.8810kristina@northrockpartners.comKristina BackesSenior Executive Administrator612.367.8810kristina@northrockpartners.com Kristina joined NorthRock Partners in 2013 after graduating from St. Cloud State University with a degree in Business Management. She started her career with NorthRock Partners specializing in client operations, and later transitioned into a Client Service Manager role. 
Her primary role includes working closely across advisors practices, with a focus of supporting both Dominic Knauf and NorthRock Partner’s Tax Team. 
 Kristina is a member of Team Women MN. She enjoys living and working in downtown Minneapolis as well as spending time on the lake with her family and friends. 








































Craig Morcos - NorthRock Partners


































































Main Menu























Craig Morcos 

Client Service Manager612.367.8815craig@northrockpartners.com Craig joined NorthRock Partners in 2008 and has been working in the wealth advice industry for over seven years. He graduated from the University of St. Thomas with a degree in Finance. 
 Craig’s current role is in support of Brian Kruse and his diverse client base. He focuses on providing excellent and timely service to both athletes and corporate executives alike. His broad knowledge of advice coupled with his background in administrative service has proved to be invaluable in his role as Client Service Manager.
 In his spare time, Craig enjoys attending concerts and supporting all local Minnesota sports teams. He lives in St. Paul with his son, Jack. 
 


































Our Approach - NorthRock Partners































































Main Menu























Our Approach 


For your customized financial management strategy, we draw on our comprehensive in-house capabilities, ranging from retirement and estate planning to tax planning, insurance and asset management. To ensure you get the benefit of the best thinking in every area, we complement our expertise with a network of carefully chosen specialists, including money managers, accountants, insurance professionals, estate-planning attorneys and mortgage and real estate experts. We’re also happy to collaborate with your current team of advisors to ensure continuity.
Finally, we put your strategy into effect with a simple objective: build a strong portfolio to achieve your goals while minimizing potential risk.
Investment Philosophy

Our overarching investment philosophy is to build broadly-diversified portfolios that seek to maximize returns given each client’s targeted risk profile. By asking the right questions and carefully listening to our client’s goals, we construct personalized solutions, avoiding a one-size-fits-all approach to asset management.
The core tenets of our philosophy can be characterized as follows:

We believe a well-diversified portfolio will add significant value over-time — giving our clients the best opportunity to meet their long-term goals. Generally, our clients’ portfolios will be invested in over 20 asset segments across the full investment spectrum – domestic and global, equity and fixed income, developed and emerging markets, real assets, and alternative strategies
We strive to maintain fully invested positions in virtually all economic environments and market conditions, rebalancing periodically to maintain strategic asset allocations among all your holdings – including your 401(k), stock options and other executive benefits – to create a personalized plan tailored to your specific situation and goals.
We utilize the full array of investment strategies and portfolio construction techniques to meet client needs, including:

Active and passive investment strategies
Tax aware and tax efficient portfolio construction
Multiple investment structures (e.g. mutual funds, ETFs, closed-end funds, private placements, separate accounts, variable contracts, hedge funds, and alternative investment strategies)





Investment Process




Customized Investment Strategy Development


We take a holistic approach to wealth management based on the understanding that each client has a unique financial situation, needs, goals and aspirations.  We “connect the dots” among all your holdings – including your 401(k), stock options and other executive benefits – to create a personalized plan tailored to your specific situation and goals.




Proprietary Asset Allocation Model


We leverage our proprietary asset allocation model to help clients develop a comprehensive and long-term investment strategy that provides a solid framework for portfolio construction. We periodically adjust this strategy to ensure that all asset allocations reflect our current views on risk.  This shorter term “overlay” helps to capitalize on opportunities presented by current market conditions.  Through this blend of strategic and tactical asset allocation, we seek to achieve specific performance targets with a corresponding emphasis on wealth preservation and risk management.






Disciplined Investment Selection Process


At NorthRock Partners, we offer access to the entire financial marketplace, complemented by favorable institutional pricing.  To identify the "best-in-class” money managers, we follow a disciplined selection process that includes an in-depth analysis of each manager based on important quantitative and qualitative factors.  Our quantitative analysis focuses on each manager’s performance, fee structure, and risk as measured against appropriate benchmarks and peer groups, while our qualitative analysis takes into account their philosophy, approach, and history of the funds they manage.




Proactive Monitoring and Rebalancing


We actively monitor the performance of our selected money managers to ensure they meet relevant benchmarks and remain true to their stated investment objectives.  At the same time, we continually monitor our client’s investments to remain ahead of changes and events that could affect long-term success.  Rebalancing portfolios back to a pre-determined, targeted allocation is core to our disciplined approach to investing.  It helps to prevent overexposure or underexposure to any one asset class and encourages investors to buy low and sell high.






































NR Sports and Entertainment - NorthRock Partners
































































Main Menu























NR Sports and Entertainment 


We help professional athletes create a strategy to leverage their earnings into a lifetime of financial security.
NorthRock Sports and Entertainment manages all activities related to your financial life, including analysis and management of spending habits, tax planning, estate planning, charitable planning, insurance and investments. We work with athletes, entertainers, their management teams and families to create a solid foundation for long term financial success.
We want to help you succeed in all aspects of your life. Let us be a part of your team.







                        INVESTMENTS
                    




                    Investments to help make the most of your current earnings – and plan for income later
                    in life including:
                    
Management of all investments
Establish a detailed investment plan based on clients risk tolerance
Review all new investment opportunities
Build a diversified global investment portfolio
Coordinate all investment activities regardless of where held
Review and establish private investments








                        FINANCIAL LITERACY
                    




                    Education on your investments so that you have clear insights into your portfolio and know what to expect from your investments
                






                        LEAGUE BENEFITS
                    




                    Management of league benefits, including health care, 401(k), and pension
                






                        BILL PAY
                    




                    Our bill pay services simplify your life and help you make the most of your surplus cash. Our bill pay services include:
                    
Assistance with banking relationships
Payment of some or all day-to-day bills
Manage and monitor day-to-day banking activities
Credit management
Assistance with mortgage and lending activities
Credit repair coaching








                        BUDGETING
                    




                    Reviews of monthly spending and cash flow
                    
Direct Deposit and collection of all income sources
Detailed monthly cash flow reporting on expenses from all sources
Establish regular income for clients and families








                        TAX SERVICES
                    




                    Tax services, including coordination with your team to complete the necessary paperwork, plus meeting multi-state filing requirements. Our tax services include:
                    
Conduct annual tax filings
Make estimated tax payments, if necessary
Track monthly deductions / write-offs
Coordinating with your team to complete necessary paperwork
Multi-State Tax Filings








                        FOUNDATION AND CHARITABLE GIVING
                    




                    Foundation set up and charitable giving strategies
                    
Assist in the set up of 501c3 or donor advised fund
Advise on tax efficient assets to gift
Advanced gifting strategy planning
Assist in the set up of foundation










                        RISK MANAGEMENT
                    




                    Customized risk management strategies to protect wealth and limit exposure to potential risks through the establishment of Limited Liability Companies as needed and the management of all insurance plans such as:
                    
Disability Insurance
Life Insurance
Property and Casualty Insurance
Specialty Insurance
Health Insurance








                        ESTATE PLANNING
                    




                    With an emphasis on reducing estate taxes and minimizing probate costs, we will aid the
                    coordination of the key aspects of your estate plan—wills, life insurance and trusts—and
                    assemble a team of experienced professionals to work with you.
                






                        MARKETING AND BRANDING
                    




                    Our in-house Brand Manager has over 13 years of experience in sports marketing and communication. Together, we work with top marketing and advertising firms to assist our
                    clients with:
                    
social media strategy
website development
ongoing web maintenance








                        FAMILY FINANCIAL SUPPORT AND MANAGEMENT
                    





Mentoring family members on financial planning
Supporting family members’ financial planning needs








                        LIFESTYLE MANAGEMENT
                    




                    In addition to the peace of mind that comes with NorthRock Partners’ help overseeing your wealth and investments, we also provide some of our clients with services which are highly customized and may include:
                    
Exclusive access to special events
Travel arrangements
Relocation services
Vehicle research and acquisition

                            Property management (while traveling)
                            
Security and technology management
Day to Day maintenance and monitoring








NFLPA 
NorthRock Partners is registered with the National Football League Player’s Association Financial Advisor Program. The Financial Advisor Program is the first of its kind in professional sports, providing access to financial advisors whose backgrounds have been pre-screened by the NFLPA.


































Contact Us - NorthRock Partners






























































Main Menu























Contact Us 












Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 
Please enter the text below






































Services - NorthRock Partners































































Main Menu























Services 


A Wide Range of Services Provided By Experienced Professionals

In addition to your primary financial advisor at NorthRock Partners, your support team includes experienced professionals who are certified experts in key areas that benefit you.







                    Tax Preparation & Advice
                




                Because tax planning plays such an important role to the overall success of meeting our clients' financial objectives, NorthRock Partners provides tax preparation and consulting services as a core component of our overall service offering. These services include investment tax strategies and the preparation of individual and fiduciary tax returns.  The ability to seamlessly integrate this service into your comprehensive financial plan, allows our advisors to create solutions that highly impact your overall net worth.
            






                    Customized Investment Planning
                




                Our holistic approach to wealth management is founded upon the understanding that each client has a unique financial situation and individual goals.  NorthRock Partners believes that broad portfolio diversification across multiple asset classes and investment strategies will provide significant risk-adjusted value for our clients. Through our proprietary approach to manager selection, we will identify an appropriate mix of investments that is consistent with your values and goals, your comfort with risk, and your current time horizon and assets.  We utilize researched strategies, access to institutional-class money managers and investment vehicles to put your customized plan into action.  We will work closely with you to help you understand the trade-offs between potential return and inherent portfolio risk.
            






                    Bill Pay Services
                




Simply defined, monthly bill pay and budgeting can help simplify your life and provide you added peace of mind by taking this daily chore off your hands, and also help you make the most of your surplus cash.

                    Our bill pay service revolves around a personal relationship with each of our clients. We can help simplify your household with a range of service solutions, including:
                    
Managing money movement between your bank and NorthRock Partners' custodian
Cash flow reports that enable you to see exactly what you're spending each month
Issue resolution through our strong relationships with Personal Bankers at Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank
Assistance with merchant issues, like help in resolving card disputes
Assistance getting utilities set up or shut off when you move








                    Retirement Income Planning
                




                At NorthRock Partners we utilize a personalized approach to retirement planning that incorporates income distribution planning, investment management, Social Security planning, health care planning, long-term care planning, estate planning and risk management. We draw on the extensive experience of our financial professionals to help create a clear, actionable roadmap in planning your retirement.
            






                    Estate Planning Services
                




                Whether you want to maximize inheritance for your heirs, keep the family business in the family, or leave a philanthropic legacy, we work diligently to make your wishes a reality. With an emphasis on reducing estate taxes and minimizing probate costs, we will help coordinate key aspects of your estate plan—wills, life insurance and trusts—and assemble a team of experienced professionals to work with you and your other advisors.
            






                    Executive Compensation
                




                We understand that your busy career often affords you little time for managing your finances. At NorthRock Partners, we help executives navigate the maze of regulatory issues and diversification strategies affecting your wealth, through customized, comprehensive solutions tailored to your tax, liquidity, and diversification needs. We help you understand your total economic package, and if needed, we can help you create it. We provide detailed advice on Executive Compensation including:
 
Stock options
Deferred Compensation
Restricted stock
Key man benefits
Bonus compensation








                    Mortgage and Lending
                




                Managing your long-term goals while ensuring access to cash when you need it can be a balancing act. We make available direct access to a variety of lending solutions designed to help you meet those needs. We strive to take the stress out of the lending process.
            








                    Protection Planning
                




                Risk Management is an often overlooked but vital component of any wealth management plan. Our team of professionals conduct insurance policy reviews and evaluation, and draw on an unparalleled selection of insurance products to structure programs that will provide instant liquidity for an estate tax need, protect a business, replace an income in the event of death or disability, and more. We make sure you and your family have a risk management plan that is comprehensive and allows you to rest easy, knowing you have all of the bases covered.
            






                    Family Office Services
                




                Building, preserving, and effectively transferring wealth over multiple generations requires more than  just wise investing. Our advisors possess the necessary experience and specialized technical skills to help you navigate the intricate issues and challenges faced by high net worth families. Your strategies need to complement your family’s unique values and goals. We synchronize all the complexities of family wealth management to plan for the near term as well as generations to come.
            






                    Cash Flow Management
                




                Our advisors can help you optimize the return on cash in your portfolio, protect your cash assets, and manage your everyday transaction needs, while keeping you focused on your objectives for the future.
                We examine your current assets and liabilities, along with your income and expenses, to assess your ability to accomplish your goals. Proper planning requires more than a snapshot, so we also consider how income and expenses will change over time, factoring in large changes such as inheritances, major one-time expenses, along with inevitable salary changes and taxes.
            






                    Charitable Planning
                





                    One of the most rewarding aspects of financial success is the opportunity to pursue charitable interests. In fact, many people consider the personal satisfaction derived from philanthropy to be even more gratifying than the accumulation of the assets in the first place. NorthRock Partners has extensive experience working with individuals and institutions in all areas of charitable planning. We can also help you direct your giving with tools that provide the maximum benefit for you and your family, as well as ensuring a meaningful and lasting impact to the charity or charities of your choice.
                

                    In addition to benefiting the institution, charitable gifts can be an effective planning tool for dealing with highly appreciated stock, providing an income stream for life, and supporting wealth transfer planning for the next generation.
                







                    Business Financial Services
                





                    Running a business can offer a lot of opportunities, and challenges. At NorthRock Partners, we help you make optimal financial decisions for your business. Our goal is to maximize business financial management and personal wealth building for our clients. We consult in areas of executive compensation, key employee planning, tax planning, business succession planning, employee benefits, retirement services-qualified and non-qualified plans, portfolio management, asset allocation, and cash management.
                

                    Our approach starts with understanding you and your business. Your answers to the following questions will help us create a customized plan that is unique to you and your business, and fit in with the culture you have created:
                    
What is your exit strategy?
Are you paying more in taxes than you think you should?
Do you know the value of your business?
Do you know how this will impact your estate plan?
Are you able to recruit, attract and retain key employees to help drive profitability of the business?
What kind of benefits should you offer especially given all of the changes in the healthcare arena?
Are you leveraging the business to help you reach your own personal goals?








                    Comprehensive Financial Planning
                




                We help you pursue all of your financial goals, including those that go beyond investing, to help you live the life you envision. What drives this approach is the financial plan we create together, a road map that prioritizes which solutions are right for you based on what you want to achieve. Through our team approach, our advisors leverage the extensive resources of NorthRock Partners to implement custom solutions. We also work closely with other professionals, such as accountants and lawyers, to ensure every aspect of your financial future is well cared for.
            






                    Concierge Services
                





                    We understand how busy your day-to-day lives can be. In addition to the peace of mind that comes with NorthRock Partners’ help overseeing your wealth and investments, we also provide some of our clients with a life-simplifying personal concierge service as a perk.
                

                    These services are highly customized and personal, but may include:
                    
Exclusive access to special events
Catering services
Travel arrangements
Relocation services
Vehicle research and acquisition
Property Management (while traveling)






































NorthRock Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

































northrock partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
NorthRock Partners, LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers tax preparation, mortgage, insurance, retirement planning, bill payment, portfolio management, and investment advisory services. NorthRock Partners serves customers in the State of Minnesota.




Corporate Information
Address:

650 3rd Avenue South
Suite 1500
Minneapolis, MN 55402-1944
United States


Phone:
1-621-367-8800


Fax:
1-612-367-8886


Web url:
www.northrockpartners.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Rob Nelson


CEO/Founding Partner




Brent Putz


President




Jim Lund


CCO/Founding Partner




Brent Field


Chief Investment Officer




Donny Braun


Vice President




Brian Kruse


VP/Private Wealth Advisor




Rebecca Longawa


VP:Brand Development




Samuel Cari "Sam"


Dir:Estate Planning




Dominic Knauf


Managing Partner




Matt Olson


Partner/Senior Tax Specialist



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Services - NorthRock Partners































































Main Menu























Services 


A Wide Range of Services Provided By Experienced Professionals

In addition to your primary financial advisor at NorthRock Partners, your support team includes experienced professionals who are certified experts in key areas that benefit you.







                    Tax Preparation & Advice
                




                Because tax planning plays such an important role to the overall success of meeting our clients' financial objectives, NorthRock Partners provides tax preparation and consulting services as a core component of our overall service offering. These services include investment tax strategies and the preparation of individual and fiduciary tax returns.  The ability to seamlessly integrate this service into your comprehensive financial plan, allows our advisors to create solutions that highly impact your overall net worth.
            






                    Customized Investment Planning
                




                Our holistic approach to wealth management is founded upon the understanding that each client has a unique financial situation and individual goals.  NorthRock Partners believes that broad portfolio diversification across multiple asset classes and investment strategies will provide significant risk-adjusted value for our clients. Through our proprietary approach to manager selection, we will identify an appropriate mix of investments that is consistent with your values and goals, your comfort with risk, and your current time horizon and assets.  We utilize researched strategies, access to institutional-class money managers and investment vehicles to put your customized plan into action.  We will work closely with you to help you understand the trade-offs between potential return and inherent portfolio risk.
            






                    Bill Pay Services
                




Simply defined, monthly bill pay and budgeting can help simplify your life and provide you added peace of mind by taking this daily chore off your hands, and also help you make the most of your surplus cash.

                    Our bill pay service revolves around a personal relationship with each of our clients. We can help simplify your household with a range of service solutions, including:
                    
Managing money movement between your bank and NorthRock Partners' custodian
Cash flow reports that enable you to see exactly what you're spending each month
Issue resolution through our strong relationships with Personal Bankers at Wells Fargo and U.S. Bank
Assistance with merchant issues, like help in resolving card disputes
Assistance getting utilities set up or shut off when you move








                    Retirement Income Planning
                




                At NorthRock Partners we utilize a personalized approach to retirement planning that incorporates income distribution planning, investment management, Social Security planning, health care planning, long-term care planning, estate planning and risk management. We draw on the extensive experience of our financial professionals to help create a clear, actionable roadmap in planning your retirement.
            






                    Estate Planning Services
                




                Whether you want to maximize inheritance for your heirs, keep the family business in the family, or leave a philanthropic legacy, we work diligently to make your wishes a reality. With an emphasis on reducing estate taxes and minimizing probate costs, we will help coordinate key aspects of your estate plan—wills, life insurance and trusts—and assemble a team of experienced professionals to work with you and your other advisors.
            






                    Executive Compensation
                




                We understand that your busy career often affords you little time for managing your finances. At NorthRock Partners, we help executives navigate the maze of regulatory issues and diversification strategies affecting your wealth, through customized, comprehensive solutions tailored to your tax, liquidity, and diversification needs. We help you understand your total economic package, and if needed, we can help you create it. We provide detailed advice on Executive Compensation including:
 
Stock options
Deferred Compensation
Restricted stock
Key man benefits
Bonus compensation








                    Mortgage and Lending
                




                Managing your long-term goals while ensuring access to cash when you need it can be a balancing act. We make available direct access to a variety of lending solutions designed to help you meet those needs. We strive to take the stress out of the lending process.
            








                    Protection Planning
                




                Risk Management is an often overlooked but vital component of any wealth management plan. Our team of professionals conduct insurance policy reviews and evaluation, and draw on an unparalleled selection of insurance products to structure programs that will provide instant liquidity for an estate tax need, protect a business, replace an income in the event of death or disability, and more. We make sure you and your family have a risk management plan that is comprehensive and allows you to rest easy, knowing you have all of the bases covered.
            






                    Family Office Services
                




                Building, preserving, and effectively transferring wealth over multiple generations requires more than  just wise investing. Our advisors possess the necessary experience and specialized technical skills to help you navigate the intricate issues and challenges faced by high net worth families. Your strategies need to complement your family’s unique values and goals. We synchronize all the complexities of family wealth management to plan for the near term as well as generations to come.
            






                    Cash Flow Management
                




                Our advisors can help you optimize the return on cash in your portfolio, protect your cash assets, and manage your everyday transaction needs, while keeping you focused on your objectives for the future.
                We examine your current assets and liabilities, along with your income and expenses, to assess your ability to accomplish your goals. Proper planning requires more than a snapshot, so we also consider how income and expenses will change over time, factoring in large changes such as inheritances, major one-time expenses, along with inevitable salary changes and taxes.
            






                    Charitable Planning
                





                    One of the most rewarding aspects of financial success is the opportunity to pursue charitable interests. In fact, many people consider the personal satisfaction derived from philanthropy to be even more gratifying than the accumulation of the assets in the first place. NorthRock Partners has extensive experience working with individuals and institutions in all areas of charitable planning. We can also help you direct your giving with tools that provide the maximum benefit for you and your family, as well as ensuring a meaningful and lasting impact to the charity or charities of your choice.
                

                    In addition to benefiting the institution, charitable gifts can be an effective planning tool for dealing with highly appreciated stock, providing an income stream for life, and supporting wealth transfer planning for the next generation.
                







                    Business Financial Services
                





                    Running a business can offer a lot of opportunities, and challenges. At NorthRock Partners, we help you make optimal financial decisions for your business. Our goal is to maximize business financial management and personal wealth building for our clients. We consult in areas of executive compensation, key employee planning, tax planning, business succession planning, employee benefits, retirement services-qualified and non-qualified plans, portfolio management, asset allocation, and cash management.
                

                    Our approach starts with understanding you and your business. Your answers to the following questions will help us create a customized plan that is unique to you and your business, and fit in with the culture you have created:
                    
What is your exit strategy?
Are you paying more in taxes than you think you should?
Do you know the value of your business?
Do you know how this will impact your estate plan?
Are you able to recruit, attract and retain key employees to help drive profitability of the business?
What kind of benefits should you offer especially given all of the changes in the healthcare arena?
Are you leveraging the business to help you reach your own personal goals?








                    Comprehensive Financial Planning
                




                We help you pursue all of your financial goals, including those that go beyond investing, to help you live the life you envision. What drives this approach is the financial plan we create together, a road map that prioritizes which solutions are right for you based on what you want to achieve. Through our team approach, our advisors leverage the extensive resources of NorthRock Partners to implement custom solutions. We also work closely with other professionals, such as accountants and lawyers, to ensure every aspect of your financial future is well cared for.
            






                    Concierge Services
                





                    We understand how busy your day-to-day lives can be. In addition to the peace of mind that comes with NorthRock Partners’ help overseeing your wealth and investments, we also provide some of our clients with a life-simplifying personal concierge service as a perk.
                

                    These services are highly customized and personal, but may include:
                    
Exclusive access to special events
Catering services
Travel arrangements
Relocation services
Vehicle research and acquisition
Property Management (while traveling)






































	NORTHROCK PARTNERS Trademark of Northrock Partners, LLC. Serial Number: 85112312 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
NORTHROCK PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













NORTHROCK PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 Northrock Partners, LLC
Financial services, namely, wealth management services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         wealth   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark by Northrock Partners, LLC 
                                in Edina, MN, 55435.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Northrock Partners, LLC of the NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Friday, August 20, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NORTHROCK PARTNERS by 
                        Northrock Partners, LLC, Edina, MN  55435.
                        The USPTO has given the NORTHROCK PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85112312.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - AFTER EX PARTE APPEAL.
                        The correspondent listed for NORTHROCK PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            MARSHA STOLT of 
                                            MOSS & BARNETT PA,   4800 WELLS FARGO CTR 90 S 7TH ST STE, MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55402-4129 
                                .
                            The NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NORTHROCK PARTNERS 
                            is Financial services, namely, wealth management services. 
                            





Word mark:
 NORTHROCK PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - AFTER EX PARTE APPEAL

3/19/2012



  Serial Number:  
85112312


  Filing Date:  
8/20/2010


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, wealth management services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Northrock Partners, LLCEdina, MN  55435
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PARTNERS")


 Correspondent:


MARSHA STOLT
MOSS & BARNETT PA
 4800 WELLS FARGO CTR 90 S 7TH ST STE
MINNEAPOLIS, MN 55402-4129






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/19/2012
ABANDONED - AFTER EX PARTE APPEAL


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MARSHA STOLT


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NORTHROCK PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search northrockpartners on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NORTHROCK PARTNERS 




NORTHROCK PARTNERS is providing Financial services, namely, wealth management services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























BBB Business Profile | Northrock Partners LLC
































Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Financial Consultants - No License Required 
 > 
Northrock Partners LLC














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Northrock Partners LLC



Submit a Review

































Northrock Partners LLC






            Business Information
        






(612) 367-8800

Northrock Partners LLC
6 years in business

        650 3rd Ave S Ste 1500
        Minneapolis, MN 55402
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (612) 367-8886
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            info@northrockpartners.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/20/2016
            

                Business Started: 08/20/2010





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ward Armstrong, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Consultants - No License Required 
            











                    Number of Employees: 
                
                1
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Northrock Partners LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Northrock Partners LLC
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    









Composite Score:





                        Northrock Partners LLC has received 0 out of 5 stars based on 0 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






































 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












NorthRock Partners Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > NorthRock PartnersNNorthRock PartnersEDITLocationMinneapolis, MNRevenue$–Total Funding$–Founded2008Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitenorthrockpartners.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/NorthRock PartnersIntegrity. We always act in your best interest and only recommend products and
services based on your particular financial objectives, time horizon, tolerance
for risk and other considerations unique to you. Confidentiality. The trust that
our clients place in us is our most valued asset. We strive to earn your trust
through our high ethical standards and an ongoing commitment to safeguarding
your personal information. Professionalism. We put the needs…Keywordscomprehensive financial planning,tax planning and preparation,mortgage and lending,retirement planning,executive compensation and benefitsNorthRock Partners CompetitorsBBrown & Tedstrom, Inc.Brown & Tedstrom is a top Denver wealth management firm. We take the time...CCapstone Financial, LLCWe provide services as Atlanta Financial Advisors in financial planning...WWealth Design GroupAt Wealth Design Group, we offer an array of specialized strategies to...See 2 more with a free trialRecent News from NorthRock PartnersStart trial to view recent news about NorthRock Partners.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Brent Field, Northrock Partners LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Brent Field

Chief Investment Officer,
Northrock Partners LLC






Career History




Chief Investment Officer
Northrock Partners LLC, PRESENT



Ameriprise Financial Inc, 2000-2006



Northrock Partners LLC, 2006-UNKNOWN









Website:
www.northrockpartners.com






Corporate Information
Address:

650 3rd Avenue South
Suite 1500
Minneapolis, MN 55402-1944
United States


Phone:
1-621-367-8800


Fax:
1-612-367-8886


Web url:
www.northrockpartners.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



St Cloud State University
Bachelor's Degree








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), 2006









Memberships



Other Memberships




CFA Society of Minnesota


Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 


