






Phebe N. Novakovic (2016) - STEMconnector

















































































 







STEMconnector

 








Navigation



Home
About Us

About Us
The Team
Join Us


Initiatives

STEM Food & Ag Council
STEM Innovation Task Force
Million Women Mentors

MWM Summit & Awards 2017


STEM Higher Education Council
Global STEM Talent Summit
Day of Design


News

STEMdaily
Blog
Town Hall

Proven Strategies to Prepare Students for CS Careers




Publications

Publications & Resources
100 Leaders in STEM

100 CEOs in STEM (2016)
100 CTOs/CIOS in STEM




Membership

Become a Member
Sponsors & Partners


Calendar
Contact
 Search















 


Phebe N. Novakovic (2016) 



Phebe N. Novakovic became chairman and chief executive officer of General Dynamics on January 1, 2013.  She was previously named the company’s president and chief operating officer, and a member of the company’s board of directors, in May 2012.
Prior to her appointment as president and chief operating officer, Novakovic was executive vice president for the Marine Systems group.  Previously, Novakovic had been senior vice president – Planning and Development since July 2005, where she was responsible for Government Relations, Communications, International, Investor Relations and Strategic Planning.  She also has served as vice president – Strategic Planning, a position to which she was appointed in October 2002.
Before joining General Dynamics, Novakovic served as the Special Assistant to the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense from 1997 to 2001.  In that capacity, she was responsible for managing processes for all major U.S. Department of Defense budget and policy decisions for the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense.
Novakovic also worked for the Office of Management and Budget, where she served in a number of capacities, including as Deputy Associate Director for National Security, where she was responsible for managing and submitting the President’s budget for the Department of Defense and U.S. Intelligence Agencies.
From 1983 to 1986, she served as an operations officer for the Central Intelligence Agency.  Novakovic began her career in 1979 as an analyst for the McLean Research Center where she performed operational analyses on Department of Defense weapon systems.
Novakovic was elected to the board of directors of Abbott Laboratories in 2010. She serves on the boards of trustees of Northwestern University and Ford’s Theatre, and on the boards of directors for several charitable organizations.
Novakovic received her Master of Business Administration from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School in 1988; she completed her undergraduate studies at Smith College in 1979.
Company SynopsisGeneral Dynamics is an aerospace and defense company of nearly 100,000 employees.  It offers a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; communications and information technology systems and solutions; and shipbuilding. We operate globally through four business groups: Aerospace, Combat Systems, Marine Systems and Information Systems and Technology.
The Aerospace group, comprised of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation and Jet Aviation, is at the forefront of the business-jet industry.  The Combat Systems group, comprised of Land Systems, European Land Systems and Ordnance and Tactical Systems, provides a full spectrum of combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions for the US and its allies.  The Marine Systems group, comprised of Electric Boat, Bath Iron Works and NASSCO is a market-leading designer and builder of nuclear-powered submarines, surface combatants and auxiliary and combat logistics ships for the U.S. Navy and Jones Act ships for commercial customers.  The Information Systems and Technology Group, comprised of Mission Systems and Information Technology provides technologies, products and services for a wide range of customers.
STEM narrativeSTEM is essential to the technological superiority of the United States military.  The defense industry, working hand-in-hand with our military customer, provides US service members with the best technology and capabilities in the world.  This qualitative advantage is itself a force for peace; our enemies must consider the presence of capable men and women operating the most sophisticated weaponry available, deployed around the world.  That technological overmatch can only persist if our defense industry continues to have the finest STEM professionals in the world.
General Dynamics employs nearly 40,000 STEM professionals across our ten business units at all levels of the workforce.  In the past, a company’s STEM professionals were in the management workforce, and the labor workforce was devoted to touch labor.  Today, however, we need significant STEM knowledge across every part of the workforce.  Our products are simply too complicated, and our manufacturing processes simply too streamlined, to function any other way.  Today, we undertake manufacturing operations without conventional engineering drawings, but rather employ a digital system which provides real-time updates.  The degree of technological savvy of  our workforce at all levels is breathtaking, and it is increasing.  Whether our employees come into the workforce with a STEM foundation from high school, technical school, college or graduate school, we build upon that foundation to provide the advanced specialized knowledge required for the pace of innovation our customers demand.
At General Dynamics, we also believe that a STEM background is conducive to problem solving.  STEM professionals are accustomed to working together to proceed carefully and logically through a problem.  In today’s complex world, we need people who are interested in finding solutions.  Real problem-solving requires innovation, rigor and intellectual discipline.  Those things are not exclusively found in the STEM fields, but they are certainly found there in high concentrations.  Simply put, the world today needs problem-solvers, and STEM education produces problem-solvers.
STEM professionals are also highly-suited for our culture of continuous improvement.  The dedication many of our STEM professionals have to continuous improvement allows us to achieve cost, schedule and capability gains year after year.  They are conditioned to ask constantly whether we can do better, and then to work to achieve results.
What traits do corporate leaders need to effectively support and advance STEM education today?We look for our corporate leaders to have a strong baseline in STEM, or at least a willingness to learn.  At General Dynamics, no level of leadership has the luxury of dismissing technical issues.  We are all STEM leaders, at every level, and we are engaging with our STEM workforce on technical issues.
At General Dynamics, our senior leaders believe that it is a central part of their job to train the next generation of leaders.  This is especially important in our STEM workforce, given the highly specialized, complex products we offer.  Today, there are thousands of engineers at General Dynamics Electric Boat working to design the next-generation ballistic missile submarine.  That submarine will be in service until 2079.  Quite literally, we are building the military of the future, and it is impossible to do so without the best engineering talent in the world.  Whether they are building advanced military communications networks, submarines or surface naval combatants, combat vehicles or business jets, our engineers need the kind of specialized training that can be found only on a job site.  That’s why we invest daily in recruiting, training and workforce development for our STEM professionals.
In addition, we promote our STEM professionals.  I believe that both students and young STEM professionals need to be able to look one, two, or several levels up in the organization and see people who have serious technical skills and knowledge, and a STEM education.  Our STEM professionals know that their STEM knowledge is a prerequisite for nearly all of our most important leadership positions.
Finally, like many companies, we believe that it is helpful in advancing STEM education to offer opportunities to promising students, so that they can gain valuable exposure to complex problems of design, engineering and manufacturing.  At many of our businesses, these programs are a critical pipeline to STEM talent, so it is a mutually beneficial relationship.
How is your company infusing diversity in STEM initiatives?Given the breadth of our products, our engineering challenges are among the most complex in the industry.  I have long believed that one of the key benefits of a heterogeneous workforce is that it brings about diversity of thought.  We need people from diverse backgrounds, because they bring a different view to a problem, which might well have been missed in a more homogenous environment.  As many have noted, however, some groups have typically been underrepresented in STEM careers.  For this reason, General Dynamics has sought to support the effort to encourage more minorities to enter the STEM fields, and was named a Top 20 Employer by Workforce Diversity magazine last year.  At all levels of leadership, we stress the importance of diversity of thought and we use that principle to drive recruitment of diverse candidates for our STEM jobs.


 
 
 
 












Phebe N. Novakovic (2016) - STEMconnector










































Type and Press “enter” to Search





 
 
 

 



X



















ABT Phebe N. Novakovic Insider Trades for Abbott Laboratories


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Abbott Laboratories

                  NYSE: ABT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Abbott Laboratories



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:46 p.m.


ABT

/quotes/zigman/216393/composite


$
50.52




Change

-0.32
-0.63%

Volume
Volume 215,606
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/216393/composite
Previous close

$
			50.85
		


$
				50.84
			
Change

-0.01
-0.02%





Day low
Day high
$50.49
$50.93










52 week low
52 week high

            $37.38
        

            $51.13
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Phebe N. Novakovic



Ms. Phebe N. Novakovic is Independent Director at Abbott Laboratories, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at General Dynamics Corp., and a Member at The Business Council. She is on the Board of Directors at Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation and Abbott Laboratories.
Ms. Novakovic was previously employed as President by Electric Boat Corp. She also served on the board at Project HOPE-The-People-To-People HealthFoundation, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/28/2017
3,437


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/29/2016
3,799


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/24/2015
2,793


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/25/2014
3,535


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/26/2013
3,097


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Miles D. White 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Brian B. Yoor 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive VP-Finance




Dr. Eric S. Fain 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Denis M. Gestin 
Senior VP-Global Commercial Integration




Mr. Randel W. Woodgrift 
Vice President-Global Operations




Mr. James E. Young 
Chief Compliance & Ethics Officer, Vice President




Mr. Jean-Yves F.  Pavée 
Senior Vice President-Established Pharmaceuticals




Dr. John M. Capek 
Executive Vice President-Ventures




Mr. Richard W. Ashley 
Executive Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. Corlis D. Murray 
Senior VP-Quality Assurance & Regulatory




Mr. Brian J. Blaser 
Executive Vice President-Diagnostics Products




Dr. Gene  Huang 
Chief Economist & Vice President




Mr. John G. Stratton 
Director




Mr. Daniel J. Starks 
Director




Ms. Karen M. Peterson 
Treasurer & Vice President




Ms. Elaine R. Leavenworth 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Robert E. Funck 
Vice President-Controller




Mr. Aj J. Shoultz 
Vice President-Taxes




Mr. David P. Mark 
Vice President-Internal Audit




Mr. Scott  Stoffel 
Media Relations Contact




Mr. P. Claude Burcky 
Vice President-International Government Affairs




Mr. Scott  Leinenweber 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Stephen R. Fussell 
Executive Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Hubert L. Allen 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Ms. Kathryn S. Collins 
Vice President-Commercial Legal Operations




Mr. Samuel C. Scott 
Independent Director




Mr. Glenn Fletcher Tilton 
Independent Director




Mr. Edward Michael Liddy 
Independent Director




Ms. Phebe N. Novakovic 
Independent Director




Dr. Robert J. Alpern 
Independent Director




Mr. William A. Osborn 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Jim  Farrell 
Independent Director




Ms. Roxanne Schuh Austin 
Independent Director




Dr. Sally E. Blount 
Independent Director




Ms. Nancy  McKinstry 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:46 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:39aWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:07aThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
10:05a7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
10:03aGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
10:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
9:59aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
9:58aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
9:53aTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
9:29aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
9:24aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
9:20aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































































About GD | General Dynamics




























Jump to content







Investor Relations
Suppliers
Employees




Search form

Search this site 




















show/hide menu



Main menu

About GD
Our Businesses
Responsibility
News
Careers














 



 






  



 



 

History
Our Model
Our Ethos
Leadership


 



 
About GD


General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company. From Gulfstream business jets to submarines to wheeled combat vehicles to communications systems, people around the world depend on our products and services for their safety and security.
Headquartered in Falls Church, Virginia, General Dynamics is led by Phebe Novakovic. The company employs thousands of people, with locations in 46 countries. At the heart of our company are our employees. We rely on their intimate knowledge of customer requirements and a unique blend of skill and innovation to develop and produce the best possible products and services.
The driver that makes our company agile, and ensures our continued performance, is our culture of continuous improvement. This culture enforces a shared commitment to consistently look toward the future and to embrace change. It is a priority at all levels of our company, with every employee engaged in finding new ways to do things faster, better and more cost-effectively, and to push the boundaries of our potential.


 



 


0833006.jpg








 

History of GDGeneral Dynamics was incorporated in Delaware in 1952. From that time period to the 1990s, the company provided tanks, rockets, missiles, submarines, warships, fighters and electronics to all of the military services.
In the early 1990s, we sold nearly all of our divisions except for Electric Boat and Land Systems. Starting in the mid-1990s, we began expanding again by acquiring combat vehicle-related businesses, information technology product and service companies, additional shipyards and Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation.
Read More About Our History


 



 


about_model.jpg








 

Our Model
General Dynamics is organized into four business groups and each comprises several business units. Our balanced business model gives each business unit the flexibility they need to stay close to their customers and remain agile.
General Dynamics’ business units are responsible for the execution of their strategy and their operational performance.
Our corporate leaders are responsible for setting the overall strategy of the business and for the allocation of capital.


 



 

Our EthosGeneral Dynamics' ethos is our distinguishing moral nature. Our employees are a community of people dedicated to this ethos. Each of us has an obligation to behave according to our values. In that way, we can ensure that we continue to be good stewards of the investments in us by our shareholders, customers, employees and communities, now and in the future. Our ethos is rooted in five values:


Honesty We tell the truth to ourselves and to others. Honesty breeds transparency.


TrustWe trust each other to do the right thing.


HumanityWe are compassionate and empathetic. We respect the dignity, rights and autonomy of others.


AlignmentWe are united in our commitment to our values.


Value CreationWe create value by doing the right thing for our shareholders, our customers, our employees and our communities.


Learn More About Our Values at Work


 



 
Leadership


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Phebe N.  Novakovic 
  
   




Executive Vice President

 John P.  Casey 
 Executive Vice President, Marine Systems 
   

 S. Daniel  Johnson 
 Executive Vice President, Information Systems and Technology 
 President, Information Technology  

 Mark C.  Roualet 
 Executive Vice President, Combat Systems 
   



Senior Vice President

 Gregory S.  Gallopoulos 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
   

 Robert W.  Helm 
 Senior Vice President, Planning and Development 
   

 Kimberly A.  Kuryea 
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration 
   

 Jason  W. Aiken 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   



Vice President

 Ira P. Berman 
 Vice President 
 Senior Vice President, Administration and General Counsel, Gulfstream  

 Mark L.  Burns 
 Vice President 
 President, Gulfstream  

 Daniel G.  Clare 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Vice President, Gulfstream  

 David H.  Fogg 
 Vice President, Treasurer 
   

 Jeffrey S.  Geiger 
 Vice President 
 President, Electric Boat  


 Firat H. Gezen 
  
 President, Ordnance and Tactical Systems  

 M. Amy  Gilliland 
  
 Deputy for Operations, Information Technology  

 Kevin M. Graney 
 Vice President 
 President, NASSCO  

 Kenneth R.  Hayduk 
 Vice President, Tax 
   

 Thomas W.  Kirchmaier 
 Vice President, Strategic Initiatives 
   


 Dirk A. Lesko 
 Vice President 
 President, Bath Iron Works  

 Christopher  Marzilli 
 Vice President 
 President, Mission Systems  

 William A. Moss 
 Vice President, Controller 
   

 Alfonso J.  Ramonet 
 Vice President 
 President, European Land Systems  

 Robert E.  Smith 
 Vice President 
 President, Jet Aviation  


 Gary L.  Whited 
 Vice President 
 President, Land Systems  

 


 



 






 





 






© 2016 General Dynamics Corporation


Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Site Map






 Back to Top


close




Phebe N. Novakovic: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 10:46 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of General Dynamics Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Phebe N. Novakovic  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, General Dynamics CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships59$21,358,077As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Phebe N. Novakovic has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics Corporation since January 1, 2013. Ms. Novakovic served as the President and Chief Operating Officer at General Dynamics Corporation from May 2, 2012 to December 2012. She served as an Executive Vice President of General Dynamics Marine Systems, Inc., from May 01, 2010 to May 2012. Ms. Novakovic served as Senior Vice President of Planning & Development at General Dynamics Corporation ... and General Dynamics Land Systems Inc. from July 2005 to May 1, 2010. She served as Vice President of Strategic Planning at General Dynamics Corporation from October 2002 to June 30, 2005. She served as Staff Vice President of General Dynamics Corporation from May 2002 to October 2002; Director of Strategic Planning and Development March 2001 to May 2002 and Special Assistant to the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Defense from July 1, 1997 to March 2001. Ms. Novakovic serves as a Director of Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc. She has been an Independent Director at Abbott Laboratories since 2010.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2941 Fairview Park DriveFalls Church, Virginia 22042United StatesPhone: 703-876-3000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2010-PresentIndependent DirectorAbbott Laboratories2013-PresentChairman and Chief Executive OfficerGeneral Dynamics Corporation
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Abbott LaboratoriesGeneral Dynamics Land Systems Inc.Electric Boat CorporationGeneral Dynamics Marine Systems, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,585,000Total Annual Compensation$1,585,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$7,079,144All Other Compensation$310,948Exercised Options$97,120Exercised Options Value$6,815,882Exercisable Options$1,328,600Exercisable Options Value$118,297,797Unexercisable Options$569,090Unexercisable Options Value$20,716,791Total Value of Options$145,830,469Total Number of Options$1,994,810
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$7,045,948Total Short Term Compensation$1,585,000Other Long Term Compensation$7,390,092Total Calculated Compensation$21,358,077




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWesley G. Bush Chairman, CEO & PresidentNorthrop Grumman Corporation$1.5MD. James Umpleby IIICEO & DirectorCaterpillar Inc.$825.6KThomas P. Joyce Jr.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDanaher Corporation$1.1MRaul Marcelo Claure President, CEO & DirectorSprint Corporation$1.5MPierre  Nanterme Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerAccenture plc$2.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact General Dynamics Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























General Dynamics (GD) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»General Dynamics (GD) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.26.17 | About: General Dynamics (GD) General Dynamics Corp. (NYSE:GD)
Q1 2017 Earnings Call
April 26, 2017 9:00 am ET
Executives
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
Analysts
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator
Good morning and welcome to the General Dynamics first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to Alison Harbrecht, Staff VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the General Dynamics first quarter 2017 conference call.
Any forward-looking statements made today represent our estimates regarding the company's outlook. These estimates are subject to some risks and uncertainties. Additional information regarding these factors is contained in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings.
With that, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phebe Novakovic.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Thanks, Alison, and good morning. Alison has replaced Erin Linnihan, who is now reporting to me in a different capacity. Alison has had a distinguished 14-year career in the finance department, most recently as the Controller for Mission Systems. We are pleased to have her here as our Staff VP for Investor Relations.
As to the quarter commentary, I will keep my remarks brief since this quarter's results are relatively straightforward, quite good, and the comparisons are generally attractive.
We reported earnings per share of $2.48 on revenue somewhat in excess of $7.4 billion, operating earnings of slightly over $1 billion, and net earnings of $763 million. EPS of $2.48 was $0.16 better than consensus. We estimate that about $0.06 of that $0.16 was from operations in the form of higher than expected operating margins, offset modestly by somewhat lower than expected revenue. The remainder came from a lower effective tax rate, offset slightly by a somewhat higher than anticipated share count.
With respect to cash, we had $533 million net cash provided by operating activities. After capital expenditure of $62 million, we had $471 million of free cash flow from operations, $56 million more than in the year-ago quarter.
While our total backlog at $60.4 billion is down $1.8 billion from year-end figures, it remains quite robust. It is also significant to observe that the important funded portion of that backlog grew by approximately $1.5 billion to $53.3 billion. An impressive 88.2% of our total backlog is funded.
The general comparisons quarter over quarter reflect, as you would expect, strong operating performance. All of the comparisons I will give you are with reference to 2016 numbers as restated for the adoption of the new revenue recognition rules for this year. So, compared to the first quarter of 2016, revenue was down $35 million, or 0.5%. However, our operating earnings were up $111 million or 12% over the prior year's quarter on the strength of a 150 basis point improvement in operating margin. The operating margin in the quarter at 13.9% was particularly strong.
On a sequential basis, revenue was down $213 million or 2.8%. But again, operating earnings were up $267 million or 34.8% on a 390 basis point improvement in margin. All of the foregoing is a reflection of very positive operating leverage.

Finally, EPS from continuing operations was up $0.40, up 19.2% over the year-ago quarter as a result a better operating earnings and a lower tax rate and share count.
Let me provide some commentary and a little perspective around the results in each of our operating segments, first Aerospace. Revenue was up by $293 million compared to Q1 2016, about 16.5%, and up $249 million or 13.6% sequentially. Similarly, operating earnings were up $111 million or 33.4% against the year-ago quarter on a 280 basis point expansion in operating margin. Sequentially, operating earnings were up $169 million on a 640 basis point improvement in operating margin.
The sequential result needs to be understood in the context of the restated 2016 revenue and earnings resulting from the new revenue recognition rules. In the fourth quarter, we had nine more green aircraft receive a certificate of airworthiness than we had final deliveries to customers. This negatively impacted Q4 2016 as restated because the green deliveries were no longer recognized. By the same token, we had four more entry-into-service deliveries in Q1 2017 than we had green aircraft receive a certificate of airworthiness. That obviously helped the first quarter of 2017 and should help next quarter as well.
Orders for the group were typical of a first quarter. In the quarter, net earnings were $1.4 billion, and the dollar-based book-to-bill was 0.7. This is consistent with what we have seen in the first quarter of 2012 through 2016. The Aerospace average booking for the first quarter over the last five years were $1.39 billion, a book-to-bill of about 0.7.
So it was a quarter with a lot of sales pipeline replenishment. It was part of the normal cycle after a strong fourth quarter. In particular, we noted sharp increases in activity levels in Europe and improved activity in China. I should also note that the activity has been good in April and has clearly shifted in favor of large-cabin. This is quite encouraging.
On the product development front, we anticipate a late-October completion of all flight test requirements for the G500. This leads us to believe that FAA certification will follow within 60 days thereafter. By the way, we are going to fly our third G600 test airplane today. Think about it this way: We are flying three test airplanes in the first 4.5 months since first flight, really quite remarkable.
So we are off to a very good start in the Aerospace group, somewhat better than our guidance to you at the operating earnings level. We expected a strong first quarter for the reasons we discussed with you at the beginning of the year. However, the operating performance was better than expected.
Let me turn to the defense side of the business with Combat Systems. Compared to the first quarter of 2016, sales were up $42 million or 3.4%, and operating earnings were up $18 million or 9.6% on a 90 basis point improvement in operating margin. We had particularly strong performance on a quarter to year-ago quarter basis from European Land Systems. Sequentially, revenue was down $374 million, but operating earnings were down only $25 million on a 210 basis point improvement in operating margin. The sequential comparison is particularly difficult on a revenue basis because this group always has a very strong fourth quarter, largely related to contract deliveries at OTS and ELS.
Also in the quarter, we largely completed the transition from engineering and prototype production on our two large international vehicle programs for Canada, the Mideast, and the U.K. These programs will now enter full production and continue apace for the next several years. Even given Combat's large backlog, they had nice order activity in the quarter, with a 0.7 times book-to-bill. All in all, extremely strong operating performance once again at Combat Systems.

With respect to Information Systems and Technology, we experienced very good operating leverage in the quarter. While revenue was down $182 million or 7.8% against the year-ago quarter and down $125 million sequentially, operating earnings of $236 million were essentially flat with the year-ago quarter on the strength of an 80 basis point improvement in margin. On a sequential basis, operating earnings were up $5 million, once again on an 80 basis point improvement in operating margin. These results are consistent with our guidance of an around 11% operating margin.
I think it's important to note that IS&T's backlog grew by $255 million in the quarter, with a book-to-bill of 1.1 times following strong book-to-bill of 1-to-1 on average for the last four years. The significant orders in the quarter included a $415 million contract from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to design and develop its next-generation communication and information system; $85 million from the NATO Communication and Information Agency to upgrade its technical infrastructure; and $160 million from the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency for the new Campus East. So a pretty good start to the year from a new business perspective at IS&T.
Finally, let's turn to Marine. Revenue of $1.93 billion was down $188 million or 8.9% compared to the year-ago quarter, but up $37 million or 2% sequentially. Operating earnings were down $23 million or 12.5% against the year-ago quarter and up $119 million sequentially. The revenue variance from the year-ago quarter was solely attributable to lower Virginia-class Block 3 material volume, offset only partially by higher Columbia-class engineering volume and higher repair volume. Earnings were driven by a delay in the scheduled delivery on one ship in Block 3 of our Virginia-class submarine program. Our performance on the Virginia-class program continues to be solid.
Also at EB, we are already over 40% complete on the design of the Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine, four years before start of construction. This performance is far better than any submarine first-of-class design maturity to construction start date in history, so we are pleased.
Bath's ship-over-ship performance on the remainder of the DDG 1000s is outstanding, and we have stabilized the DDG 51. NASSCO continues to show performance improvement on each of its ships.
So the company is off to a very good start to the year, somewhat ahead of our expectations. We do not as a practice change guidance at the end of the first quarter. It is our practice to give you a full review of our expectations at the midpoint of the year. Suffice it to say that we are a bit ahead of the operating plan upon which our guidance was based. As always, we will continue to consolidate our improvements and strive to continue to improve our results.
I'd like to turn the call over now to our CFO, Jason Aiken.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
Thank you, Phebe, and good morning.
Net interest expense in the quarter was $25 million versus $22 million in the first quarter of 2016. The increase was due to a $500 million increase in our outstanding debt last year.
On the capital deployment front, we spent $354 million on the repurchase of 1.9 million shares in the first quarter. When you combine our share repurchases with our dividend payments, we spent $584 million in shareholder-friendly actions during the first quarter, almost 125% of our free cash flow from operations. We continue to anticipate deploying all of our free cash flow this year to share repurchases and dividends.
We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.2 billion on the balance sheet and a net debt position of $1.7 billion.
As Phebe mentioned, our effective tax rate was 24.5% for the quarter. The lower first quarter rate was anticipated based on the timing of the vesting of our restricted stock and the associated tax benefits and is consistent with our full-year tax rate forecast. So despite coming out of the gate with a lower rate, we're still anticipating an effective tax rate of about 28% for the year.

Alison, that concludes my remarks, and I'll turn it back over to you for the Q&A.
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Thanks, Jason. As a reminder, we ask participants to ask only one question so that everyone has a chance to participate. If you have additional questions, please get back into the queue. Gary, can you please remind the participants how to enter the queue?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
The first question comes from Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse
Good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse
So, Phebe, as you said, good performance across the board. In Marine, you've got a lot going on. I wanted to ask you about that. It's a multipart question, but it really gets to CapEx over the next several years with the Columbia class coming in, a construction contract rumored to be around $5 billion. You have the advanced procurement money that went into the December CR that's nearly I guess $0.75 billion. And then we've got this very ambitious 355-ship force structure assessment, where large surface combatants go up from something like 88 to 104, attack submarines go up from 48 to 66, going from two per year perhaps to three, same with the destroyers. Given that, how do we think about the requirement for you – for GD to invest in CapEx over the next several years?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So let me give you our investment philosophy across the board. We invest in programs that we believe we can earn a sufficient and proper return. So to the extent that those returns become increasingly clear, that then informs our investment, and that's true across the entirety of our portfolio. So I think you need to think about our investment proposition through that lens.
With respect to the increase in shipbuilding, to the extent that that materializes and we can understand both the quantum and the timing of those increases, we have the capacity to increase production in each of our shipyards, as does the majority of our supply base. But with all of these – with any increase in production, we would need to replenish as needed our workforce, the supplier base, and facilities over time. And again, all of the potential investments with respect to that growth will be determined with our customer as we begin to identify the return.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse
So, Phebe, would we go through a period where there is some pressure on cash flow from the added CapEx and maybe pressure on margins as you hire and prepare for future higher revenue?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So our current plan anticipates an investment in our shipbuilding program commensurate with what we see the growth to be. So we may see in the out years some cash demands as a result of those investments, but I believe it will be well within our capabilities. And remember too, the cash that's tied up at Gulfstream will begin to unwind naturally as well. So we will consider all of those puts and takes as we think about our investment into the future. You had a second part of that.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse
I was simply talking about the possible impact to margins as you start to hire and so forth, yes.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So we have done a very careful plan on what our margin expectations are. And we see our margins throughout at least our initial plan period of four years as essentially flat in the mid-8% range. And that's because the increase in Columbia volume will continue to be cost-plus, and then offset somewhat by the Virginia-class submarine performance and that long-term successful program as we have continued improvement ship over ship. So think about flat in the near term.

As we go out into the future, then it's our job to manage that growth appropriately. And as you can imagine, with all – when you think about shipbuilding, it's all about planning. That's really the competitive advantage and the key to success in shipbuilding. So we have put in place very, very detailed hiring plans, training plans, supplier base plans, and facility plans to support that growth. So as we sit here today, I'm very comfortable that we are both anticipating and thinking through the potential risks of growth.
Operator
The next question comes from David Strauss with UBS. Please go ahead.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC
Thanks, good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
David E. Strauss - UBS Securities LLC
Good morning. Jason, maybe could you touch on the EAC's cume adjustments in the quarter on a year-over-year basis given the new reporting structure?
And then, Phebe, I wanted to ask you about Combat Systems and specifically the U.S. business. How prepared are you or your production lines, Stryker or Abrams, for a potential ramp-up there? Thanks.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
So as it relates to the EAC adjustments, as you're probably alluding to, we had been expecting with this transition to the new revenue recognition rules and specifically the cumulative catch-up approach to our defense businesses to start to see a little more volatility, perhaps a little bit more in terms of magnitude on this side.
As it turns out for the first quarter, in any event, the aggregate number was actually about $50 million and not too different from what we saw a year ago on a restated basis. I think that was $58 million. So still TBD in terms of what we'll see quarter to quarter over time still. We're probably expecting some level of volatility, but for now it was a relatively inconsequential quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So with respect to Combat Systems, there has been quite a lot of discussion in this new administration about potential increases to the land forces in the United States. And to the extent again to which those increases actually occur and the timing and the amounts of those increases, we will look at that as the details emerge. But we have plenty of capacity and plenty of operating leverage both within Combat Systems and within our supply base. So I have very little doubt that we can ramp up to meet any expectations that our customers, both the Army and the Marine Corps, may have in the future.
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Next question, please?
Operator
The next question comes from Carter Copeland with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Hey, good morning, Jason, Phebe.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
At the risk, Jason, of asking again the nerdy accounting question on the EACs, just since you guys have never really had this before, is that $58 million – or that $50 million, is that a net favorable/unfavorable number? And if so, can you give us the pieces?
And then one for Phebe. I just wondered. You made a statement about stabilizing the DDG 51 at Bath. I just wondered if there was something beneath that, what metric you're looking at in terms of stabilization that gave you the confidence to make that statement. Thank you.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
So good question. I didn't clarify that earlier. Both the current quarter and the year-ago quarter were net favorable adjustments. And in parsing that, there was no material up or downs in there on any segment or any program. So there were some positives and negatives, as you'd expect, but nothing material.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.

So let's talk a minute, and this might be a good opportunity to give you a little bit of color on Bath. And let me break that into two buckets, first the DDG 1000, and then to your specific question on the DDG 51. So we delivered the lead ship of the DDG 1000 last May, and the final two ships of this class are demonstrating very good levels of ship-over-ship learning in terms of labor-hour performance, which is our prime metric that we look at when we look at shipbuilding. And in fact, we experienced the best ship-to-ship learning curve we have ever seen at Bath on that program. So to the extent that there was any risk, I believe that is behind us.
With respect to the DDG 51, just to give you a little bit of background, we delivered the DDG 115, which was our first ship after the four-plus year break in production. We delivered that in February. We just floated off the DDG 116. But let me give you a little color here. That four-year break caused us a bit of a challenge, which the DDG 1000 program exacerbated. And I think by way of illustration a recent example can give you a sense of how we've managed through all of this.
Before the DDG 1002, we had late equipment deliveries into the shipyard that required us to rephase our production, and it created a production gap between the DDG 116 and the DDG 118. We'll see some learning from ship to ship as we realize steady-state production on this, but the costs associated with those challenges were recognized in 2016. So going forward, I'm very comfortable that the performance at Bath has stabilized. I like where they are.
Carter Copeland - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Thanks, Phebe.
Operator
The next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Yeah, hey, good morning, everyone. Phebe, just maybe shifting back towards Gulfstream but maybe from a different angle. If Northrup were to win the JSTARS program, how do you think about the impact that could have on Gulfstream across the business, and specifically for the G550?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Well, it is our practice to refer any questions about JSTARS to the prime, Northrup. But with respect to the G550, let me take some license with a quote that Mark Twain said, that the reports of his demise were greatly exaggerated. We have sufficient orders, both on the commercial side and international orders, for the G550 to keep that production line open for the foreseeable future. So JSTARS would be additive to that if in fact the Northrup team prevails. So I very much like where we are on the G550.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
And then just maybe as a follow-on to that, broadly speaking, can you maybe characterize more what's going on in the wide-cabin market? Are you seeing any customer hesitation around tax reform, accelerated depreciation, that kind of thing, or are you seeing follow-through with the pickup in the market that seemed to really happen post-election?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So in the first quarter, our activity was pretty much as we've seen for the prior years, but we have definitely seen frankly for about the last solid year now increased interest in our aircraft. And the extent to which we execute on that interest and put all those planes into backlog, that's simply a question of timing. But we're seeing some very nice demand for our products as we have for the last few years, but I do see an uptick. So whatever set of reasons, different customers are motivated by a different economic reality.
Operator
The next question comes from Doug Harned with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Yes, thank you.

Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Good morning. I was interested in looking at, now that you're getting close to the G500 coming into service, when you look at the ramp for that program, how would you compare that to what happened on the G650? Are you looking at a similar production increase over the next few years to the G650 ramp?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So, if you recall, the G650 was the first aircraft that we had a purpose-built manufacturing facility to outfit and bring in assembly and then outfit the airplanes. We experienced and had quite a bit of learning around that – around how we performed during that period. So when I think about the ramp up on the G500, we've taken yet another purpose-built facility, applied the lessons learned on the G650, and I expect and our plan anticipates that we'll have a very nice ramp up both in terms of volume and performance relative to the G650.
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
And I know there obviously were some problems on the ramp in the G650. But if you look at the size of the program say, and if things go smoothly and say they go smoothly for the G650, is this one that would look at a similar kind of a rate increase over time to the G650?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
I think we'd see a little bit in terms of timing and amount a little bit faster, but step back and think about the G500 and the G600. When we entered into the test program, we had retired an enormous amount of risk even before we had our first flight. And at every step of the way on both the G500 and now the G600, we have met or surpassed our milestones and the capabilities that we had designed into that airplane. So the design maturity of even the test airplane is far in excess of what we saw on the G650.
So the disequilibrium that I think I talked about back in 2013 where we had a bunch of G650s on the tarmac that we had to go back in and retrofit, we do not anticipate anything like that for the G500 and G600, simply because the test airplanes were really manufactured to production standards. So we'll all go back, and as we have had changes and updates in some design parameters, we've done those at that time. So I don't anticipate – in fact, there's nothing to indicate that we would see anything like we did on the G650. Does that answer your question?
Douglas Stuart Harned - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Yes. And if I can, on the purpose-built facility, because a lot of what happened on the G650 is you made some pretty dramatic improvements in manufacturing processes. I know you've done a lot of work in that regard on the G500 and G600. Would you characterize the potential to improve cost of manufacturing on the G500 and G600 as a step comparable to what you did from the G550 and the G650, and should we see an improvement like that?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Given that we will start out at a higher rate, perhaps the incremental improvement plane over plane may be less than what we saw on the G650, but I think that we are poised to have a very nice learning curve plane over plane in both programs. And that's how we have – all of the analysis that we have done in terms of production preplanning suggests that will be the case.
Operator
The next question comes from Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC
Thank you very much. I will just use the cash flow statement to ask about four questions. No, to be serious for a moment, thank you, Phebe. But to be serious, there are two points. One, to go back to Doug's question a little bit, we didn't see a lot of increase in inventory. And so if we're preparing for reasonable growth in or entry into service of the G500, can you explain the puts and the takes there?

And then second, I thought at some point we would get some further advances from some of your international Combat Systems business. And when might we expect that? Are there some milestones related to that? And then just one small follow-up item, could you talk about FirstNet for a moment? Thank you.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
Howard, I'll take your first part of your question on the inventories. This is one of the other many underlying subtleties of the new revenue recognition rule that we maybe skipped over at the year-end conference call as we touched on the major muscle movers. But in this case, we used to have a fairly – in the balance sheet categorization – I'll try and be as quick as I can on this. Of these accounts, we used to have what we called contracts in process that was almost exclusively related to the defense business, and inventory that you could pretty – as a general statement, pretty closely correlate to the Aerospace business.
The new rules have us categorizing these two accounts as what we called unbilled receivables and inventories now, and it now co-mingles some of the different pieces of the defense and commercial Aerospace businesses. So there were some decreases in inventories associated with the defense businesses in the quarter offsetting some of the increase that we've talked about in the Gulfstream business as we built up on the G500 and G600 programs, so there's a little bit of netting going on in there that you're seeing. But still, the story on the aerospace inventory build and the working capital is consistent with the production ramp we've talked about.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So turning to our international Combat Systems vehicle orders, we have, up until this point, had milestone payments, but we move in this quarter, in the second quarter, into payment on delivery. So we anticipate that we will have a more regular order of cash on the unit of deliveries. And again, we are ahead of plan on our production. So I'm comfortable that the cash flow that we modeled at the beginning of these programs we will execute on appropriately.
FirstNet, we have been careful to refer the general questions to AT&T, to whom we are a sub. But we consider this a potential growth market into the future and for many years to come. And again, it will be a nice franchise for us.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC
Thank you very much.
Operator
The next question comes from Samuel Pearlstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
I was wondering if you could talk about two different segments in terms of the guidance. Just IS&T, why the revenue looked so weak this quarter, and can you still get that back to up modestly for the year? And I guess if you can address Aerospace, the same thing with the margin, where it is this year would seem as though your low 19% is a pretty low hurdle.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So let me address in the inverse order. We had a particularly outstanding quarter. I think that was obvious. We anticipate that we'll be at about a 20% margin in the second and third quarter and then a decline in the fourth quarter. So as of today, we're still holding to our guidance.
With respect to the IS&T revenue, let me talk about two things here. Remember, these are two – the two businesses in that group are short-cycle businesses, so we had anticipated a lighter volume quarter. It was a touch lighter than we had anticipated, largely because as we changed administrations, we had some slowdown in the execution of the contract line items in a number of particular programs. So our view today is that we are very much poised to recover that, and we're holding to our guidance.

Let me talk to you a little bit about though – and I think this might be an opportune time – talk to you a little bit about how we built the guidance for this year and equally importantly in the out years. When we built our plans in the fall, we considered only those then-known programs. We factored them accordingly and then built into our plans the attendant cash flow. To the extent across the defense portfolio that we see additional funding, that represents upside to us. That's true in Combat, in the Marine group, and particularly in IS&T. So I think understanding the context in which we built these plans will help you get some sense of our confidence in our revenue estimates for the year as we stand today.
Samuel J. Pearlstein - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
That's helpful, thank you.
Operator
The next question comes from Cai von Rumohr with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC
Yes, thank you very much. So, Phebe, as I thought I heard you talk about Gulfstream 500 certification flights into October and then certification two months later, are we talking about certification late in the year? And is that consistent with still hitting some initial deliveries in the fourth quarter?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
This has been – there's nothing that has changed in our plan with respect to certification from the FAA. And I think our plan anticipated, and we're on track to do that, one delivery. We'll have multiple green airplanes, but just right now we're looking at one completed entry into service airplane on the G500, again consistent with what we have been anticipating.
Cai von Rumohr - Cowen and Company, LLC
Okay. And then based on what you said about the margins at Gulfstream, I think on the fourth quarter call you talked about the quarterly earnings pattern, given where you started the year. Could you maybe update us because if the margins are going to go down in the fourth quarter, on paper that would seem to be a tougher compare?
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
One thing I think we talked about in January on the call was with – and I think we talked about it in light of the transition to the new revenue recognition rules, how we were anticipating having a stronger first quarter, and Phebe went into this in her remarks about the green deliveries, the extra green deliveries in the fourth quarter of last year and how those would translate into more outfitted deliveries in the first quarter.
But as we then went out of the year, we had been anticipating green production, as she just discussed, of the G500s, which would now be deferred till they're outfitted deliveries into 2018. So while the year guidance is what it is, the slope is a little bit different than perhaps typical with the stronger first quarter and a little bit of that shift in the fourth quarter because of that transition to the G500. So I can't reverse-engineer it for you here specifically, but I think that slope is what we alluded to at the end of the year and consistent with Phebe just described earlier.
Operator
The next question comes from Jason Gursky with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Gursky - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Yeah, good morning, everyone. Phebe, I wonder if you could spend a few minutes back on Aerospace and talk a little bit about services aftermarkets at aviation. Just maybe describe a little bit about the current demand environment, particularly on the completion side of things for Jet, what you're seeing in cycles, and the aftermarket for the existing Gulfstream fleet. And then talk a little bit about the longer-term outlook for your businesses there, some of the recent M&A activity we've seen there, and some of the other investments that you're making, and what your view is on the longer-term growth outlook for Aerospace Services? Thanks.

Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So our Aerospace Services business did very well in the quarter, both in terms of volume and particularly at Gulfstream in terms of volume and margin. And the service business is somewhat cyclical, but we have continued to improve our operating performance on our service end at Gulfstream.
With respect to Jet, we've got a nice pipeline of opportunities in the quarter. They're a bit of a drag on a book-to-bill basis in the quarter, but we expect a strong second quarter on the completions side in terms of demand. And the demand at Jet Aviation has been pretty consistent for the last couple of years. It's somewhat lumpy, so as we – the additions into backlog of new orders have been a touch lumpy on the completions side.
On the services side, we've been making a series of very targeted small investments to augment our FBO capability and our managed fleet capability. One of the things I'm particularly pleased about is that we've seen additional synergies between Gulfstream and Jet Aviation as we have matured Jet and begun to provide them additional resources and assets to support Gulfstream worldwide, and we're continuing that path. So completions business steady, lumpy in terms of order activity. But on the service side, we see nice growth in the future, and we're very pleased with the performance of the investments we've made heretofore.
Operator
The next question comes from Myles Walton with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Thanks, good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
I was wondering if I could circle onto Gulfstream just for a second. The fourth quarter margin of 19%, is that more indicative of the completions that were carried over being better margin than the first half of 2017 and the flow-in of initial deliveries of the G500? And what does that tell us about 2018? You've talked about the top line growth in 2018, but I don't think you've said if the EBIT grows in 2018.
Jason W. Aiken - General Dynamics Corp.
So, as it relates to the fourth quarter, I don't know if you can state it that simply. As always, the quarter-to-quarter margin in the Aerospace business is going to be the result of a number of factors. We've touched on them from time to time over the years. Obviously mix is an important part of that. You alluded to that, so there's a piece of that there. But it's also the level of pre-owned activity, the service business, Jet Aviation, R&D. All of those have meaningful points that can move you 10, 20, 30, 40 basis points in a given quarter on each of those particular items. So I wouldn't chalk it up to any one influence, but that's what the mix is shaking out to be as we're looking at the fourth quarter.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So when you think about margins and earnings too, but let's talk about – let's go back a couple years ago when we – as we entered into this transition from the G455 and G50 to the G500 and G600, we told you all that our goal was essentially flat earnings. And we were going to accomplish that by feathering in some additional G650. We've done that, but on top of which we've had superior cost control and nice operating leverage at Gulfstream. So that's combined to allow us to meet that commitment.
As we go into next year, we are anticipating – we haven't given you specific year-over-year guidance on margins, but we're going to bring down that G650 production a touch, as you would expect as we move up the ramp on the G500 and then ultimately the G600. So when you look at – the past has to be prologue. When you look at the operating performance of Gulfstream, I am very comfortable that they'll do nicely on their margin performance. But we're not going to get into 2018 details until we get a little bit further. In fact, we'll do it at the end of the year, as is our constant practice.

Myles A. Walton - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay, all right. Thanks.
Operator
The next question comes from Rob Stallard with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Thanks so much, good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
Phebe, I was wondering if you could comment on this whole continuing resolution situation, whether you've seen any impact of that, particularly on your short-cycle businesses, and what your expectations are if this should drag on.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
The Congress – the customer has made it quite clear to the Congress on the impacts on national security of failing to enact a budget. That said, we've done an analysis of a potential full-year CR, which we do not anticipate. But if we actually experience a full-year CR, the impact on our 2017 is not material. So that tells you something about the strength of our backlog, by the way.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
So there's been no impact in IS&T that you've seen so far?
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
No, not yet, other than it's a little slow to execute on some of the contract task orders, but we anticipate that increasing.
Robert Stallard - Vertical Research Partners, LLC
That's great, thank you very much.
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Gary, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator
And the final question will come from Seth Seifman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Thanks very much, good morning.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Good morning.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Phebe, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the M&A landscape these days and whether anticipation of a growing defense budget causes you to look at anything differently or whether high valuations remain a deterrent.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
So I have an answer that I've been giving for the last four years now under the fifth, and it's we're not going to comment on M&A. It's simply not appropriate. You all understand the landscape, and we haven't seen much changes in valuations, so no real change.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Okay, fair enough. And maybe I'll sneak in another quick one then. And maybe as you talk about – thinking about the business jet market and where you think about the opportunities longer term, I guess, as you think about investing in new platforms, not necessarily a specific plan, but whether you'd think about smaller or large, and also your future plans for the G280.
Phebe N. Novakovic - General Dynamics Corp.
Let's answer this in this regard because any more specificity is inappropriate. You can expect that we will continue to have a robust R&D profile to fund new product development now and into the future. That's our business proposition. And in that regard, we're going to stick to our knitting. We're going to stick to our market in which we have excelled, and frankly we're the only company to fully excel. So steady as she goes, past is prologue.
Seth M. Seifman - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Great, thank you very much.
Alison Harbrecht - General Dynamics Corp.
Great, thank you for joining our call today. If you have additional questions, I can be reached at 703-876-3311. Have a good day.
Operator
The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All GD TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Manufacturing and Industrial Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Manufacturing and Industrial StocksWaste Management's Stock Looks OvervaluedWM• Today, 8:48 AM • Strubel Investment ManagementNordson: A Premier Dividend King Dispensing Higher Dividends For 53 Straight YearsNDSN• Today, 7:10 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•1 CommentResolute Mining - 300K Oz/Year Gold Producer Trading Near 52-Week LowsRMGGF• Today, 2:45 AM • FI Fighter•5 CommentsMobile Mini, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMINI• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsHoneywell: Sticky Results Prompt InquiryHON• Yesterday, 3:26 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsTennant: Boring Is BetterTNC• Yesterday, 2:39 PM • Michael Boyd•1 CommentQuanta Services Acquires Stronghold Companies For Up To $550 MillionPWR• Yesterday, 1:18 PM • Donovan JonesRockwell Collins: Pre-Earnings PlayCOL• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Sam Paul•4 CommentsMetso Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMXTOF• Yesterday, 9:28 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: Beat Or Miss?BA• Yesterday, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•16 CommentsDover: An Impressive Earnings Release From This Dividend AristocratDOV• Yesterday, 4:16 AM • Sure DividendFundamental Issues At Fortescue Metals Exposed By Native Title ClaimFSUMF• Yesterday, 1:59 AM • Jesse DonovanWill USG Corporation Continue To Grow?USG• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:23 PM • Alexander Vester•8 CommentsAmerican Outdoor Brands Is A BuyAOBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:25 PM • Philomena Doyle•7 CommentsBass Metals (BSSMF) Presents At Noosa Mining Conference 2017 - SlideshowBSSMF• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:52 PM • SA Transcripts3M: Place Your BetsMMM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:25 PM • Josh Arnold•14 CommentsInstalled Building Products: Expectations Seem Too HighIBP• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:25 PM • Michael BoydDover Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDOV• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:35 AM • SA TranscriptsValmont Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVMI• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:24 AM • SA TranscriptsLower Boeing 787 Profits: No ProblemBA• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:16 AM • Dhierin Bechai•2 CommentsScreening For Potential Spin-Offs: 3MMMM• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:40 AM • Eric Nickolaison•14 CommentsSnap-on, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSNA• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:17 AM • SA TranscriptsSun Hydraulics: Finally Turned The CornerEditors' Pick • SNHY• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:46 AM • Michael BoydBoeing 787 And EmiratesBA• Thu, Jul. 20, 7:30 AM • Dhierin Bechai•19 CommentsFastenal - The Sell-Off Feels Like An Overreaction To MeFAST• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:30 AM • MnMInvestor•7 CommentsIllinois Tool Works: A Dividend King With Double-Digit Total Return PotentialITW• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:33 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsBoeing's Earnings BustBA• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:19 PM • Sean Warneke•29 CommentsHighpower International Cleans Up With Battery Contracts For Robotic Vacuum CleanersHPJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:01 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•38 CommentsAssa Abloy AB ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASAZY• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:50 PM • SA TranscriptsTecnoglass (TGLS) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTGLS• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA Transcripts•3 CommentsH&E Equipment Services (HEES) Acquires Neff Corporation - SlideshowHEES, NEFF• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:29 PM • SA TranscriptsBriggs & Stratton: American Icon Trading At A DiscountEditors' Pick • BGG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:54 PM • Michael Boyd•6 CommentsGreen Light For Sabina Gold & SilverSGSVF• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:29 PM • Robert Sinn•7 CommentsRBC Bearings: Great Company, Tough ValuationEditors' Pick • ROLL• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:32 AM • Vince MartinAeroVironment: A Pure Play On DronesAVAV• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:10 AM • Timothy Gornall•7 CommentsBoeing 747 Order Book: De-RiskedBA• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:50 PM • Dhierin Bechai•15 CommentsHusqvarna AB 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHUSQF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:15 PM • SA TranscriptsGEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (GEAGY) Updates FY2017 Guidance: SlideshowGEAGY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:14 PM • SA TranscriptsTrump Euphoria Fades Signaling A Short For The HomebuildersITB• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:31 PM • Eric Basmajian•9 CommentsLockheed Martin 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLMT• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:29 PM • SA TranscriptsBoeing 747: Another OneBA• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:24 PM • Dhierin Bechai•8 CommentsCautious On Honeywell Heading Into EarningsHON• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:50 AM • Josh Arnold•7 CommentsHow 3M Can Fix Its Growth ProblemMMM• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:47 AM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsHomebuilders Have Surged In 2017, But Momentum Appears To Be FadingCAA, ITB, KBH• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:41 AM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•3 CommentsNVR Inc.: Like No Other BuilderNVR• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:31 AM • William Mack, CFA•7 CommentsHovnanian At RiskHOV• Tue, Jul. 18, 8:23 AM • ValueAnalyst•7 CommentsCavco: Risk-Averse Housing PlayCVCO• Mon, Jul. 17, 4:00 PM • Michael BoydSevern Trent (STRNY) 2019 Price Review Update - SlideshowSTRNY• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsBoeing: I Told You SoBA• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:06 AM • Dhierin Bechai•38 CommentsCaterpillar Looks Poised For More Dividend GrowthCAT• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:28 AM • Josh Arnold•8 CommentsCaterpillar - High Uncertainty, High ValuationCAT• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:12 AM • Kenra Investors•6 CommentsTime To Take Profits In General DynamicsGD• Mon, Jul. 17, 8:51 AM • All American Investor•9 CommentsAtlas Copco AB ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATLKY• Mon, Jul. 17, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsChicago Bridge & Iron: Amazing Upside PotentialCBI• Mon, Jul. 17, 6:23 AM • Daniel Jones•116 CommentsFluor: Speculation Obscures ProspectsFLR• Mon, Jul. 17, 6:09 AM • John Abbink•2 CommentsThe MD-11 ReplacementBA• Mon, Jul. 17, 5:08 AM • Dhierin Bechai•49 CommentsHow To Play The Growing Housing MarketLPX• Sat, Jul. 15, 7:33 AM • Ian Dyer•6 CommentsPolar Power: More To Come Over The VerizonEditors' Pick • POLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:02 PM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsOil And Gas Companies With Excellent Fundamentals And Good Dividend Yields To Add To Your Portfolio, Part 1 - Técnicas ReunidasTNISF• Fri, Jul. 14, 1:46 PM • Dario Gonzalez•4 CommentsFastenal: 'Buy The Dip' PlayFAST• Fri, Jul. 14, 12:13 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsPentair: Restructuring And Upcoming Spinoff Can Yield A 31% UpsidePNR• Fri, Jul. 14, 8:33 AM • Khursheed Brothers•5 CommentsLayne Christensen Still Has More UpsideLAYN• Fri, Jul. 14, 8:22 AM • Vince Martin•1 CommentRev Group Driving Downward Ahead Of IPO Lockup ExpirationREVG• Fri, Jul. 14, 6:15 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentJune Order Battle Between Boeing And AirbusBA, EADSF• Thu, Jul. 13, 5:21 PM • Dhierin Bechai•22 CommentsAirbus June Order And Delivery Report: No FireworksEADSF• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:30 PM • Dhierin BechaiMiddleby: Shedding The Fat And Growing StrongMIDD• Thu, Jul. 13, 8:55 AM • Matt Hogan•11 CommentsBetter Dividend Aristocrat: 3M Or Dover?MMM, DOV• Thu, Jul. 13, 8:33 AM • Sure Dividend•3 CommentsFastenal Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFAST• Wed, Jul. 12, 9:22 PM • SA TranscriptsBoeing June Order And Delivery Report: Parisian EuphoriaBA• Wed, Jul. 12, 5:47 PM • Dhierin Bechai•7 CommentsFastenal: A Lesson In Risk ManagementFAST• Wed, Jul. 12, 3:02 PM • Pat Stout•2 CommentsThe Growing Pains At HollySys Are Real, But The Potential Is WorthwhileEditors' Pick • HOLI• Wed, Jul. 12, 2:38 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFAEmerson Electric: Yield Now, But Growth to ComeEMR• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:42 AM • John Abbink•2 CommentsArconic: Head FakeARNC• Wed, Jul. 12, 9:24 AM • Activist Stocks•9 CommentsChart Industries Getting Back On TrackEditors' Pick • GTLS• Wed, Jul. 12, 7:36 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•2 Comments123456...219Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•11 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Equity Bancshares' (EQBK) CEO Brad Elliott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQBK•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
General Dynamics Chairman and CEO Novakovic to Speak at Bernstein's 33rd Annual Strategic Decisions ConferenceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.General Dynamics Chairman and CEO Novakovic to Speak at Bernstein's 33rd Annual Strategic Decisions ConferencePR NewswireMay 26, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareFALLS CHURCH, Va., May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics (GD) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phebe N. Novakovic will speak at the Bernstein's 33rd Annual Strategic Decisions Conference on Thursday, June 1 at 10 am EDT.A live webcast of the presentation will be available at www.generaldynamics.com.Headquartered in Falls Church, Virginia, General Dynamics is a global aerospace and defense company that offers a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; C4ISR and IT solutions; and shipbuilding. The company's 2016 revenue was $30.6 billion. More information is available at www.generaldynamics.com.    General Dynamics (PRNewsFoto/General Dynamics) (PRNewsFoto/General Dynamics)More To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/general-dynamics-chairman-and-ceo-novakovic-to-speak-at-bernsteins-33rd-annual-strategic-decisions-conference-300464206.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextCramer Remix: Amazon is king, whether you like it or notCNBCComing soon to Amazon: Alexa-enabled Kenmore fridges and washing machinesDigital TrendsMarissa Mayer wants 'CEO' atop her resume again after end of Yahoo, but Uber silent so far: reportSiliconBeatKeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney says economic stimulus will have 'a coiled-spring effect' on banks' capitalCNBCUnion Pacific CEO Fritz Sees 'Plenty of Opportunity'Bloomberg VideoWhy it might be ‘dangerous’ for IBM to turn itself around: professorYahoo FinanceThe pizza-making robots that want to change the worldYahoo FinanceO.J. Simpson Owes Millions. Here's Why He Can Retire Comfortably and Never Work Again AnywayMoneyAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressMary Kay Launches Beauty Industry First As Thousands Convene For U.S. SeminarPR NewswireAn obscure Senate rule just put the GOP healthcare bill in even bigger perilBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness InsiderFormer McCain rival suggests he resign because of cancerJohn: Dang, what a ghoul! That's disgusting, even for a Republican!Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k








Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  It's okay to be afraid, because you can't be brave or courageous without fear. Dave Chappelle, Comedian    


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














phebe n novakovic - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Richmond physical therapy | AlliancePhysicalTherapyVA.com



Ad
 ·
AlliancePhysicalTherapyVA.com



Richmond and Colonial Heights Locations.Open 7am-8pm/Quick Appts.


8206 Leesburg Pike,Suite 402, Vienna · 


Directions

 · (703) 356-3470




Phebe Novakovic Revealed - Want Info on Phebe Novakovic?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Phebe Novakovic? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search




Search Arrest Records



Search Records Now
















Phebe Novakovic




Phebe Novakovic is an American businesswoman and former intelligence officer. She serves as the Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of General Dynamics. As of 2014, she is listed

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Phebe N. Novakovic - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/phebe-n-novakovic


Phebe N. Novakovic was paid $801,907 to sit on the boards of Abbott Laboratories and General Dynamics


Roxanne S. Austin - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/roxanne-s-austin


Roxanne S. Austin was paid $3,035,072 to sit on the boards of Target and Abbott Laboratories


Meet the 9 most powerful female CEOs in corporate America ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2016/06/13/meet-the-9-most-powerful...


Phebe N. Novakovic. Company: General Dynamics. ... Last year Novakovic led the company to a record year of financial performance, with operating earnings, ...


W. James Farrell - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/w-james-farrell


W. James Farrell was paid $3,248,769 to sit on the boards of United Continental Holdings, Abbott Laboratories and Allstate


William A. Osborn - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/william-a-osborn


William A. Osborn was paid $3,956,320 to sit on the boards of Caterpillar, Abbott Laboratories and General Dynamics


General Dynamics Earnings: Beating Estimates and the ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2014/01/22/general-dynamics...


What: On Wednesday, General Dynamics reported its 2013 fourth-quarter results, beating estimates on earnings and revenue. Starting from the top, revenues for the ...


Lester L. Lyles - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/lester-l-lyles


Lester L. Lyles was paid $1,485,332 to sit on the boards of General Dynamics


General Dynamics Information Systems and Technology Head ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/02/12/news-general-dynamics...


General Dynamics Information Systems and Technology ... Officer Phebe N. Novakovic will run ... General Dynamics Information Systems and Technology Head ...


Sally E. Blount - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/sally-e-blount


Sally E. Blount was paid $502,920 to sit on the boards of Abbott Laboratories


Nicholas D. Chabraja - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/nicholas-d-chabraja


Nicholas D. Chabraja was paid $1,325,896 to sit on the boards of General Dynamics










Richmond physical therapy | AlliancePhysicalTherapyVA.com



Ad
 ·
AlliancePhysicalTherapyVA.com



Richmond and Colonial Heights Locations.Open 7am-8pm/Quick Appts.


8206 Leesburg Pike,Suite 402, Vienna · 


Directions

 · (703) 356-3470




Phebe Novakovic Revealed - Want Info on Phebe Novakovic?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Phebe Novakovic? Just Search A Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search




Search Arrest Records



Search Records Now




Searches related tophebe n novakovic



phebe novakovic husband


phebe novakovic wiki


general dynamics ceo salary


phebe n novakovic leadership style



general dynamics executives


phebe n novakovic net worth


phebe n novakovic general dynamics


general dynamics ceo




1234Next

Related Searches



phebe novakovic husband


phebe novakovic wiki


general dynamics ceo salary


phebe n novakovic leadership style


general dynamics executives


phebe n novakovic net worth


phebe n novakovic general dynamics


general dynamics ceo




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








