

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


































Novalere Holdings, Llc - 































































































Follow
Following





      Profile
      





    Last update: 
    2017-07-27








NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC
 - United States













                                    Company registration number  
                                    



5677493 DE



                                    Company Status  
                                    




    REGISTERED




                                    Registered Address  
                                    



US



US





















                                    Country  
                                    



US



                                    State  
                                    



Delaware



                                    Incorporated  
                                    



-



                                    Registered Agent  
                                    



-



                                    Age Of Company  
                                    



2017-07-27

	 years



0-2
3-5
6-20
21-50
51+
years









Did you know? kompany provides original and official company documents for NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC as filed with the Secretaries of State. Guaranteed.




Business Concierge Service
Can't find a particular company or document? Why not ask one of our international specialists to find what you need.

Find out more











  The company details for
      NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC
    are sourced directly or indirectly from official company registries.

You are here: Novalere Holdings, Llc - United States
kompany is an official clearing house of the Republic of Austria (license granted / renewed on April 14th 2015) and is an official distributor of the European Business Register (EBR) (as per agreement dated July 27th 2012). kompany and its subsidiaries are private service providers and do not represent any government or government office.





⇪













 



×

Log Out


Login / Sign up


EN / $





Currency
USD




Choose Language
EN
DE
IT
FR






Your Account


Help











                    Your Cart (0 Items)
                  











Checkout

 
    





 



Loading...





$





Subtotal

$
0.00





VAT

$
0.00



Total

$
0.00





The net total will be deducted from your credit, which is currently:
Document prices will be deducted from your credit:
Document prices will be deducted from your credit upon renewal:


Your balance is calculated after successful delivery of your reports.

 1 







Checkout

 
    

Close








Plans









Search







 










Global Company Intelligence

Social Media

Google+
Twitter
Facebook

LinkedIn

Xing
Pinterest
























100% worldwide and authoritative company information including original document filings for KYC, AML, EDD and other compliance processes.
kompany is an official clearing house of the Republic of Austria, a partner of the European Business Register and an official distributor of business registers worldwide, such as Germany’s Common Register Portal, Switzerland’s  ZEFIX, the UK’s Companies House, Ireland’s  CRO, the Netherland’s KvK, and Russia’s Central Registers.























Stay in good kompany
We service over 30,000 Business Customers from over 100 Countries, including large international banking groups, Eurozone Central Banks, “Bulge Bracket” Investment Banks, all The Big 4 Accounting Firms, Government Domain Registrars, International Yellow Page Companies, 25,000+ small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and over 3,300 Law Firms worldwide.

 







Support 24/7

redcarpet@kompany.com
Help
Prices & Products
sales@kompany.com





Customer Area


Compare Plans

 RegisterDirect 


 PEP & Sanctions 


 SMART Enterprise 


 Uptime & Availability Report 


 Finance 


 Risk 


 Procurement 


 Legal & Audit 


 API 


 Document Translation Service 





Information

About kompany
Newsletter
Masthead
General Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Partners
Careers




kompany International


International
Germany
United Kingdom
Austria
Switzerland


Italy
Ireland
Malta
France






Recent searches




NOVALERE, INC.
NOVALERE, INC.
NOVALERT, INC.
NOVALEX THERAPEUTICS, INC.
NOVALEX TRANSLATIONS, LLC




BELLANOVA, LLC
NOVALIA TECHNOLOGY LLC
NOVALIE, LLC
NOVA LEASING GROUP LLC
INEOS STYROLUTION AMERICA LLC




NOVAL
NOVALIGN ORTHOPAEDICS, INC.
NOVALINK HOLDINGS, INC.
NOVALINK, INC.
NOVALIS ACQUISITION COMPANY, LLC




NOVALIS CORPORATION
NOVALIS DEVELOPMENT & LICENSING ACQUISITION COMPANY, LLC
JILL TERRANOVA LANDSCAPE DESIGN, LTD.
NOVALIS DEVELOPMENT ACQUISITION COMPANY, LLC
LANOVA LLC






© 2012 - 2017, 360kompany GmbH - Mariahilfer Straße 93/2/20, 1060 Vienna, Austria - Commercial Court Vienna FN 375714x - VAT ATU67091005. All rights reserved. MastheadPicture by 
            






 
In order to provide you with the best experience this website uses cookies. By using our website and service, you agree to our use of cookies. View cookie policy


















   







Novalere Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:42 AM ET

Company Overview of Novalere Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Novalere Holdings, LLC was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


151 Tremont StreetPenthouseBoston, MA 02111United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 617-497-3538








Key Executives for Novalere Holdings, LLC


Novalere Holdings, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Novalere Holdings, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Form  SC 13D     INNOVUS PHARMACEUTICALS,               Filed by: Novalere Holdings, LLC
















































Close (X)
	Set up related e-mail alerts – FREE!






Categories
Entities
Stocks
Sign up!



SEC Filings


13D ($$)





INNV





E-mail Address




















 













Log-In
|
Home
|
E-mail Alerts
|
My Headlines
|
Portfolio



Upgrade to StreetInsider Premium! - Free Trial








 




Home


Menu

JOIN
SI Premium
Ratings
M&A Insider
EPS Insider
Dividends
IPO Insider
Hedge Funds
Premium Letters
Submit Release


JOIN

SI Premium

Full Feed View
Headline View
SI Premium Squawk Box
Alerts
Custom Headlines 
UPGRADE TO SI PREMIUM
License



Calendars

Dividend Calendar
Earnings Calendar
Event Driven
FDA Calendar
Investor Conferences
IPO Calendar
Merger Arb
Ratings Calendar
Stock Split Calendar 



Ratings

Analyst Comments
Hot Analyst Comments
Analyst EPS Change
Analyst EPS View
Analyst PT Change
Credit Ratings
Downgrade News
Hot Downgrades
New Coverage News
Hot New Coverage
Upgrade News
Hot Upgrades
More...



M&A Insider

Merger News
Hot M&A News
Private Equity
Rumors
Spinoffs
Merger Arbitrage
Event Driven
2017 Top M&A Deals
Top 50 Takeover Targets
More...



EPS Insider

Earnings Calendar
Earnings News
Hot Earnings
Guidance
Hot Guidance
Conference Calls
Earnings History Search
More...



Dividends

Dividend Calendar
Dividend News
Hot Dividends
Dividend Hike
Special Dividends
Stock Buybacks
Hot Stock Buybacks
Stock Splits
More...



IPO Insider

IPO News
Hot IPOs
Equity Offerings
Recent IPOs
Upcoming IPOs
2017 Top IPOs
More...



Hedge Funds

13D
13F
13G
Hedge Funds News
Hot Insider Trades
Insider Trades
More...



Premium Letters

NEW *** Dividend Insider Elite
Pulse Picks
Ratings Insider Elite
Stealth Growth Insider


Submit Release





QUICK LINKS :
Goldman Sachs Conviction Buy List
Carl Icahn News
Warren Buffett News
Ackman News

Follow @Street_Insider









SEC Filings







Form  SC 13D     INNOVUS PHARMACEUTICALS,               Filed by: Novalere Holdings, LLC

Article
Stock Quotes (1)
Comments (0)













FREE Breaking News Alerts from StreetInsider.com!


E-mail Address








StreetInsider.com Top Tickers, 7/27/2017

1. FB
2. PYPL
3. AZN
4. BWLD
5. BA


6. SPY
7. SBUX
8. GILD
9. LRCX
10. AMZN













Top News
Most Read
Special Reports



Futures rise as Fed stands pat on rates
Facebook (FB) Tops Q2 EPS by 19c
AstraZeneca (AZN) Shares Plunge After MYSTIC Trial Did Not Meet Primary Endpoint
Comcast (CMCSA) Tops Q2 EPS by 4c, Beats on Revenues
Verizon Communications (VZ) Reports In-Line Q2 EPS, Beats on Revenues




ServiceMaster (SERV) to Spin Off American Home Shield; Names Nikhil Varty as Chief Executive Officer
British American Tobacco (BTI) Completes Acquisition of Reynolds (RAI)
Unilever (UL) Bankers Said to Urge Board to Pull Trigger on Colgate (CL) Takeover - Source
UPDATE: BMO Capital Downgrades AMD (AMD) to Market Perform
Tupperware Brands (TUP) Winds-Down Beauticontrol Unit After Unsuccessful Sale




After-Hours Movers 07/26: (AXTI) (NTGR) (FB) Higher; (CUR) (CYH) (BWLD) Lower (more...)
Pre-Open Stock Movers 07/26: (TTPH) (IRBT) (AMD) Higher; (AMED) (USNA) (DVAX) Lower (more...)
After-Hours Movers 07/25: (TTPH) (IRBT) (X) (AMD) Higher; (USNA) (CHGG) (AKAM) Lower (more...)
Pre-Open Movers 07/25: (BKS) (COT) (CAT) Higher; (STX) (NVAX) (GOOGL) Lower (more...)
After-Hours Movers 7/24: (RMBS) (SWFT) (HDP) Higher; (NVAX) (SANM) (GOOGL) Lower (more...)










April 14, 2015 9:15 AM EDT

 Tweet
 Share
 E-mail
0 shares










Get instant alerts when news breaks on your stocks. Claim your 2-week free trial to StreetInsider Premium here.


 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
SCHEDULE 13D
Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Amendment No. )*
 
Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
 (Name of
Issuer)
 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value
(Title of Class of Securities)
 
45778V106

(CUSIP Number)
 
Novalere Holdings, LLC
151 Tremont Street, Penthouse
Boston, MA 02111
 
With a copy to:
 
Gil Arie, Esq.
Foley Hoag LLP
155 Seaport Blvd.
Boston, MA 02210
617-832-1781
(Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person
Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications)
 
February 5, 2015
(Date of Event which Requires Filing of this
Statement)
 

If the filing person has previously filed a statement on Schedule
13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing this schedule because of §§240.13d-1(e),
240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box. ¨
 

Note: Schedules filed in paper format shall include a signed
original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See §240.13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are sent.
 
*The remainder of this cover page shall be filled out for a reporting
person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for any subsequent amendment containing
information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.
 
The information required on the remainder of this cover page shall
not be deemed to be "filed" for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Act") or
otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject to all other provisions of the Act (however,
see the Notes).
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No.  45778V106                                                     13D                                                          Page 2 of 9 Pages

1.
Names of Reporting Persons.

 
Novalere Holdings, LLC

2.
Check the Appropriate Box if a Member of a Group (See Instructions)

 

(a) ¨
(b) ¨

3.
SEC Use Only 

4.
Source of Funds (See Instructions)          OO

 5.
Check if Disclosure of Legal Proceedings Is Required Pursuant to Items 2(d) or 2(e)   ¨

6.
Citizenship or Place of Organization    USA                          

Number of
Shares
Beneficially
Owned by
Each
Reporting
Person With
7.
Sole Voting Power         12,808,796

8.
Shared Voting Power     

9.
Sole Dispositive Power      11,527,917

10.
Shared Dispositive Power   

11.
Aggregate Amount Beneficially Owned by Each Reporting Person    12,808,796

12.
Check if the Aggregate Amount in Row (11) Excludes Certain Shares (See Instructions)  ¨

13.
Percent of Class Represented by Amount in Row (11)       31.6%

14.
Type of Reporting Person (See Instructions)   OO


 

 
 

 


CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 3 of 9 Pages

 

Item 1.Security and Issuer

 
This statement on Schedule 13D relates to the common stock, $0.001
par value (the “Common Stock”), of Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Issuer”).
The address of the Issuer’s principal executive offices is 9171 Towne Center Drive, Suite 440, San Diego, CA 92122.
 

Item 2.Identity and Background

 
This statement on Schedule 13D is being filed
by Novalere Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Holdings”). Investment and voting authority
regarding the shares of Common Stock held by Holdings is vested in a three-person board of managers. No member of the board of
managers may act individually to vote or sell the shares of Common Stock held by Holdings and no member of the board of managers
may act individually to remove another member. The principal business of Holdings is to hold the Common Stock issued to Holdings
in connection with the Merger (as described in Item 4 below). The address of the principal business and the principal office of
Holdings is 151 Tremont Street, Penthouse, Boston, MA 02111.
 
(d)         During the five years preceding the date
of this statement on Schedule 13D, Holdings has not been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar
misdemeanors).
 
During the five years preceding the date of
this statement on Schedule 13D, Holdings was not a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent
jurisdiction and, as a result of such proceeding, was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order (1) enjoining future
violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or (2) finding any violation
with respect to such laws.
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 4 of 9 Pages

  

Item 3.Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration

 
Holdings acquired the right to receive up to an aggregate of 25,617,592
shares of the Common Stock (the “Holdings Consideration Shares”) in exchange for 24,377,083 shares of common
stock of Novalere FP, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Novalere”) in connection with the merger of Novalere with
and into the Issuer (the “Merger,” as more fully described in Item 4). At the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”),
12,808,796 of the Holdings Consideration Shares (the “Closing Shares”) were issued in the name of Holdings,
with 11,527,917 of such Closing Shares distributed to Holdings at the Closing, and 1,280,879 of the Closing Shares (the “Escrow
Shares”) delivered to Wilmington Trust, National Association as escrow agent (the “Escrow Agent”),
to be held in escrow for the benefit of Holdings. The distribution of the remainder of the Holdings Consideration Shares is subject
to certain conditions set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 4, 2015 (the “Merger Agreement”)
between the Issuer, Novalere, Holdings, Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation I, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of the issuer (“Merger Sub I”), and Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation II, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the issuer (“Merger Sub II”).
 

Item 4.Purpose of Transaction

 
On February 5, 2015 (the “Closing Date”), pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the Issuer acquired Novalere through a two-step merger. First, Merger Sub I merged with and into Novalere,
and second, Novalere merged with and into Merger Sub II, with Merger Sub II surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer.
Pursuant to the articles of merger effectuating the Merger, Merger Sub II changed its name to Novalere, Inc.
 
As a result of the Merger, the outstanding shares of Novalere common
stock (other than shares owned by (i) non-accredited stockholders of Novalere, who were cashed out at the closing or (ii) any stockholder
of Novalere who was entitled to and properly exercises dissenters’ rights under Delaware law) were converted into the right
to receive an aggregate of 25,895,312 shares of the Common Stock (the “Consideration Shares”). The Consideration
Shares represented 49% of the total shares of the Issuer issued and outstanding upon completion of the Merger.
 
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Closing the former
Novalere stockholders were entitled to receive 50% of the Consideration Shares (the “Closing Consideration Shares”),
and the remaining 50% of the Consideration Shares (the “ANDA Consideration Shares”) will be delivered to the
former Novalere stockholders only if an Abbreviated New Drug Application of Fluticasone Propionate Nasal Spray of Novalere Manufacturing
Partners is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (the “ANDA Approval”). 10% of the Closing Consideration
Shares, and if ANDA Approval is obtained prior to the 18 month anniversary of the Closing Date, 30% of the ANDA Consideration Shares,
will be held in escrow for a period of 18 months from the Closing Date to be applied towards any indemnification claims by the
Issuer pursuant to the Merger Agreement.
 
Accordingly, at the Closing, the Common Stock reported in this Schedule
13D was issued in the name of Holdings, (i) 11,527,917 shares of which were delivered to Holdings and (ii) 1,280,879 shares of
which were delivered to the Escrow Agent, to be held in escrow for the benefit of Holdings. If ANDA Approval is received, Holdings
will have the right to receive an additional 12,808,796 shares of the Common Stock (the “ANDA Shares”), with
8,966,158 of such shares distributable to Holdings immediately upon receipt of ANDA Approval, and 3,842,638 of such shares delivered
to the Escrow Agent to be held in escrow for the benefit of Holdings.
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 5  of 9 Pages


 
Holdings intends to review continuously its equity interest in the
Issuer. Depending upon its evaluation of the factors described below, Holdings may from time to time purchase additional securities
of the Issuer, dispose of all or a portion of the securities then held by Holdings, or cease buying or selling such securities;
any such additional purchases or sales of securities of the Issuer may be in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions
or otherwise.
 
Holdings, through its managers, employees or agents may wish to
engage in a constructive dialogue with officers, directors and other representatives of the Issuer, as well as the Issuer’s
shareholders; topics of discussion may include, but are not limited to, the Issuer’s markets, operations, competitors, prospects,
strategy, personnel, directors, ownership and capitalization. Holdings may also enter into confidentiality or similar agreements
with the Issuer and, subject to such an agreement or otherwise, exchange information with the Issuer. The factors that Holdings
may consider in evaluating its equity interest in the Issuer’s business include the following: (i) the Issuer’s business
and prospects; (ii) the performance of the Common Stock and the availability of the Common Stock for purchase at particular price
levels; (iii) the availability and nature of opportunities to dispose of Holdings’ interests; (iv) general economic conditions;
(v) stock market conditions; and (vii) other plans and requirements of Holdings and its members.
 
Depending on its assessment of the foregoing factors, Holdings may,
from time to time, modify their present intention as stated in this Item 4.
 
Except as set forth above, Holdings intends to continuously review
its options but does not have at this time any specific plans that would result in (a) the acquisition of additional securities
of the Issuer or the disposition of securities of the Issuer; (b) any extraordinary corporate transactions such as a merger, reorganization
or liquidation involving the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries; (c) any sale or transfer of a material amount of the assets of
the Issuer or of any of its subsidiaries; (d) any change in the present management or Board of Directors of the Issuer, including
any plans or proposals to change the number or term of directors or to fill any existing vacancies on the Issuer’s Board
of Directors; (e) any material change in the present capitalization or dividend policy of the Issuer; (f) any other material change
in the Issuer’s business or corporate structure; (g) any change in the Issuer’s charter or by-laws that may impede
the acquisition of control of the Issuer by any person; (h) the Issuer’s Common Stock being delisted from a national securities
exchange or ceasing to be authorized to be quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system or a registered national securities association;
(i) causing a class of equity securities of the Issuer to become eligible for termination of registration pursuant to Section 12(g)(4)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or (j) any action similar to those enumerated above.
 
The Merger has been described in further detail in Items 1.01, 2.01
and 3.02 of the Issuer’s Form 8-K dated February 5, 2015 (the “8-K”). The agreements entered into in order
to effect the Merger have been described and previously filed with the SEC as exhibits to the 8-K. These agreements (which are
listed on  Item 7 hereto) are being included as exhibits to this Schedule 13D and are incorporated in their entirety by reference
into this Item 4.
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 6  of 9 Pages

  

Item 5.Interest in Securities of the Issuer

 
(a, b)      The percentages of beneficial ownership
reported in this Item 5, and on the cover page to this Schedule 13D, are based on a total of 40,545,545
shares of the Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 24, 2015, as reported in the most recent annual report of
the Issuer on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. All of the share numbers reported below, and on the cover
page to this Schedule 13D, are as of April 14, 2015, unless otherwise indicated. The cover page to this Schedule 13D is incorporated
by reference in its entirety into this Item 5(a, b).
 
Holdings directly holds, and thus has sole voting
and dispositive power over, 11,527,917 shares of Common Stock, which does not include the Escrow Shares or the ANDA Shares. Holdings
has sole voting power over the Escrow Shares. Accordingly, Holdings beneficially owns 12,808,796
shares of Common Stock (including the Escrow Shares but not including the ANDA Shares), or approximately 31.6% of the outstanding
shares of the Common Stock.
 
(c)         Except as described in Item 3 with respect
to the Merger, Holdings did not effect any transaction in shares of the Common Stock from December 7, 2014 (the date 60 days prior
to the Closing Date) to April 14, 2015.
 
(d)         Pursuant to the terms of certain contingent promissory
notes issued by Holdings to Chen Schor, the founder of Novalere, and Novalere LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Schor, Holdings
may be required to make payments to Mr. Schor and Novalere LLC upon its receipt or distribution of the proceeds from the sale of
shares of the Common Stock by Holdings in the aggregate amount of 50% of the net amount of such proceeds, up to an aggregate maximum
of $2,000,000. No other person (other than Holdings) is known to have the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of
dividends from or the proceeds from the sale of shares of the Common Stock.
 
(e)          Not applicable.
 

Item 6.Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships
with Respect to Securities of the Issuer

 
The Merger Agreement, as described in Items 3 and 4 above and incorporated
by reference in their entirety into this Item 6.
 
In connection with the Merger, certain parties to the Merger entered
into the following additional agreements:
 
Registration Rights and Stock Restriction Agreement
 
Pursuant to a Registration Rights and Stock Restriction Agreement
between the Issuer and Holdings dated February 4, 2015 (the “Registration and Restriction Agreement”), Holdings
agreed to the following restrictions on the sale of the Holdings Consideration Shares: (i) after the six-month anniversary of the
Closing Date, and until the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date, no more than 1/3 of the Holdings Consideration Shares may
be sold; (ii) after the 12-month anniversary of the Closing Date and until the 18-month anniversary of the Closing Date, no more
than 2/3 of the Holdings Consideration Shares may be sold; and (iii) all of the Holdings Consideration Shares may be sold upon
the earliest to occur of: (A) the 18-month anniversary of the Closing Date, (B) ANDA Approval, and (C) the Issuer’s stock
being listed on a national securities exchange.
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 7  of 9 Pages

 
In addition, the Registration and Restriction Agreement grants to
Holdings certain demand and piggy-back registration rights. If the Issuer elects to file a registration statement to register stock
for sale or resale, Holdings has the right to have its shares of Common Stock included on such registration statement, subject
to certain exceptions. In addition, at any time after (i) 18 months from the Closing Date and (ii) ANDA Approval is obtained, holders
of a majority of the Holdings Consideration Shares eligible to be registered may demand that the Issuer file a registration statement
on Form S-1 to register the Holdings Consideration Shares. Further, at any time after ANDA Approval is obtained and the Issuer
is eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, holders of a majority of the Holdings Consideration Shares eligible to
be registered, provided that such shares have an anticipated public offering price, net of selling expenses, of at least $1 million,
may demand that the Issuer file a registration statement on Form S-3 to register the Holdings Consideration Shares, provided, however,
that the Issuer shall not be required to file more than three S-3 demand registration statements.
 
Voting Agreement
 
The Voting Agreement between the Issuer and Holdings dated February
4, 2015 (the “Voting Agreement”) provides that for a period of two years following the Closing Date, Holdings
(and any transferee of any Holdings Consideration Shares) (i) will vote in favor of any proposal by the Issuer’s Board of
Directors to effect certain corporate transactions, (ii) will not attempt to be elected or nominate others to be elected to the
Issuer’s Board of Directors, and will vote for the directors nominated by the Issuer’s Board of Directors, and (iii)
will vote in favor of any proposal by the Issuer’s Board of Directors to issue additional securities of the Issuer for capital
raising purposes. The Voting Agreement will continue in full force and effect for an additional 18 months with respect to Holdings
and any transferee of Holdings Consideration Shares for so long as Holdings or such transferee continues to beneficially own 10%
of the Issuer’s Common Stock during that time.
 
Escrow Agreement
 
The Escrow Agreement between the Issuer, Holdings and the Escrow
Agent dated February 5, 2015 governs the parties’ rights and obligations regarding holding, maintaining, distributing and
receiving the shares of Common Stock held in escrow for the benefit of Holdings in accordance with the Merger Agreement.
 
Except as otherwise described in this Schedule 13D, including the
Exhibits attached hereto, there are no contracts, arrangements, understandings, or relationships (legal or otherwise) between Holdings
and any third party, with respect to any securities of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, those involving the transfer
or voting of any of the securities, finder’s fees, joint ventures, loan or option arrangements, put or calls, guarantees
of profits, division of profits or losses, or the giving or withholding of proxies.
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 8 of 9 Pages

 
The Merger has been described in further detail in items 1.02, 2.01
and 3.02 of the Issuer’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015 (the “8-K”).
The agreements entered into in order to effect the Merger have been described and previously filed with the SEC as exhibits to
the 8-K. These agreements (which are listed on in Item 7 hereto) are included as exhibits to this Schedule 13D and are incorporated
in their entirety by reference into this Item 6.
 


Item 7. 
Material to be Filed as Exhibits

 
 

Exhibit 1
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 4, 2015, by and among Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation, Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation II, Novalere FP, Inc. and Novalere Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Issuer’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015).

 
 

Exhibit 2
Registration Rights and Stock Restriction Agreement, dated February 4, 2015, by and between Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Novalere Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Issuer’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015).

 
 

Exhibit 3
Voting Agreement, dated February 4, 2015, by and between Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Novalere Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Issuer’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015).

 
 

Exhibit 4
Escrow Agreement, dated February 5, 2015, by and among Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Novalere Holdings, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association.

 
[signature pages follow]
 

 
 

 



CUSIP No. 45778V106
Page 9 of 9 Pages

 
Signature
 
After reasonable inquiry and to the best of
my knowledge and belief, I certify that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.
 


 
Date:
 April 14, 2015

 


 
NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC

 


 
By:
/s/ David Cohen




 
Name:
David Cohen




 
Title:
Manager

 

 

 


Exhibit 4
 
ESCROW AGREEMENT

This Escrow Agreement dated this 5th day of February, 2015 (the “Agreement”), is entered into by
and among Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Acquiror”), Novalere Holdings, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, (“NFP”) (Acquiror and NFP, collectively, the “Parties,” and individually,
a “Party”), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as escrow agent (“Escrow Agent”).

RECITALS

A.	Acquiror, Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror, Innovus
Pharma Acquisition Corporation II, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror (“Merger Sub”),
Novalere FP, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Novalere”), and NFP, have entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of February 4, 2015 (the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) Novalere
shall be merged with and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”), with Merger Sub being the surviving corporation in
the Merger, and (ii) as merger consideration, Acquiror shall issue to the stockholder of Novalere prior to the Merger shares of
Acquiror’s Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Consideration Shares”), in one or more installments.
 
B.	The Merger Agreement further provides,
that a portion of the Consideration Shares to be issued to NFP (the “Escrow Shares”) shall be deposited with
the Escrow Agent for a period of 18-months after the closing of the Merger.
 
C.	 Escrow Agent has agreed to hold,
maintain and distribute the Escrow Shares and their income in accordance with the terms of this Escrow Agreement.
 
In consideration of the promises and agreements
of the Parties and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Parties and the Escrow Agent agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1
ESCROW DEPOSIT

Section 1.1.	Receipt of Escrow Property. Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, and from time to time
after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Acquiror shall
deliver to Escrow Agent one or more certificates (the “Certificates”) representing Escrow Shares and naming
NFP as the registered owner thereof (the “Escrow Property”)
 
Section 1.2. 	Duties with Respect
to the Escrow Property.
 
(a)	Voting
of Escrow Shares.  NFP, as the registered holder of the Escrow Shares, shall be entitled to exercise all voting rights
with respect to such Escrow Shares. The Escrow Agent shall distribute all proxy materials and other documents relating to the
Escrow Shares received by the Escrow Agent to NFP, if any, received by the Escrow Agent in respect thereof.
 

 
 


 
(b)	Dividends.
Ordinary cash dividends, if any, payable in respect of the Escrow Shares will be paid by Acquiror directly to NFP and not to the
Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent shall have no tax reporting responsibility relating to the cash dividends paid to shareholders.
 
(c)
	Investments. The Escrow Agent is authorized and directed to deposit, transfer, hold and invest the Escrow Property
and any investment income thereon as set forth in Exhibit A hereto, or as set forth in any subsequent joint written instruction
signed by Acquiror and NFP . Any investment earnings and income on the Escrow Property shall not become part of the Escrow Property
and shall be disbursed to NFP. The Escrow Agent is hereby authorized and directed to sell or redeem any such investments as it
deems necessary to make any payments or distributions required under this Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall have no responsibility
or liability for any loss which may result from any investment or sale of investment made pursuant to this Escrow Agreement. The
Escrow Agent is hereby authorized, in making or disposing of any investment permitted by this Escrow Agreement, to deal with itself
(in its individual capacity) or with any one or more of its affiliates, whether it or any such affiliate is acting as agent of
the Escrow Agent or for any third person or dealing as principal for its own account. The Parties acknowledge that the Escrow
Agent is not providing investment supervision, recommendations, or advice.
 
(d)	Fractional
Shares. No fractional shares of Escrow Shares or other securities shall be retained in or released from the Escrow Account
pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(e)	Disbursement
of Escrow Shares. The Escrow Agent is not the stock transfer agent for the Escrow Shares. Accordingly, whenever a distribution
of a number of shares is to be made, the Escrow Agent must requisition the appropriate number of shares from the Transfer Agent,
delivering to it the appropriate stock certificate(s) and Stock Power. For purposes of this Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall
be deemed to have delivered Escrow Shares to the Person entitled to it when the Escrow Agent has delivered such certificates to
the Transfer Agent with instructions to deliver a certificate representing the appropriate number of shares to the appropriate
Person with a certificate representing the residual shares comprising the remaining Escrow Fund to be returned to the Escrow Agent.
Following Escrow Agent’s delivery of such certificates to the Transfer Agent, any Person entitled to Escrow Shares shall
consult directly with the Transfer Agent regarding any delay or problem with delivery of Escrow Shares to such Person.
 
(f)	Stock
Splits; Stock Dividends, etc. In the event of any stock split, stock dividend or other similar occurrence, Acquiror shall
promptly deliver to Escrow Agent a revised version of Exhibit A setting forth the new number of Escrow Shares held in the
Escrow Fund. Unless and until the Escrow Agent receives the certificates representing additional shares of the Escrow Shares,
the Escrow Agent may assume without inquiry that no such stock or other property has been or is required to be issued with respect
to Escrow Shares.
 


2
 


 
Section 1.3.	Disbursements.
 
(a) Claims.
At any time and from time to time during the period from the date of this Agreement through 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the
date that is the 18-month anniversary of the date of this Agreement (the “Escrow Period”), Acquiror may
give to the Escrow Agent, with a copy to NFP, one or more written notices (each a “Claim Notice”)
containing the information set forth below and stating that Acquiror is asserting against NFP a right of indemnity pursuant
to the Merger Agreement (a “Claim”). Upon its receipt of a Claim Notice, the Escrow Agent shall promptly
deliver a copy of the Claim Notice to NFP. For clarification, the Escrow Agent shall disregard any Claim Notice received by
the Escrow Agent after 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on the last day of the Escrow Period (the “Expiration
Time”). The Claim Notice shall specify (i) the nature and details of the Claim, including, without limitation,
whether the Claim is based on a claim by a third party, (ii) the section or sections of the Merger Agreement pursuant to
which the Claim is made, (iii) the amount of the Claim, (iv) the number of Escrow Shares with respect to which the Claim is
made, and (v) that Acquiror has delivered or is delivering a copy of the Claim Notice to NFP. If a Claim is based on a claim
by a third party, copies of any materials or communications from the third party shall be delivered with the Claim
Notice.
 
(b) 
Claimed Shares. Upon receipt of the Claim Notice, the Escrow Agent shall retain the number of Escrow Shares with respect
to which the Claim was made in the Claim Notice (such Escrow Shares, with respect to each Claim Notice, the
“Claimed Shares”), until the Escrow Agent is authorized to release and deliver such Escrow Shares in
accordance with Section 1.3(d) below.
 
(c)  Objection.
NFP shall have the right to object to a Claim Notice within forty-five (45) days after its receipt of the Claim Notice (the
“Objection Period”), by written notice to Acquiror and the Escrow Agent (an
“Objection Notice”). The Objection Notice shall specify (i) the reasons for the objection to the Claim,
(ii) the number of Claimed Shares with respect to which the objection is submitted, and (iii) that NFP has delivered or is
delivering a copy of the Objection Notice to Acquiror. Upon its receipt of an Objection Notice, the Escrow Agent shall
promptly deliver a copy of the Objection Notice to Acquiror. An Objection Notice may dispute or all any part of the Claim
and/or may object to the release to Acquiror of all of any portion of the Claimed Shares. If no Objection Notice is received
by the Escrow Agent by 5:00 p.m. on the last day of the Objection Period, the Claim shall be deemed undisputed.
 
(d) Release and Disbursement from Escrow. The Escrow Agent shall release and deliver Escrow Shares in accordance with
the following provisions:
 
(i)	If
the Escrow Agent does not receive any Claim Notice before expiration of the Escrow Period, the Escrow Agent shall deliver all
Escrow Shares to NFP within five (5) business days after expiration of the Escrow Period.
 
(ii)	If
Acquirer delivers a Claim Notice, and the Escrow Agent does not receive an Objection Notice with respect to such Claim Notice,
the Escrow Agent shall release and deliver the Claimed Shares to Acquiror within five (5) business days after expiration of the
Objection Period.
 

3
 


(iii)	If
Acquirer delivers a Claim Notice, and the Escrow Agent received an Objection Notice that objects to the release of a portion of
the Claimed Shares, the Escrow Agent shall release and deliver the Claimed Shares as to which no objection was made to Acquiror
within five (5) business days after expiration of the Objection Period, and shall continue to hold the remaining Claimed Shares
in escrow in accordance with this Agreement.
 
(iv)	In
addition to the foregoing, the Escrow Agent shall be authorized to release and deliver Escrow Shares in accordance with joint
written instruction executed by Acquiror and NFP, and in accordance with any order, judgment or decree from a court of competent
jurisdiction directing the disposition of the Escrow Shares.
 
Section 1.4.	Income Tax Allocation
and Reporting.
 
(a)	The Parties
agree that, for tax reporting purposes, all interest and other income from investment of the Escrow Property shall, as of the end
of each calendar year and to the extent required by the Internal Revenue Service, be reported as having been earned by Acquiror,
whether or not such income was disbursed during such calendar year.
 
(b)	Prior to closing,
the Parties shall provide the Escrow Agent with certified tax identification numbers by furnishing appropriate forms W-9 or W-8
and such other forms and documents that the Escrow Agent may request. The Parties understand that if such tax reporting documentation
is not provided and certified to the Escrow Agent, the Escrow Agent may be required by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
and the Regulations promulgated thereunder, to withhold a portion of any interest or other income earned on the investment of the
Escrow Property.
 
(c)	To the extent
that the Escrow Agent becomes liable for the payment of any taxes in respect of income derived from the investment of the Escrow
Property, the Escrow Agent shall satisfy such liability to the extent possible from the Escrow Property. The Parties, jointly and
severally, shall indemnify, defend and hold the Escrow Agent harmless from and against any tax, late payment, interest, penalty
or other cost or expense that may be assessed against the Escrow Agent on or with respect to the Escrow Property and the investment
thereof unless such tax, late payment, interest, penalty or other expense was directly caused by the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Escrow Agent. The indemnification provided by this Section 1.4(c) is in addition to the indemnification provided
in Section 3.1 and shall survive the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent and the termination of this Escrow Agreement.
 
Section 1.5.	Termination. This
Escrow Agreement shall terminate on August 5, 2016, at which time the Escrow Agent is authorized and directed to disburse the Escrow
Property in accordance with Section 1.3 and this Escrow Agreement shall be of no further force and effect except that the provisions
of Sections 1.4(c), 3.1 and 3.2 hereof shall survive termination.
 
ARTICLE 2
Authority of Escrow Agent and Limitation of Liability
 
Section 2.1.	In acting hereunder, Escrow Agent shall have
only such duties as are specified herein and no implied duties shall be read into this Agreement, and Escrow Agent shall not be
liable for any act done, or omitted to be done, by it in the absence of its gross negligence or willful misconduct. Under no circumstances
will the Escrow Agent be deemed to be a fiduciary to any Party or any other person under this Escrow Agreement
 

4
 


Section 2.2.	Escrow Agent may act in reliance upon any writing
or instrument or signature which it, in good faith, believes to be genuine, and may assume the validity and accuracy of any statement
or assertion contained in such a writing or instrument and may assume that any person purporting to give any writing, notice, advice
or instruction in connection with the provisions hereof has been duly authorized to do so.
 
Section 2.3.	Escrow Agent shall be entitled
to consult with legal counsel in the event that a question or dispute arises with regard to the construction of any of the provisions
hereof, and shall incur no liability and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel.
 
Section 2.4.	Escrow Agent shall not be required to use its
own funds in the performance of any of its obligations or duties or the exercise of any of its rights or powers, and shall not
be required to take any action which, in Escrow Agent's sole and absolute judgment, could involve it in expense or liability unless
furnished with security and indemnity which it deems, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be satisfactory.
 
Section 2.5.	In the event Escrow Agent receives conflicting
instructions hereunder, Escrow Agent shall be fully protected in refraining from acting until such conflict is resolved to the
satisfaction of Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent may resign as Escrow Agent, and, upon its resignation, shall thereupon be discharged
from any and all further duties and obligations under this Agreement by giving notice in writing of such resignation to Company,
which notice shall specify a date upon which such resignation shall take effect. Upon the resignation of Escrow Agent, Acquiror
and NFP shall jointly, within thirty (30) business days after receiving the foregoing notice from Escrow Agent, designate a substitute
Escrow Agent (the "Substitute Escrow Agent"), which Substitute Escrow Agent shall, upon its designation and notice of
such designation to Escrow Agent, succeed to all of the rights, duties and obligations of Escrow Agent hereunder. In the event
Acquiror and NFP shall not have delivered to Escrow Agent a joint written designation of Substitute Escrow Agent within the aforementioned
thirty (30) day period, together with the consent to such designation by the Substitute Escrow Agent, the Escrow Agent may apply
to a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a Substitute Escrow Agent, and the costs of obtaining such appointment shall be
reimbursable from Acquiror and NFP and from the Escrow Account.

ARTICLE 3
PROVISIONS CONCERNING THE ESCROW AGENT

Section 3.1.	Indemnification. The Parties hereby agree, jointly and severally, to indemnify Escrow Agent, its directors,
officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless
from any and against all liabilities, losses, actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity, and any other expenses, fees or
charges of any character or nature, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and expenses, which an Indemnified
Party may incur or with which it may be threatened by reason of acting as or on behalf of Escrow Agent under this Agreement or
arising out of the existence of the Escrow Account, except to the extent the same shall be caused by an Indemnified Party's gross
negligence or willful misconduct. Escrow Agent shall have a first lien against the Escrow Account to secure the obligations of
the parties hereunder. The terms of this paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section
3.1 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent and the termination of this Escrow Agreement. 


5
 


Section 3.2.	Limitation of Liability. the escrow agent SHALL NOT be liable, directly
or indirectly, for any (i) damages, Losses or expenses arising out of the services provided hereunder, other than damages, losses
or expenses which have been finally adjudicated to have DIRECTLY resulted from the escrow agent’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct, or (ii) special, Indirect or consequential damages or LOSSES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST
PROFITS), even if the escrow agent has been advised of the possibility of such LOSSES OR damages AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
ACTION.
 
Section 3.3.	Compensation.
The Parties shall pay to Escrow Agent compensation for its services hereunder. In the event Escrow Agent renders any extraordinary
services in connection with the Escrow account at the request of the parties, Escrow Agent shall be entitled to additional compensation
therefore. Each Party shall be responsible for fifty percent (50%) of any compensation or additional compensation payable to Escrow
Agent hereunder. Escrow Agent shall have a first lien against the Escrow Account to secure the obligations of Company hereunder.
The terms of this paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
The Escrow Agent shall have, and is hereby granted, a prior lien upon the Escrow Property with respect to its unpaid fees,
non-reimbursed expenses and unsatisfied indemnification rights, superior to the interests of any other persons or entities and
is hereby granted the right to set off and deduct any unpaid fees, non-reimbursed expenses and unsatisfied indemnification rights
from the Escrow Property. The terms of this paragraph shall survive termination of this Agreement.
 
Section
3.4.	Merger or Consolidation. Any corporation or association into which the Escrow Agent may be converted or merged,
or with which it may be consolidated, or to which it may sell or transfer all or substantially all of its corporate trust business
and assets as a whole or substantially as a whole, or any corporation or association resulting from any such conversion, sale,
merger, consolidation or transfer to which the Escrow Agent is a party, shall be and become the successor escrow agent under this
Escrow Agreement and shall have and succeed to the rights, powers, duties, immunities and privileges as its predecessor, without
the execution or filing of any instrument or paper or the performance of any further act.
 
Section 3.5.	Attachment of Escrow
Property; Compliance with Legal Orders. In the event that any Escrow Property shall be attached, garnished or levied upon by
any court order, or the delivery thereof shall be stayed or enjoined by an order of a court, or any order, judgment or decree shall
be made or entered by any court order affecting the Escrow Property, the Escrow Agent is hereby expressly authorized, in its sole
discretion, to respond as it deems appropriate or to comply with all writs, orders or decrees so entered or issued, or which it
is advised by legal counsel of its own choosing is binding upon it, whether with or without jurisdiction. In the event that the
Escrow Agent obeys or complies with any such writ, order or decree it shall not be liable to any of the Parties or to any other
person, firm or corporation, should, by reason of such compliance notwithstanding, such writ, order or decree be subsequently reversed,
modified, annulled, set aside or vacated.
 

6
 


ARTICLE 4
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 4.1.	Successors and Assigns. This Escrow Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties
and the Escrow Agent and their respective successors and permitted assigns. No other persons shall have any rights under this Escrow
Agreement.  No assignment of the interest of any of the Parties shall be binding unless and until written notice of such
assignment shall be delivered to the other Party and the Escrow Agent and shall require the prior written consent of the other Party
and the Escrow Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); provided, however, that no such consent shall be required
for an assignment by NFP to its members.
 
Section 4.2.	Escheat. The Parties
are aware that under applicable state law, property which is presumed abandoned may under certain circumstances escheat to the
applicable state. The Escrow Agent shall have no liability to the Parties, their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors
and assigns, or any other party, should any or all of the Escrow Property escheat by operation of law.

Section 4.3.	Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications required under this Escrow Agreement shall
be in writing, in English, and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered (i) personally, (ii) by facsimile transmission
with written confirmation of receipt, (iii) by overnight delivery with a reputable national overnight delivery service, or (iv)
by mail or by certified mail, return receipt requested, and postage prepaid. If any notice is mailed, it shall be deemed given
five business days after the date such notice is deposited in the United States mail. Any notice given shall be deemed given upon
the actual date of such delivery. If notice is given to a party, it shall be given at the address for such party set forth below.
It shall be the responsibility of the Parties to notify the Escrow Agent and the other Party in writing of any name or address
changes. In the case of communications delivered to the Escrow Agent, such communications shall be deemed to have been given on
the date received by the Escrow Agent.
 
If to Novalere Holdings,
LLC:
151 Tremont Street,
Penthouse
Boston, MA 02111
 
If to Acquiror:
9171 Towne Centre Drive
San Diego, CA 92122
Attention: Bassam Damaj, CEO
Telephone: 858-964-5123	
Facsimile:	 858-249-7879
 

7
 


 
If to the Escrow Agent:
 
Wilmington Trust, National Association
50 South Sixth Street,
Suite 1290
Minneapolis, MN 55402
Attn: Aaron Soper
Telephone: (612) 217-5639	
Facsimile: (612) 217-5651	
 
Section 4.4.	Governing Law. This
Escrow Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, except for its conflicts
of law provisions.
 
Section 4.5.	Entire Agreement.
This Escrow Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties related to the Escrow Property.
 
Section 4.6.	Amendment. This
Escrow Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, rescinded, or canceled only by a written instrument executed by the Parties
and the Escrow Agent.
 
Section 4.7.	Waivers. The failure
of any party to this Escrow Agreement at any time or times to require performance of any provision under this Escrow Agreement
shall in no manner affect the right at a later time to enforce the same performance. A waiver by any party to this Escrow Agreement
of any such condition or breach of any term, covenant, representation, or warranty contained in this Escrow Agreement, in any one
or more instances, shall neither be construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach nor a waiver of
any other condition or breach of any other term, covenant, representation, or warranty contained in this Escrow Agreement.
 
Section 4.8.	Headings. Section
headings of this Escrow Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall in no way restrict or otherwise
modify any of the terms or provisions of this Escrow Agreement.
 
Section 4.9.	Counterparts. This
Escrow Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, and
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument.
 



[The remainder of this page left intentionally
blank.] 
 


8
 


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
this Escrow Agreement has been duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 


 
INNOVUS
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
 
By:
/s/ Bassam Damaj
Name:
Bassam Damaj
Title:
President and CEO	
 





NOVALERE
HOLDINGS, LLC
 
By:
/s/ Valerie Friedman
Name:
 Valerie Friedman
Title:
Manager	 

 
WILMINGTON
TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Escrow Agent
 
By:
/s/ Andrew Wassing
Name:
Andrew Wassing
Its:
Vice President


 
 

9





Serious News for Serious Traders!  Try StreetInsider.com Premium Free!

You May Also Be Interested In

Innovus Pharma Expands Exclusive License and Distribution Agreement with Densmore for Zestra® to Singapore and Vietnam
Innovus Pharma Announces Combined Launch of Apeaz™ Cream for Arthritis Pain Relief, and ArthriVarx™, a Supplement Designed to Maximize and Support Joint Health
Innovus Pharma’s Partner Luminarie Receives Approval for Zestra® for Female Sexual Arousal Disorder as a Medical Device I from Australia’s Therapeutic Goods Administration


























Create E-mail Alert
	Related Categories
	
SEC Filings 

Related Entities
13D 




Login with Facebook


Add Your Comment

Name


Subject

Body


Share on Facebook



Verification

can't see the text? click here to refresh the image.
what's this?




Sign up for StreetInsider Free!
Receive full access to all new and archived articles, unlimited portfolio tracking, e-mail alerts, custom newswires and RSS feeds - and more!









 























 Free News FeedGet our RSS Feed!


© Copyright 2017 StreetInsider.com



Home
Member's Home
Premium Content


Links
Entities
About StreetInsider
Get Our Content


Advertise with Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy





















Novalere Holdings, LLC  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Novalere Holdings, LLC 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorNovalere Holdings, LLC 
Current Positions1


Novalere Holdings, LLC  has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Novalere Holdings, LLC 's top industries are
            
                "Chemicals And Allied Products" (sic 28)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Novalere Holdings, LLC  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2016‑12‑05
SC 13D/A
INNV / Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

*
25,617,592
25,617,592
0.00















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership



























10-K: INNOVUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,711
+97.58
+0.45%






Nasdaq

6,423
+10.57
+0.16%






S&P 500

2,478
+0.70
+0.03%









8:38 A.M. ET


                                  Volkswagen profit rises as emissions effect wanes
                                





 
8:37 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
                                





 
8:37 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times sees Q3 subscription revenue to increase in line with Q2 rate
                                





 
8:37 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times sees Q3 ad revenue down mid- to high-single digits percentage range
                                





 
8:36 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 print advertising revenue down 10.5%; digital ad revenue up 22.5%
                                





 
8:35 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 subscriber revenue up 13.9%, advertising revenue up 0.8%
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 digital-only subscriber additions 93,000, up 69% from a year ago
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


Updated
      Boeing bonanza: Durable-goods orders soar 6.5% in June
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  Wasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 revenue $407.1 mln vs. $372.6 mln; FactSet consensus $393.1 mln
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 adj. EPS 18 cents; FactSet consensus 13 cents
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  August gold rises 1.1% at $1,263.30/oz.
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  New York Times Q2 EPS 9 cents vs. breakeven a year ago
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  Gold adds to sharp early gain after reports on jobless-claims, durable-goods, trade
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  Pinnacle Foods shares fall after sales miss
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  ICE Dollar index unchanged at 93.705
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Euro at $1.1696; Dollar at ¥111.3660
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. dollar unchanged after durable-goods, jobless claims
                                





 
8:30 A.M. ET


                                  Treasury yields tick higher after durable goods, jobless claims
                                





 
8:30 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. stock-index futures hold gains after jobless claims data
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

U.S. weekly unemployment-benefits claims rise









 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: INNOVUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Mar 30, 2016 6:23 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  The following information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.  Overview  We are an emerging pharmaceutical company engaged in the commercialization, licensing and development of safe and effective non-prescription medicine and consumer care products to improve men's and women's health and vitality and respiratory diseases. We provide innovative and uniquely presented and packaged health solutions through our over-the-counter, ("OTC") medicines and consumer and health products, which we market directly or through commercial partners to primary care physicians, urologists, gynecologists and therapists and directly to consumers through on-line channels, retailers and wholesalers. Our business model leverages our ability to acquire and in-license commercial products that are supported by scientific and or clinical evidence, place them through our existing supply chain, retail and on-line channels to tap new markets and drive demand for such products and to establish physician relationships. We currently market five products in the United States and signed commercial agreements in 60 countries around the world through our commercial partners.  -21- Table of Contents  The Company has five products in the United States and six in multiple countries around the world through our commercial partners: (1) Zestra(R), a non-medicated, patented consumer care product that has been clinically proven to increase desire, arousal and satisfaction in women; (2) EjectDelay(R), an over-the-counter monograph-compliant benzocaine-based topical gel for treating premature ejaculation; (3) Sensum+(R), a non-medicated consumer care cream that increases penile sensitivity (ex-US); (4) Zestra Glide(R), a clinically-tested, high viscosity and low osmolality water-based lubricant, (5) Vesele(R), a proprietary and novel oral dietary supplement to maximize nitric oxide beneficial effects on sexual functions and brain health. Vesele(R) contains a patented formulation of L-Arginine and L-Citrulline in combination with the natural absorption enhancer Bioperine(R) and (6) Androferti(R) (in the US and Canada) to support overall male reproductive health and sperm quality. In addition the Company has a pipeline of three additional products including FlutiCare(TM) OTC for Allergic Rhinitis, if its ANDA is approved by the U.S. FDA, Urocis(R) XR, a proprietary extended release of Vaccinium Marcocarpon (cranberry) shown to provide 24 hour coverage in the body to increase compliance of the use of the product to get full benefit, and AndroVit(R), a proprietary supplement to support overall prostate and male sexual health currently marketed in Europe. AndroVit(R) was specifically formulated with ingredients known to support the normal prostate health and vitality and male sexual health.  Our Strategy  Our corporate strategy focuses on two primary objectives:  1. Developing a diversified product portfolio of exclusive, unique and patented non-prescription pharmaceutical and consumer health products through: (a) the acquisition of products or obtaining exclusive rights to market such products and (b) the introduction of line extensions and reformulations of currently marketed products and  2. Building an innovative, global sales and marketing model through commercial partnerships with established complimentary partners that: (a) generates revenue and (b) requires a lower cost structure compared to traditional pharmaceutical companies.  We believe that our proven ability to market, license, acquire and develop brand name non-prescription pharmaceutical and consumer health products uniquely positions us to commercialize our products and grow in this market in a differentiated way.  Business Combinations  The following transactions are critical to understanding our business and financial statements.  Acquisition of Novalere  On February 5, 2015 (the "Closing Date"), the Company, Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Innovus ("Merger Subsidiary I"), Innovus Pharma Acquisition Corporation II, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("Merger Subsidiary II"), Novalere FP, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Novalere FP") and Novalere Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Novalere Holdings"), as representative of the shareholders of Novalere (the "Novalere Stockholders"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary I merged into Novalere and then Novalere merged with and into Merger Subsidiary II (the "Merger"), with Merger Subsidiary II surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the articles of merger effectuating the Merger, Merger Subsidiary II changed its name to Novalere, Inc.  With the Merger, Innovus acquired the worldwide rights to market and sell the Fluticare(TM) brand (Fluticasone propionate nasal spray) and the related manufacturing agreement from Novalere FP. Innovus currently anticipates that the ANDA filed in November 2014 by the manufacturer with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") may be approved in the first half of 2016, which, when and if approved, may allow the Company to market and sell Fluticare(TM) over the counter. An ANDA is an application for a U.S. generic drug approval for an existing licensed medication or approved drug.  -22- Table of Contents  Acquisition of Assets of Beyond Human  On February 8, 2016 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ("APA"), pursuant to which Innovus agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets of Beyond Human (the "Acquisition") for a total cash payment of $630,000 (the "Purchase Price"). The Purchase Price was paid in the following manner: (1) $300,000 in cash at the closing of the Acquisition (the " Initial Payment "),  Signing of Secured Loan Agreements and Closing of Financing  On February 24, 2016, the Company and SBI Investments, LLC, 2014-1 ("SBI") entered into a Closing Statement in which SBI loaned Innovus gross proceeds of $550,000 pursuant to a Purchase Agreement, 20% Secured Promissory Note and Security Agreement ("Note"), all dated February 19, 2016 (collectively, the "Finance Agreements"), to purchase substantially all of the assets of Beyond Human, LLC, a Texas limited liability company ("Beyond Human"). Of the $550,000 gross proceeds, $300,000 was paid into an escrow account held by a third party bank to be released to Beyond Human upon closing of the transaction, $242,500 was provided directly to Innovus for use in building the Beyond Human business and $7,500 was provided for attorneys' fees.  Pursuant to the Finance Agreements, the principal amount of the Note is $550,000 and the interest rate thereon is 20% per year. Innovus shall begin to pay principal and interest on the Note on a monthly basis beginning on March 19, 2016 for a period of 24 months and the monthly mandatory payment amount thereunder is $28,209. The monthly amount shall be paid by Innovus through a deposit amount control agreement with a third party bank in which SBI shall be permitted to take the monthly mandatory payment amount from all revenues received by Innovus from the Beyond Human assets in the transaction. The maturity date for the Note is February 19, 2018.  The Note is secured by SBI through a first priority secured interest in all of the Beyond Human assets acquired by Innovus in the transaction including all revenue received by Innovus from these assets.  Results of Operations  Fiscal year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Fiscal year Ended December 31, 2014  Revenues  We recognized net revenues of $735,717 for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $1,030,113 for the year ended December 31, 2014. Revenue was generated from the acquisition of and subsequent launch of our commercial products in the U.S., as well as the launch of our products with four of our international commercial partners. The 2014 revenues included $375,000 in upfront fees related to the licensing agreements with Ovation Pharma, Orimed Pharma, and Sothema.  Cost of Product Sales  We recorded cost of product sales of $340,713 for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $292,080 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The cost of product sales includes the cost of inventory, shipping and royalties.  Research and Development  Research and development expenses decreased to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $143,914 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease of research and development in 2015 is due to the fact that our products are commercial and on the market and do not require any further research and development.  -23- Table of Contents  General and Administrative  General and administrative expenses increased by $290,871 to $4,274,616 for the year ended December 31, 2015, from $4,378,749 for the year ended December 31, 2014. There was an increase of approximately $759,000 due to an impairment of goodwill in 2015. Otherwise, general and administrative expenses decreased by 468,557 primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation and professional fees, offset by an increase in amortization expense associated with intangible assets. Additionally, our general and administrative expenses include professional fees, investor relations, insurance premiums, public reporting costs and general corporate expenses. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase most notably in the area of compensation as we build our business and increase our sales and commercialization efforts of our products.  Other Income and Expense  We recognized interest expense of $1,153,376 and $532,230 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which includes non-cash interest expense of $1,046,785 related to the amortization of the debt discounts, deferred financing fees, debt extensions and conversions in 2015 and $443,867 in 2014. This increase was primarily due to the amortization of the debt discount and deferred financing fees related to the third quarter 2015 convertible debt financing. In 2015, certain warrants and the embedded conversion feature in the convertible debentures issued in the third quarter of 2015 were classified as derivative liabilities which were required to be recorded at fair value. In connection with the change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities during 2015, we recorded a gain of $393,509. We recognized a loss from extinguishment of debt of $406,833 in 2014 related to the re-purchase and subsequent cancellation of the Lourmarin note. Also included in other expenses in 2014 is a fair value adjustment of $103,274 for the Contingent Consideration related to the re-measurement of the royalty due to the former shareholders from the Semprae acquisition and income from the same item of $115,822 in 2015.  Income Taxes  We recognized a benefit from income taxes of $757,028 during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $0 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The benefit from income taxes during the year ended December 31, 2015 is due to the release of a portion of the deferred tax valuation allowance as a result of the Novalere acquisition.  Net Loss  We recognized net losses of $4,202,628 and $4,826,967 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Historically, we have funded losses from operations through the sale of equity and issuance of debt instruments, primarily to related parties including directors and officers. Combined with minimal revenue, these funds have provided us with the resources to operate our business, to sell and support our products, attract and retain key personnel, and add new products to our portfolio. To date, we have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations each year since our inception. Through December 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $15,434,595.  As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $56,000 in cash and cash equivalents, $1.6 million in cash available for use under the LOC Convertible Debenture and $83,097 in net accounts receivable. We have raised funds through the issuance of convertible debentures and sale of common stock. We have also utilized equity instruments where possible to pay for services from vendors and consultants. Furthermore, we have an arrangement with our Chief Executive Officer which provides for a line of credit to us and permits the deferral of salary payments as described below. Based upon these factors and arrangements we believe our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We expect that our short-term operating expenses will be substantial as we continue to sell and support our products and attract and retain key personnel.  Acquisition of Assets of Beyond Human  On February 8, 2016, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ("APA"), pursuant to which Innovus agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets of Beyond Human (the "Acquisition") for a total cash payment of $630,000 (the "Purchase Price"). The Purchase Price was paid in the following manner: (1) $300,000 in cash at the closing of the Acquisition (the " Initial Payment "),  Signing of Secured Loan Agreements and Closing of Financing  On February 24, 2016, the Company and SBI Investments, LLC, 2014-1 ("SBI") entered into a Closing Statement in which SBI loaned the Company gross proceeds of $550,000 pursuant to a Purchase Agreement, 20% Secured Promissory Note and Security Agreement ("Note"), all dated February 19, 2016 (collectively, the "Finance Agreements"), to purchase substantially all of the assets of Beyond Human, LLC, a Texas limited liability company ("Beyond Human"). Of the $550,000 gross proceeds, $300,000 was paid into an escrow account held by a third party bank to be released to Beyond Human upon closing of the transaction, $242,500 was provided directly to the Company for use in building the Beyond Human business and $7,500 was provided for attorneys' fees.  Pursuant to the Finance Agreements, the principal amount of the Note is $550,000 and the interest rate thereon is 20% per year. The Company shall begin to pay principal and interest on the Note on a monthly basis beginning on March 19, 2016 for a period of 24 months and the monthly mandatory payment amount thereunder is $28,209. The monthly amount shall be paid by the Company through a deposit amount control agreement with a third party bank in which SBI shall be permitted to take the monthly mandatory payment amount from all revenues received by the Company from the Beyond Human assets in the transaction. The maturity date for the Note is February 19, 2018.  The Note is secured by SBI through a first priority secured interest in all of the Beyond Human assets acquired by the Company in the transaction including all revenue received by the Company from these assets.  -24- Table of Contents  Significant borrowings include the following:  Line of Credit Convertible Debenture  In January 2013, the Company entered into a line of credit convertible debenture with its President and Chief Executive Officer (the "LOC Convertible Debenture"). Under the terms of its original issuance: (1) the Company could request to borrow up to a maximum principal amount of $250,000 from time to time; (2) amounts borrowed bore an annual interest rate of 8%; (3) the amounts borrowed plus accrued interest were payable in cash at the earlier of January 14, 2014 or when the Company completes a Financing and (4) the holder had sole discretion to determine whether or not to make an advance upon the Company's request.  On August 12, 2015, the principal amount that may be borrowed was increased to $2,000,000 and the automatic termination date described above was extended to October 1, 2016.  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company borrowed $114 under the LOC Convertible Debenture and we repaid $15,000. The Company recorded a BCF of $8,3214 for the year ended December 31, 2015 and, as of December 31, 2015, the Company owed $409,192 in principal amount under this Debenture and there was approximately $1.6 million remaining on the line of credit and available to use.  Third Quarter 2015 Convertible Debentures  In the third quarter of 2015, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with three (3) accredited investors (the "Buyers"), pursuant to which the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of $1,325,000 pursuant to which it sold:  Six (6) Convertible Promissory Notes of the Company. Two in the principal amount of $275,000, one for $550,000, one for $137,500, and two for $110,000 (each a "Q3 2015 Note" and collectively the "Q3 2015 Notes") (the Q3 2015 Notes were sold at a 10% OID and the Company received an aggregate total of $1,242,500 in funds thereunder after debt issuance costs of $82,500). The principal amount due under the Q3 2015 Notes is $1,457,500. The Q3 2015 Notes and accrued interest are convertible into shares of common stock of the Company (the "Common Stock") beginning six (6) months from the date of execution, at a conversion price of $0.15 per share, which can be adjusted as noted below. The maturity date of the first and second Q3 2015 Note is August 26, 2016. The third Q3 2015 Note has a maturity date of September 24, 2016 the fourth has a maturity date of September 26, 2016, the fifth is October 20, 2016 and the sixth is October 29, 2016. The Q3 2015 Notes bear interest on the unpaid principal amount at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum from the date of issuance until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default as defined in such Q3 2015 Note, a "Default Amount" equal to the sum of (i) the principal amount, together with accrued interest due thereon through the date of payment payable at the holder's option in cash or common stock and (ii) an additional amount equal to the principal amount payable at the Company's option in cash or common stock. For purposes of payments in common stock, the following conversion formula shall apply: the conversion price shall be the lower of: (i) the fixed conversion price ($0.15) or (ii) 60% multiplied by the volume weighted average price of the Company's common stock during the ten consecutive trading days immediately prior to the later of the Event of Default or the end of the applicable cure period. Certain other conversion rates apply in the event of the sale or merger of the Company, default and other defined events.  The Company may prepay the Q3 2015 Notes at any time on the terms set forth in the Q3 2015 Notes at the rate of 115% of the then outstanding balance of the Q3 2015 Notes. Under the terms of the Q3 2015 Notes, the Company shall not effect certain corporate and business actions during the term of the Q3 2015 Notes, although some may be done with proper notice. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, with certain exceptions, the Note holder has a right of participation during the term of the Q3 2015 Notes; additionally, the Company granted the Q3 2015 Note holder registration rights for the shares of common stock underlying the Q3 2015 Notes pursuant to Registration Rights Agreements.  In addition, bundled with the convertible debt, the Company sold:  1. A Common Stock Purchase Warrant to each Buyer, which allows the Buyers to purchase an aggregate of 1,320,000 shares of common stock and the placement agent to purchase 483,333 shares of common stock (aggregating 1,808,333 shares of the Company at a variable exercise price of $0.30, subject to down-round protection in case of default, and  2. 4,337,500 restricted shares of Common Stock to the Buyers.  In addition, a Registration Rights Agreement was signed and, as a result, the Company filed a Registration Statement on September 11, 2015 and filed Amended Forms S-1 on October 26, 2015, November 12, 2015 and December 10, 2015  -25- Table of Contents  Sources and Uses of Cash  The Company's operations have been financed primarily through advances from officers, directors and related parties, outside capital, revenues generated from the launch of its products and commercial partnerships signed for the sale and distribution of its products domestic and internationally. These funds have provided the Company with the resources to operate its business, sell and support its products, attract and retain key personnel and add new products to its portfolio. The Company has experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations each year since its inception. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $15,434,595 and a working capital deficiency of $2,184,892.  The Company has raised funds through the issuance of debt and the sale of common stock. The Company has also issued equity instruments in certain circumstances to pay for services from vendors and consultants. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company raised $1,505,000 in funds, which included $1,325,000 from the issuance of convertible debentures (with warrants and common stock) to three unrelated parties, $130,000 from the issuance of notes payable to two unrelated third parties and $50,000 in proceeds from the issuance of a non-convertible debt instrument to a related party. The funds raised through the issuance of the convertible debentures were used to pay off other debt instruments and accounts payable, to increase inventory and buy raw material and packaging and for operations.  In the event the Company does not pay the convertible debentures upon their maturity, or after the remedy period, the principal amount and accrued interest on the note is automatically converted to common stock at a 40% discount to the market value of common stock.  The Company's actual needs will depend on numerous factors, including timing of introducing its products to the marketplace, its ability to attract additional ex-US distributors for its products and its ability to in-license in non-partnered territories and/or develop new product candidates. The Company may also seek to raise capital, debt or equity from outside sources to pay for further expansion and development of its business and to meet current obligations. Such capital may not be available to the Company when it needs it on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all.  In addition, the Company continues to seek new licensing agreements from third-party vendors to commercialize its products in territories outside the U.S., which could result in upfront, milestone, royalty and/or other payments. The Company may also seek to raise capital, debt or equity, from outside sources to pay for further expansion and development of its business and to meet current obligations. Such capital may not be available to the Company when it needs it on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. However, the Company's actual needs will depend on numerous factors, including timing of introducing its products to the marketplace, its ability to attract additional ex-US distributors for its products and its ability to in-license in non-partnered territories and/or develop new product candidates. The Company may also seek to raise capital, debt or equity, from outside sources to pay for further expansion and development of its business and to meet current obligations. Such capital may not be available to the Company when it needs it on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all.  Critical Accounting Policies and Management Estimates  The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that are, in management's view, important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and demanding of management's judgment. Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ significantly from those estimates.  While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, we believe the following accounting policies are critical in the preparation of our financial statements:  Long-Lived Assets  The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. The Company evaluates assets for potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted net cash flows to the carrying amount of the assets. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, impairment is measured based on the difference between the carrying amount of the assets and fair value.  -26- Table of Contents  Fair Value Measurement  The Company's financial instruments are cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and debt. The recorded values of cash, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values based on their short-term nature. The Company recorded values of convertible debentures and convertible debt, net of the discount, is based upon . . .  Mar 30, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


This is the make-or-break level for stock-market bulls


The dark side of cruises


If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?















Most Popular





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





The dark side of cruises





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?





Do You Tip Your Uber Driver?




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin

U.S. weekly unemployment-benefits claims rise »
        

U.S. durable-goods orders jump in June »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:43 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:38aVolkswagen profit rises as emissions effect wanes
8:38aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
8:37aNew York Times sees Q3 subscription revenue to increase in line with Q2 rate
8:37aNew York Times sees Q3 ad revenue down mid- to high-single digits percentage range
8:36aNew York Times Q2 print advertising revenue down 10.5%; digital ad revenue up 22.5%
8:36aNew York Times Q2 subscriber revenue up 13.9%, advertising revenue up 0.8%
8:35aNew York Times Q2 digital-only subscriber additions 93,000, up 69% from a year ago
8:35aBoeing bonanza: Durable-goods orders soar 6.5% in June
8:34aNew York Times Q2 revenue $407.1 mln vs. $372.6 mln; FactSet consensus $393.1 mln
8:34aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
8:33aNew York Times Q2 adj. EPS 18 cents; FactSet consensus 13 cents
8:33aAugust gold rises 1.1% at $1,263.30/oz.
8:32aNew York Times Q2 EPS 9 cents vs. breakeven a year ago
8:32aGold adds to sharp early gain after reports on jobless-claims, durable-goods, trade
8:32aPinnacle Foods shares fall after sales miss
8:32aU.S. dollar unchanged after durable-goods, jobless claims
8:32aEuro at $1.1696; Dollar at ¥111.3660
8:32aICE Dollar index unchanged at 93.705
8:31aTreasury yields tick higher after durable goods, jobless claims
8:31aU.S. stock-index futures hold gains after jobless claims data
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Novalere Holdings is based out of Boston.    WhaleWisdom has at least 2 13D/G filings in our database for Novalere Holdings.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from NOVALERE HOLDINGS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




novalere holdings, llc


151 TREMONT ST.

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02111


              Business Phone:
              617-497-3538







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D/A filed on 12/05/2016
4 filed on 12/02/2016
SC 13D filed on 04/14/2015
3 filed on 04/14/2015











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Innovus Pharmaceuticals Inc (INNV)


      FINANCE
    

      25,617,592
    

      6,404,398.00
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2016-11-30
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















	Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INNV): novalere holdings llc is just the novalere shareholders


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Biotechs
                >
                Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INNV)




novalere holdings llc is just the novalere shareholders



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next












TrueTrades
                 
            





                Followed By
            

                125
            



                Posts
            

                4,585
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                2
            



                Alias Born
            

                04/14/14
            
















            INNV
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















INNV Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:13:38 AM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:12:24 AM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:12:24 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/20/2017 6:11:03 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/19/2017 6:05:31 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/22/2017 6:05:29 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/16/2017 6:12:08 AM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/15/2017 6:11:33 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/12/2017 4:08:50 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/9/2017 6:11:15 AM

Proxy Statement (definitive) (def 14a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/28/2017 2:03:30 PM

Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership (3) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/24/2017 6:04:55 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/14/2017 6:08:24 AM

Securities Registration: Employee Benefit Plan (s-8) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/12/2017 4:47:16 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:48:17 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:46:57 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:44:32 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/22/2017 6:06:54 AM

Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (424b4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/20/2017 6:10:07 AM

Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) (424b1) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/17/2017 3:57:15 PM

Notice of Effectiveness (effect) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/16/2017 6:02:44 AM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/15/2017 6:09:33 AM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/13/2017 6:18:46 AM

Annual Report (10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/9/2017 4:26:30 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/6/2017 4:06:41 PM












TrueTrades
                 
            

Monday, 06/19/17 01:41:42 PM




Re: 
ShawnP123                                         
 
 post# 10256






Post # 

                of
                10798 









novalere holdings llc is just the novalere shareholders that sold the fc rights to innovus  they get the shares and the royalties  yes innv is a holdings co technically though they report consolidated    Subsidiaries of the Registrant     Subsidiary     Jurisdiction of Incorporation  FasTrack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.     Delaware  Semprae Laboratories, Inc.     Delaware  Novalere, Inc.     Delaware   Read more: http://getfilings.com/sec-filings/170309/INNOVUS-PHARMACEUTICALS-INC_10-K/ex21-1.htm#ixzz4kTGIYhxk  





Don't argue with an Idiot! He'll drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.






iHub NewsWire


CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
ISODIOL INTERNATIONAL INC. ANNOUNCES UNAUDITED QUARTERLY PROFIT OF ISO INTERNATIONAL LLC(ISOL) Jul 26, 2017 10:48 AM
Kona Gold Solutions, Inc. Hemp Energy Drinks now Available at Luckys Market in Orlando Florida(KGKG) Jul 26, 2017 8:40 AM
PURA - Puration Presents Strategy For $100 Million In Revenue From Recent Grow Operation Acquisition(PURA) Jul 26, 2017 8:30 AM
Global Digital Solutions Inc (GDSI) Announces Engagement of Eventus Advisory Group, LLC to Assist GDSIs Internal Accounting T...(GDSI) Jul 26, 2017 8:30 AM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist



















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        
























 




	Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INNV): Novalere Holdings LLC and Novalere LLC are both


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Biotechs
                >
                Innovus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INNV)




Novalere Holdings LLC and Novalere LLC are both



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next












twistedfreak
                 
            





                Followed By
            

                0
            



                Posts
            

                874
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                0
            



                Alias Born
            

                09/16/05
            
















            INNV
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















INNV Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:13:38 AM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:12:24 AM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/3/2017 6:12:24 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/20/2017 6:11:03 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/19/2017 6:05:31 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/22/2017 6:05:29 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/16/2017 6:12:08 AM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/15/2017 6:11:33 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/12/2017 4:08:50 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/9/2017 6:11:15 AM

Proxy Statement (definitive) (def 14a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/28/2017 2:03:30 PM

Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership (3) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/24/2017 6:04:55 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/14/2017 6:08:24 AM

Securities Registration: Employee Benefit Plan (s-8) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/12/2017 4:47:16 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:48:17 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:46:57 PM

Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/3/2017 1:44:32 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/22/2017 6:06:54 AM

Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (424b4) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/20/2017 6:10:07 AM

Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) (424b1) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/17/2017 3:57:15 PM

Notice of Effectiveness (effect) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/16/2017 6:02:44 AM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/15/2017 6:09:33 AM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/13/2017 6:18:46 AM

Annual Report (10-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/9/2017 4:26:30 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/6/2017 4:06:41 PM












twistedfreak
                 
            

Thursday, 07/06/17 02:44:53 PM




Re: 
twistedfreak                                      
 
 post# 10519






Post # 

                of
                10798 









Novalere Holdings LLC and Novalere LLC are both wholly owned subsidiaries of INNV. The 25 million+ shares went from INNV to INNV.  The shares are here. Now they're there. No, they're back here again. I wonder if Damaj will spin off Novalere to himself like he did with Bio-Quant while CEO of APRI. They own it. No, he owns it. No, wait a minute, they sold it to him but they and him are the same. My head hurts.  









iHub NewsWire


CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
ISODIOL INTERNATIONAL INC. ANNOUNCES UNAUDITED QUARTERLY PROFIT OF ISO INTERNATIONAL LLC(ISOL) Jul 26, 2017 10:48 AM
Kona Gold Solutions, Inc. Hemp Energy Drinks now Available at Luckys Market in Orlando Florida(KGKG) Jul 26, 2017 8:40 AM
PURA - Puration Presents Strategy For $100 Million In Revenue From Recent Grow Operation Acquisition(PURA) Jul 26, 2017 8:30 AM
Global Digital Solutions Inc (GDSI) Announces Engagement of Eventus Advisory Group, LLC to Assist GDSIs Internal Accounting T...(GDSI) Jul 26, 2017 8:30 AM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist



















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB9
        
























 




Novalere Holdings, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:43 AM ET

Company Overview of Novalere Holdings, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Novalere Holdings, LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Novalere Holdings, LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Novalere Holdings, LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Novalere Holdings, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























