

RODGER P NOVAK - WAKEMAN, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



WAKEMAN



Local Trucking, Without Storage



Truck Rental With Drivers



                            RODGER P NOVAK
                                    



 





















R 


RODGER P NOVAK
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



18551 GORE ORPHANAGE RD WAKEMAN, OH 44889
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $70,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Truck Rental With Drivers
 Contacts RODGER P NOVAK







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $70,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















CRISPR

















































CRISPR Management Team | About Us | CRISPR







Please enable JS










































   








About Us


ABOUT US/MANAGEMENT TEAM






MANAGEMENT TEAM
CRISPR Therapeutics is led by a seasoned management team focused on translating CRISPR/Cas9 technology into transformative gene-based medicines for patients with serious diseases. We are working in parallel with our world-class group of scientific founders and advisors, who have extensive experience in gene editing, stem cell biology, advanced drug delivery technologies, RNAi and gene silencing. 


DR. RODGER NOVAKChief Executive Officer and Founder




Dr. Rodger Novak co-founded CRISPR Therapeutics together with Emmanuelle Charpentier and Shaun Foy. He is an experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive and former University Professor at the Vienna Biocenter in Austria. He brings a combination of scientific experience, gained through his academic career, and a proven track record of successfully translating technologies into pharmaceutical products.
In his most recent position, Rodger was Global Head, Anti-Infectives Research & Development at Sanofi, where he was responsible for small molecule and biologics R&D, including early drug discovery and clinical development. Before that he was a founder of Nabriva Therapeutics and served as its Chief Operating Officer for almost six years. He started his pharmceutical career at Sandoz (Novartis), where he was appointed as the deputy Head of the Antibiotic Research Institute.
Rodger received his M.D. from the Philipps University in Marburg, Germany in 1993 and his foreign medical license for the U.S. in 1994. He was a postdoctoral fellow at The Rockefeller University, St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and the Skirball Institute NYU Medical Center. During his academic career Rodger authored numerous publications, among them articles in Nature, Nature Medicine and Molecular Cell. Rodger is co-inventor of five patents.



DR. SAMARTH KULKARNIPresident and Chief Business Officer




Dr. Samarth Kulkarni has significant expertise in strategy and operations in biotech and a wide range of related cutting-edge therapeutic technologies. He was previously a Partner at McKinsey and Company, where he had a leading role in the Pharmaceutical and Medical products practice. While at McKinsey, Sam co-led the biotech practice and served a number of biotechnology companies on topics ranging from strategy to operations. Additionally, he led initiatives in areas such as personalized medicine and immunotherapy, where he co-authored several publications.
Sam received his Ph.D. in bioengineering and nanotechnology from the University of Washington and a B. Tech. from the Indian Institute of Technology. While at the University of Washington, he conducted research in the delivery of biological drugs and in the field of molecular diagnostics, and published in numerous leading journals.



DR. SVEN ANTE (BILL) LUNDBERGChief Scientific Officer




Dr. Bill Lundberg has extensive experience across all aspects and phases of drug development in both academic and industry settings. He was previously Vice President and Head of Translational Medicine at Alexion Pharmaceuticals, where he was responsible for all R&D from discovery to clinical proof-of-concept. Before that, Bill held senior positions at Taligen Therapeutics, Antisoma, Xanthus (acquired by Antisoma), Wyeth (now Pfizer) and Genzyme, overseeing the development of diverse portfolios.
Bill received his B.S. in biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), M.D. from Stanford Medical School and M.B.A. from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. As a post-doctoral fellow he studied at the Whitehead Institute at MIT, and trained in internal medicine and oncology at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.



MARC BECKERChief Financial Officer




Marc Becker has more than 20 years of experience in commercial, operational and corporate finance and a deep understanding of the global biopharmaceutical industry. He was previously Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of rEVO Biologics, where he led the finance team in anticipation of raising private and public capital, outlined the market opportunity for the Company and managed its governance and SEC Compliance through S-1 filing and IPO road show.
Before that, Marc spent 10 years at Genzyme, most recently serving as Finance Director for the UK and Ireland before returning to the United States to become the Vice President of Finance for the Renal and Endocrine business. He held global P&L responsibility with multiple product lines, large scale, and reimbursement complexity.  
Marc started his career in auditing and commercial lending for financial services firms, KPMG and BankBoston, and holds a BS from the University of Massachusetts, an MBA from Babson College and was licensed as a CPA.

DR. TYLER DYLAN-HYDEChief Legal Officer




Dr. Tyler Dylan-Hyde has more than two decades of experience both in law firms and in-house for privately-held and public companies developing gene-based therapeutics and other technologies.
Tyler was a Partner at Morrison & Foerster LLP, specializing in the development and defense of global IP portfolios, licensing and corporate transactions. As in-house general counsel, he helped lead Collateral Therapeutics, which had an IPO on NASDAQ and was later acquired by Schering AG (now Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals), InnerCool Therapies, which was advanced through FDA clearance and acquired by Philips Healthcare, and Cardium Therapeutics, which developed a portfolio of companies, some acquired and others currently in partnership.
Tyler received his B.Sc. in cell, molecular and developmental biology from McGill University, Montreal, Canada, his Ph.D. in biology from the University of California, San Diego, and his J.D. from the University of California, Berkley (Boalt Hall School of Law). He is a co-inventor of several patent applications and a co-author of a number of scientific publications.
 



JIM KASINGERGeneral Counsel and Secretary to the Board of Directors




Jim Kasinger has nearly 20 years of experience advising and counseling private and public companies in the biotechnology and technology sectors.  Prior to joining the company, Jim was the General Counsel and Secretary of Moderna Therapeutics, a Cambridge-based biotechnology company, where, among other things, he helped lead two equity financings (raising nearly $1 billion) and several collaborations including with AZ, Merck and Vertex.  Before that, Jim was the General Counsel at PlumChoice, Inc., a provider of technical support services to Fortune 1000 companies.  Before going in-house, Jim was a partner in the Business Practice Group at the global law firm, Goodwin Procter LLP, where he represented life sciences, technology and other high-growth companies in all stages of their life cycles, from formation, to obtaining seed and growth financings, to initial public offering, merger or sale.  Jim started his legal career as an associate at Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault.

Jim received his J.D. from Boston College Law School, graduating cum laude, and a B.A. from Wheaton College, graduating magna cum laude.

 



DR. KALA SUBRAMANIANSenior Vice President, Strategic Development and Operations




Dr. Kala Subramanian has extensive experience in Strategic Planning, Portfolio and Program management across early and late stage development in Oncology and other therapeutic areas.  In her most recent position, Kala was Vice President and Global Head of Strategic Development & Program Management at Novartis Pharmaceuticals (Oncology), where she was responsible for program and portfolio management, strategic planning, resource allocation and management of budget.  She was also responsible for the integration of GSK Oncology into Novartis including full alignment of the portfolio, organization & people.  Before that, Kala was in program management at Millennium and a senior consultant at Accenture.Kala received her PhD in Physical Chemistry from Cornell University and was a post-doctoral fellow at Duke University Medical Center.


DR. CHAD COWANScientific Founder and Head of Research




Dr. Chad Cowan is an Associate Professor at Harvard University in the Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology, and at Massachusetts General Hospital, with appointments in the Center for Regenerative Medicine, the Cardiovascular Research Center and the Center for Human Genetics Research. He is an associate member of the Broad Institute and a principal faculty member of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute, where he directs the Diabetes Disease Program and the iPS Cell Core Facility.
Chad has led or been a member of several large efforts to use stem cells to better understand disease, including the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute’s Next Gen iPS Cell Project and the Progenitor Cell Biology Consortium. More recently, Chad has focused on using gene editing tools as therapeutics.
Chad received his B.A. and B.S., with honors, from the University of Kansas. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Texas Southwestern at Dallas, garnering the Nominata award for most outstanding thesis. He subsequently completed a Damon Runyon fellowship with Professor Douglas Melton at Harvard University. He was named a Stowers Medical Investigator in 2006 and has been a faculty member at Harvard University since 2008.


MEGAN WHERRY MENNERSenior Vice President, Human Resources




Megan Wherry Menner has extensive HR experience in the pharmaceutical, biotech and life sciences industries. She was previously with Merck KGaA for eight years, most recently as Vice President and Head of HR for the global €4.6B Merck Millipore Life Science business. In this role, Megan was responsible for HR strategy, business partnership and all HR functions aligned to the Life Science business, including the people and organization integration of the Sigma-Aldrich acquisition. Also at Merck KGaA, Megan served as VP and Head of HR International where she had responsibility for all HR team members in 60+ countries as well as VP and Head of HR for EMD Serono, where she led all HR functions for the $1.2B US Pharma business.
Before that, Megan spent five years at Novartis through a period of rapid growth, most recently serving as Head of Talent and Culture Development for the entire Research organization globally, and held several senior HR business partner roles in the US and in the UK.  Megan also worked in Leadership Development at Amgen and HR Business Partnership at Bristol-Myers Squibb and earlier in her career in Talent Acquisition at a software start-up company as an outgrowth of MIT Sloan Business School that was acquired by Lucent Technologies.
Megan earned both her Bachelor’s degree in Psychology and Economics and her Master’s degree in Human Resources and Organizational Behavior from Cornell University.


DR. JON TERRETTHead of Immuno-Oncology Research and Translation




Dr. Jon Terrett has an extensive track record for discovering and progressing immuno-oncology drug candidates into the clinic.  Prior to joining CRISPR Therapeutics, Jon was the Vice President of oncology discovery for CytomX, a U.S.-based biotechnology company focused on developing drugs to treat different types of cancer. In addition, Jon has held various R&D leadership roles in biopharma, including serving as the Chief Scientific Officer at Oxford Biotherapeutics, and as a director at various biotechnology companies including Medarex, CellTech and Oxford Glycosciences.
Jon received a B.S. in genetics at the University of Sheffield and a doctorate in genetics at the University of Nottingham. 









  





























    Rodger Novak | Crispr Therapeutics Ag | ZoomInfo.com 






Rodger Novak, Chief Executive Officer and Founder, Crispr Therapeutics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Rodger Novak



Chief Executive Officer and Founder
at
Crispr Therapeutics


Location: France





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Rodger Novak



Chief Executive Officer and Founder
at
Crispr Therapeutics


Location: France




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Dr Rodger Novak is an experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive and former university professor at the Vienna Biocenter in Austria. He brings a combination of scientific experience, gained through his academic career, and a proven track record of successfully translating technologies into pharmaceutical products.
In his most recent position, Rodger was global head anti-infectives R&D at Sanofi, where he was responsible for small molecule and biologics R&D, including early drug discovery and clinical development. Before that he was a founder of Nabriva Therapeutics and served as its chief operating officer for almost six years.
Rodger received his MD from the Philipps University in Marburg, Germany in 1993 and his foreign medical license for the US in 1994. He was a postdoctoral fellow at The Rockefeller University, St Jude Children’s Research Hospital and the Skirball Institute NYU Medical Center. During his academic career Rodger authored numerous publications, among them articles in Nature, Nature Medicine and Molecular Cell. Rodger is co-inventor of five patents.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Pharmaceuticals




Tags
Infectious Diseases, Clinical Development, Drug Development




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Rodger NovakCareer (5)






Nov-2013




Crispr Therapeutics



Chief Executive Officer and Founder







May-2012 to Nov-2013




Sanofi



VP Head TSU Infectious Diseases Global R&D







Jan-2006 to May-2012




Nabriva Therapeutics



Founder and Chief Operating Officer







Mar-2003 to Dec-2005




Sandoz



Deputy Head Antibiotic Research Institute







Jan-2000 to Apr-2003




Vienna Biocenter



University Professor








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Rodger NovakEducation






1993



Philipps University in Marburg, Germany












 Edit



Rodger NovakAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Rodger Novak






 Edit



Rodger NovakLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Rodger Novak









Rodger NovakInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Rodger Novak









Rodger NovakInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Rodger Novak








Rodger NovakRelated People








Colleagues at Crispr Therapeutics







Marc Becker

CFO
Feb-2016









Samarth Kulkarni

Chief Business Officer
Aug-2015









Michael  Bruce

SVP Program Portfolio and Alliance Management
Jul-2015









Jonathan Jones

VP New Business Opportunities
May-2014








View all 
Peers (66)







Brad Brooks

Co-Founder, Executive Chairman of Whisper









Jared Heyman

Founder and CEO of CrowdMed









Zoe Barry

Founder & CEO of ZappRx









Joshua Resnick

Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ataxion









Mary Page Platerink

CEO / Founder of First Aid Shot Therapy









KAREN  AIACH

Industry Member in the Executive Committee of IRDiRC












View all 



Rodger NovakRecommended Market Profiles (2)








Healthcare Venture Deals

5,000 - 10,000 employees
123 companies








Healthcare/Biotech IPO (2016)

10,000 or More employees
43 companies




















Rodger Novak M.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:42 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of CRISPR Therapeutics AG



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Rodger   Novak M.D.Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director, CRISPR Therapeutics AGAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships50$6,357,880As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. Rodger Novak, MD,  Founded CRISPR Therapeutics AG in November 2013 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Novak served as the Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Nabriva Therapeutics AG (formerly Nabriva Therapeutics Forschungs GmbH) since January 2006. He was a Co-founder of Nabriva Therapeutics AG. He is an experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive with more than 15 years experience in clinical, academic and pharmaceutical infectious ... diseases gained in Germany, USA and Austria. He was global head anti-infectives R&D at Sanofi, where he was responsible for small molecule and biologics R&D, including early drug discovery and clinical development. He has been  a Director of CRISPR Therapeutics AG since October 2013. He served as a Associate Professor at the University of Vienna since 2001. As Head of Scientific and Medical Affairs and Deputy Head of the Antibiotic Research Institute (ABRI), a unit of Sandoz GmbH, he built-up the development organization directing 40 research and development staff at the Vienna site. During his academic career he authored numerous publications, among them articles in Nature, Nature Medicine and Molecular Cell. He was a postdoctoral fellow at The Rockefeller University, St Jude Children’s Research Hospital and the Skirball Institute NYU Medical Center. Dr. Novak received his MD from the Philipps University in Marburg, Germany in 1993 and his foreign medical license for the US in 1994.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Aeschenvorstadt 36Basel, Basel-Stadt 4051SwitzerlandPhone: 41 61 228 7800Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentCo-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and DirectorCRISPR Therapeutics AG
Education
Post-Doctoral Training Rockefeller UniversityPost-Doctoral Training NYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical CenterMD 1993Philipps-Universität Marburg
Other Affiliations
Rockefeller UniversityNYU Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical CenterPhilipps-Universität MarburgNabriva Therapeutics plc


Annual Compensation
Salary$436,888Total Annual Compensation$436,888
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$3,674,722All Other Compensation$38,930Exercisable Options$191,227Exercisable Options Value$3,368,614Unexercisable Options$276,866Unexercisable Options Value$2,818,978Total Value of Options$6,187,592Total Number of Options$468,093
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$711,758Total Short Term Compensation$436,888Other Long Term Compensation$3,713,652Total Calculated Compensation$6,357,880




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationAlexander D. Macrae M.B., Ch.B, Ph.D., MRCPCEO, President & DirectorSangamo Therapeutics, Inc.$697.0KKatrine S. Bosley Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorEditas Medicine, Inc.$450.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CRISPR Therapeutics AG, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























 Novak Bros. & Gieber Auctioneers - Real Estate & Auctions - Machinery,
antiques, household & general farm sales. 









.



Updated 
      7/5/17
Novak Bros. 
      & Gieber 
Auctioneers
 and
Roger Novak - 
      Real Estate






            Real Estate








            Machinery






            Antiques






            Household






            General Farm Sales
 



 
 

   


Click on the 
      buttons for real estate listings, businesses for sale,
      Acreages for sale, Ag land for sale, & upcoming scheduled auctions.
 


 
Novak
        Bros. & Gieber Auctioneers have been in the auctioneering business since 1981.  We conduct all types of auctions including machinery, antiques, household, and general
        farm sales.  Roger Novak has been in the real estate business since 1982 and provides
        real estate sales at auction or private treaty.  For all of your auction needs, give
        Roger, Les or Butch a call.


 

 


        Roger Novak
1325 18th Street
Belleville, KS 66935
Office: 785-527-2626
Home: 785-778-2744
Auctioneer & Real Estate Broker
Email: 

Roger Novak

        Les Novak
P.O. Box 68
Munden, KS  66959
Home: 785-987-5588
Auctioneer
Email: 

Les Novak

        Butch Gieber
P.O. Box 84
Cuba, KS  66940
Home: 785-729-3831
Auctioneer
Email: Butch Gieber
 




    Created & maintained by:
WebRageous Design
Copyright� 2002 by WebRageous Design
    All Rights Reserved










Why Novak Djokovic following Roger Federer's blueprint will produce different results - Metro - Novak Djokovic news - NewsLocker





































                        NewsSportRegionMusicPersonProfession














						Do you want to stay up to date of all the news about Novak Djokovic? Subscribe to the mailing list and get a daily update with the most important news about Novak Djokovic!					
  Subscribe
The email address seems invalid, please check the address..
No thanks, just show me the news



 Please wait..					



						Registration successful!					










&cross; Close categories  General Motors   Ice Bucket Challenge Animals Apple Apps & Smartphones Artificial Intelligence Arts AT&T Inc. Bank of America Berkshire Hathaway Business Cardinal Health Inc Cars Celebrity Chevron Corporation Child Care Christian News Christian Videos Chrysler Group Citigroup ConocoPhillips Company Conspiracy Channels Conspiracy theories Conspiracy Videos Consumer Cooking & Recipes Costco Wholesale Corporation Craigslist Inc. Cryptocurrency Culture & Media CVS Caremark Corporation Dance music & news Ebola Electronics Entertainment Exploding Kittens Express- Scripts- Holding- Company Exxon Mobil Corporation  Facebook Inc. Fashion Federal National Mortgage Assocation Films/Movies & reviews Finance Flat Earth News Food Ford Motor Company Funny videos Gadgets games General Electric Company  General News Google Inc. Gossip news Gourmet Gulden Health Hewlett-Packard Company Home ID&T International Business Machines Corporation International Crime JPMorgan Chase & Co Kepler-186f planet Leisure time Leisure trends Life & Style Literature Maranon Hammocks Marathon Petroleum Corporation McDonald's McKesson Corporation Medical Microsoft Corporation Movies music News videos Obituaries Olympic Games Organic food Politics Quantum Computing Reddit Royal Dutch Shell Sci-Tech Social media Technology Television The Kroger Company The Walking Dead Top 25 Zoos Top10 twitter accounts Traffic Travel Twitter Inc UFO News and more US Elections  Vacancies Valero Energy Corporation Verizon Communications Inc. Virtual & Augmented Reality Walmart  Weather Web design White House Woman - Best beauty products & news Woman - Feminism & world's most powerful women Woman - Food & recipes Woman - Hair ideas & tips Woman - Interior & assecoires Woman - Latest fashion trends Woman - Make-up ideas & tips Woman - Pregnancy & childbirth Woman - Relationship tips & advice Woman - Skin care tips Woman - Weight loss & healty recipes Women -  Breast cancer Women -  Most luxurious jewelry brands & news Women - Beauty salon & spa Women - Sexy & luxury lingerie World News Youth & Parenting&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Alexandr Dolgopolov American Football Andy Murray Athletics Badmington Baseball Baseball - Arizona Diamondbacks Baseball - Atlanta Braves Baseball - Baltimore Orioles Baseball - Boston Red Sox Baseball - Chicago Cubs Baseball - Chicago White Sox Baseball - Cincinnati Reds Baseball - Cleveland Indians Baseball - Colorado Rockies Baseball - Detroit Tigers Baseball - Houston Astros Baseball - Kansas City Royals Baseball - Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Baseball - Los Angeles Dodgers Baseball - Miami Marlins Baseball - Milwaukee Brewers Baseball - Minnesota Twins Baseball - New York Mets Baseball - New York Yankees Baseball - Oakland Athletics Baseball - Philadelphia Phillies Baseball - Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball - San Diego Padres Baseball - San Francisco Giants Baseball - Seattle Mariners Baseball - St. Louis Cardinals Baseball - Tampa Bay Rays Baseball - Texas Rangers Baseball - Toronto Blue Jays Baseball - Washington Nationals Basketball Basketball - Atlanta Hawks Basketball - Boston Celtics Basketball - Brooklyn Nets Basketball - Charlotte Hornets Basketball - Chicago Bulls Basketball - Cleveland Cavaliers Basketball - Dallas Mavericks Basketball - Denver Nuggets Basketball - Detroit Pistons Basketball - Golden State Warriors Basketball - Houston Rockets Basketball - Indiana Pacers Basketball - Los Angeles Clippers Basketball - Los Angeles Lakers Basketball - Memphis Grizzlies Basketball - Miami Heat Basketball - Milwaukee Bucks Basketball - Minnesota Timberwolves Basketball - New Orleans Pelicans Basketball - New York Knicks Basketball - Oklahoma City Thunder Basketball - Orlando Magic Basketball - Philadelphia 76ers Basketball - Phoenix Suns Basketball - Portland Trail Blazers Basketball - Sacramento Kings Basketball - San Antonio Spurs Basketball - Toronto Raptors Basketball - Utah Jazz Basketball - Washington Wizards Body building Boxing Cheerleading Cricket Cycling Dancing David Ferrer David Goffin Downhill Skiing Ernests Gulbis Fabio Fognini Feliciano Lopez Figure Skating Football - Arizona Cardinals Football - Atlanta Falcons Football - Baltimore Ravens Football - Buffalo Bills Football - Carolina Panthers Football - Chicago Bears Football - Cincinnati Bengals Football - Cleveland Browns Football - Dallas Cowboys Football - Denver Broncos Football - Detroit Lions Football - Green Bay Packers Football - Houston Texans Football - Indianapolis Colts Football - Jacksonville Jaguars Football - Kansas City Chiefs Football - Miami Dolphins Football - Minnesota Vikings Football - New England Patriots Football - New Orleans Saints Football - New York Giants Football - New York Jets Football - Oakland Raiders Football - Philadelphia Eagles Football - Pittsburgh Steelers Football - San Diego Chargers Football - San Francisco 49ers Football - Seattle Seahawks Football - St. Louis Rams Football - Tampa Bay Buccaneers Football - Tennessee Titans Football - Washington Redskins Formula 1 Formula 1 - Force India Videos Formula 1 - Infiniti Red Bull Racing Videos Formula 1 - Live Stream & News Formula 1 - McLaren Videos Formula 1 - Mercedes AMG Petronas Videos Formula 1 - Sauber F1 Team Videos Formula 1 - Scuderia Ferrari Videos Formula 1 - Scuderia Toro Rosso Videos Formula 1 - Team Lotus Videos Formula 1 - Williams Martini videos Gael Monfils Gilles Simon Golf Grigor Dimitrov Gymnastics Horse Racing Ice Hockey Ice Hockey - Anaheim Ducks Ice Hockey - Arizona Coyotes Ice Hockey - Boston Bruins Ice Hockey - Buffalo Sabres Ice Hockey - Calgary Flames Ice Hockey - Carolina Hurricanes Ice Hockey - Chicago Blackhawks Ice Hockey - Colorado Avalanche Ice Hockey - Columbus Blue Jackets Ice Hockey - Dallas Stars Ice Hockey - Detroit Red Wings Ice Hockey - Edmonton Oilers Ice Hockey - Florida Panthers Ice Hockey - Los Angeles Kings Ice Hockey - Minnesota Wild Ice Hockey - Montreal Canadiens Ice Hockey - Nashville Predators Ice Hockey - New Jersey Devils Ice Hockey - New York Islanders Ice Hockey - New York Rangers Ice Hockey - Ottawa Senators Ice Hockey - Philadelphia Flyers Ice Hockey - Pittsburg Penguins Ice Hockey - San Jose Sharks Ice Hockey - St. Louis Blues Ice Hockey - Tampa Bay Lightning Ice Hockey - Toronto Maple Leafs Ice Hockey - Vancouver Canucks Ice Hockey - Washington Capitals Ice Hockey - Winnipeg Jets Ivo Karlovic Jeremy Chardy Jo-Wilfried Tsonga John Isner Julien Benneteau Kei Nishikori Kevin Anderson Lacrosse Leonardo Mayer Marin Cilic Milos Raonic MMA Nascar NBA twitter top10 NFL Novak Djokovic Pablo Cuevas Philipp Kohlschreiber Rafael Nadal Richard Gasquet Roberto Bautista Agut Roger Federer Skateboarding Skiing Soccer - Atlanta United FC Soccer - Chicago Fire Soccer - Colorado Rapids Soccer - Columbus Crew Soccer - D.C. United Soccer - FC Dallas Soccer - Houston Dynamo Soccer - LA Galaxy Soccer - Los Angeles Football Club Soccer - Major League Soccer - Montreal Impact Soccer - New England Revolution Soccer - New York City FC Soccer - New York Red Bulls Soccer - Orlando City SC Soccer - Philadelphia Union Soccer - Portland Timbers Soccer - Real Salt Lake Soccer - San Jose Earthquakes Soccer - Seattle Sounders FC Soccer - Sporting Kansas City Soccer - Toronto FC Soccer - United States Soccer Federation Soccer - Vancouver Whitecaps FC Stanislas Wawrinka Swimming Tennis Tomas Berdych Tommy Robredo Top 30 tennis players Volleyball World Cup soccer  World Soccer Wrestling&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Akron Alabama Alaska Albuquerque Anaheim Anchorage Arizona Arkansas Arlington Atlanta Aurora Austin Bakersfield Baltimore Baton Rouge Birmingham Boston Buffalo California Chandler Charlotte Chesapeake Chicago Chula Vista Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Colorado Springs Columbus Connecticut Corpus Christi Dallas Delaware Denver Detroit Durham El Paso Florida Fort Wayne Fort Worth Fremont Fresno Garland Georgia Glendale Greensboro Hawaii Henderson Hialeah Hollywood Honolulu Houston Idaho Illinois Indiana Indianapolis Iowa Jacksonville Jersey City Kansas Kansas City Kentucky Laredo Las Vegas Lexington Lincoln Long Beach Los Angeles Louisiana Louisville Lubbock Madison Maine Maryland Massachusetts Memphis Mesa Miami Michigan Milwaukee Minneapolis Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Modesto Montana Montgomery Nashville Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New Orleans New York Newark Norfolk North Carolina North Dakota NY Bronx NY Brooklyn NY Chinatown NY Manhattan NY Queens NY Staten Island Oakland Ohio Oklahoma Oklahoma City Omaha Oregon Orlando Pennsylvania Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Plano Portland Raleigh Reno Rhode Island Riverside Rochester Sacramento Saint Louis Saint Paul Saint Petersburg San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Santa Ana Scottsdale Seattle Shreveport South Carolina South Dakota Stockton Tampa Tennessee Texas Toledo Tulsa Tuscon Utah Vermont Virginia Virginia Beach Washington West Virginia Wichita Wisconsin Wyoming&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Alternative rock Blues Classic Rock & Pop Country news Country videos Dance news Dance videos Dubstep news & videos EDM Heavy Metal Hip-Hop news Hip-Hop videos Jazz Latin Minimal Techno New EDM, Trance, Hip hop and R&B Music Pop videos R&B  Hip-Hop news R&B Hip-Hop videos R&B News R&B videos Reggae Retro Trance & Dance Music Rock Soul Soundrange Dub Rebel Spinnin' Records Techno News & mixes Trance Music Trance news Urban & Caribbean&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Aaron Rodgers Adam Sandler Adele Al Pacino Amanda Seyfried Amy Adams Angelina Jolie Ashley Judd Ashton Kutcher Barack Obama Ben Affleck Beyoncé Big Sean Bill Gates Bill Murray Bon Jovi Brad Pitt Bradley Cooper Brendan Jordan Britney Spears Bruce Springsteen Bruce Willis Bruno Mars Bryan Cranston Busta Rhymes Cameron Diaz Catherine Zeta-Jones Channing Tatum Charlie Sheen Chris Hemsworth Christina Aguilera Christoph Waltz Danny Trejo David Beckham David Hasselhoff David Letterman Denzel Washington Derek Jeter DJ 3lau DJ Above & Beyond DJ Afrojack DJ Alesso DJ Aly & Fila DJ Andrew Rayel DJ Angerfist DJ Armin Van Buuren DJ Arty DJ ATB DJ Audien DJ Avicii DJ Axwell DJ Bingo Players DJ Bl3ND DJ Blasterjaxx DJ Borgeous DJ Borgore DJ Boy George DJ Brennan Heart DJ Calvin Harris DJ Carl Cox DJ Carnage DJ Code Black DJ Coone DJ Cosmic Gate DJ Da Tweekaz DJ Dada Life DJ Daft Punk DJ Dannic DJ Dash Berlin DJ David Guetta DJ Deadmau5 DJ Deorro DJ Diego Miranda DJ Dillon Francis DJ Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike DJ Diplo DJ Don Diablo DJ DVBBS DJ Dyro DJ Eric Prydz Dj Fabian (DJ Fabvd M) DJ Fedde Le Grand DJ Felguk DJ Ferry Corsten DJ Firebeatz DJ Frontliner DJ Gabry Ponte DJ Gareth Emery DJ Hardwell DJ Headhunterz DJ Heatbeat DJ Infected Mushroom DJ John O'Callaghan DJ Kaskade DJ Knife Party DJ Krewella DJ Kura DJ Laidback Luke DJ Madeon DJ MAKJ DJ Markus Schulz DJ Martin Garrix DJ Merk & Kremont DJ Mike Candys DJ Nervo DJ Nicky Romero DJ Noisecontrollers DJ Oliver Heldens DJ Orjan Nilsen DJ Paul Van Dyk DJ Porter Robinson DJ Quentin Mosimann DJ Quintino DJ R3hab DJ Radical Redemption DJ Richie Hawtin DJ Sander Van Doorn DJ Sebastian Ingrosso DJ Showtek DJ Skrillex DJ Snake DJ Steve Angello DJ Steve Aoki DJ Tenishia DJ The Chainsmokers DJ Tiddey DJ Tiesto DJ TJR DJ Umek DJ Ummet Ozcan DJ Vicetone DJ VINAI DJ W&W DJ Wildstylez DJ Wolfpack DJ Yves V DJ Zatox DJ Zedd DJ Zomboy DMX Donald Trump Dr. Dre Dr. Phil McGraw Drew Brees Dwayne Johnson Dwyane Wade Eddie Murphy Edward Snowden Ellen DeGeneres Emily Mortimer Eminem Emma Thompson Famke Janssen Farrah Fawcett Floyd Mayweather Floyd Mayweather- Boxing Franco Nero Gabby Douglas Gabriel Macht Garth Brooks Gemma Arterton George Clooney George Pal Gisele Bundchen Glenn Beck Golshifteh Farahani Greg Giraldo Gwyneth Paltrow Howard Stern Hulk Hogan Ice Cube J.J. Abrams Jack Nicholson James Caviezel James Patterson Jane Fonda Jason Aldean Jason Bateman Jason London Jason Schwartzman Jason Statham Jay Leno Jay-Z Jeananne Goossen Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Garner Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer Lopez Jeremy Renner Jerry Seinfeld Jessica Alba Jessica Chastain Jim Carrey Jim Parsons Jimmy Buffett Jimmy Fallon Joel Zimmerman John Green John Malkovich Johnny Depp Jon Hamm Jon Lester Jon Stewart Joss Whedon Jude Law Judy Sheindlin Julia Roberts Justin Bieber Justin Timberlake Kaley Cuoco Kanye West Kate Upton Kathleen Turner Katy Perry Kelly Lynch Kenny Chesney Kerry Washington Kevin Durant Kevin Hart Kevin Spacey Kim Kardashian Kobe Bryant Kristen Stewart Lady Gaga LeBron James Leonardo DiCaprio Lil Wayne Lindsay Lohan Lucas Black Luke Bryan Madonna Mahendra Singh Dhoni Maksim Vitorgan Manny Pacquiao Maria Sharapova Marisa Tomei Mark Harmon Mark Wahlberg Mark Zuckerberg Martin Sheen Mary-Louise Parker Matt Damon Matthew McConaughey Megan Fox Meryl Streep Method Man Michael Bay Michael Jordan Michael Phelps Mickey Rourke Mike Tyson & Boxing Miley Cyrus Morgan Freeman Mos Def Naomi Watts Natalie Portman Natalya Rudakova Neil Patrick Harris Nicolas Cage Nicole Kidman Novak Djokovic One Direction- Band Oprah Winfrey P!nk Paige Simpson Pamela Anderson Patricia Arquette Patrick Wilson Paul Rudd Peter Billingsley Peyton Manning Pharrell Williams Phil Mickelson Philip Seymour Hoffman Rafael Nadal Rihanna Robert De Niro Robert Downey Jr Robert Pattinson Robert Redford Roger Federer Roman Coppola Ron Howard Ron Jeremy Rush Limbaugh Ryan Seacrest Sandra Bullock Sarah Jessica Parker Sarah Shahi Scarlett Johansson Sean "Diddy" Combs Sean Hannity Sean Penn Selena Gomez Serena Williams Seth MacFarlane Seth Rogen Shakira Shia LaBeouf Skylar Astin Snoop Dogg Sofia Vergara Stacey Dash Stephen King Steven Spielberg Sylvester Stallone Taylor Swift The Eagles- Band Tiger Woods Tim Tebow Toby Keith Tom Cruise Tom Hanks Tom Hardy Tommy Lee Jones Tyler Perry Usain Bolt Veronica Roth Vin Diesel Vince Vaughn Vincent D'Onofrio Viola Davis Warren Buffet Wesley Snipes Will Ferrell Will Smith William Shatner Zooey Deschanel&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Accountancy Administration Advertising Aerospace Agriculture Analyst Animals  Antique Archaeology architecture Arts Astrology Astronomy  Automotive Aviation Bakery Biotechnology Cabaret  Call center Car News Care Catering Charities  Chemistry Child care Cinema, Theater & TV Cleaning industry Coaching  Construction  Customs Dairy industry Dance & ballet Debt collection agencies Defense Dj Economy Education & Training Entrepreneur Financial Firefighter Fisheries Flowers FMCG Food Fruit & Vegetables Gardener Genealogy General News Government Hair stylist Hotel HR & Recruitment ICT Insurance IT Executive Jobs Justice Lawyer Legal Library Logistics Marketing Meat industry Medical Industry Mining Nurse Online Trends Painter Pharmaceutical Pharmacy Photography Physical therapy Police Political  PR Public relations Production & Industry Project Management Psychology Public Transport Publisher Real estate Rehab Research & Development Restaurant Retail Sales Security SEO Shipping Social work Sustainable Energy Teacher Telecom Tourism Traditional Energy Transport Travel Industry Vacancies  Vegetables Web Design&cross; Close categoriesNovak Djokovic news

 Why Novak Djokovic following Roger Federer's blueprint will produce different results - Metro

26-07-2017 17:17 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Why Novak Djokovic following Roger Federer's blueprint will produce different results
Metro
Whether Djokovic chose the same day as some sort of omen is perhaps a little far-fetched but there is no doubt he will crave the same results the Swiss has enjoyed. Fast-forward a year on from Federer's choice to halt his playing career for what seemed ...and more »
							







Read more

 









 Will long hiatus help Novak Djokovic reinvent himself? - ESPN

26-07-2017 16:45 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								ESPN
Will long hiatus help Novak Djokovic reinvent himself?
ESPN
The mystifying saga of Novak Djokovic and his tumble from the top of the game finally achieved some clarity -- and finality -- Wednesday morning, albeit not in the way the Serbian star might have hoped. Djokovic announced that he's finished playing for ...
Novak Djokovic Is Out for the Season With an Injured ElbowNew York Times
Novak Djokovic will shut things down until 2018 to rest his injured elbowWashington Post
Novak Djokovic
							







Read more

  Elbow injury may rule Novak Djokovic out of US Open - gulfnews.com

25-07-2017 15:22 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								gulfnews.com
Elbow injury may rule Novak Djokovic out of US Open
gulfnews.com
Novak Djokovic reacts during his match against Tomas Berdych on day nine of the Wimbledon Championships at The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, Wimbledon. Published: 16:56 July 25, 2017 Gulf News. Agencies. SMALL; MEDIUM; LARGE.and more »
							







Read more

  Doctor: Novak Djokovic has bone bruise, is unlikely to play US Open - Tennis Magazine

24-07-2017 19:49 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Tennis Magazine
Doctor: Novak Djokovic has bone bruise, is unlikely to play US Open
Tennis Magazine
Novak Djokovic is almost definitely going to withdraw from the U.S. Open, according to the Tennis Federation of Serbia's doctor. The doctor, Zdeslav Milinkovic, told Serbian newspaper Sportski Zurnal that Djokovic has a bone bruise from “excessive play ...and more »
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 Reaction - Djokovic to take six months off - BBC Sport

23-07-2017 14:26 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Reaction - Djokovic to take six months off
BBC Sport
Djokovic played 1146 matches across 15 seasons and 51 consec slams without a single lengthy layoff until today. That's a pretty good deal. 12:51 p.m. - 26 July 2017. Novak Djokovic has certainly earned a bit of time off, even it has been forced on him.
							







Read more

  Emotional Roddick Glad To Have Played With 'Big Four' - ATP World Tour

23-07-2017 02:56 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								ATP World Tour
Emotional Roddick Glad To Have Played With 'Big Four'
ATP World Tour
They beat him in ATP World Tour finals and denied him his Grand Slam dreams. But Andy Roddick said on Saturday during his induction speech at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport that he feels fortunate, not unlucky, to have played at the ...and more »
							







Read more

  Novak Djokovic's fall back to earth - isportsweb.com (blog)

21-07-2017 11:59 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								isportsweb.com (blog)
Novak Djokovic's fall back to earth
isportsweb.com (blog)
Novak Djokovic has had a nightmare of a year since losing to Sam Querrey at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships. Djokovic has not won a Grand Slam since the 2016 French Open, has received heat regarding personal affairs, and has dropped out of the ...
Roger Federer: 'Novak Djokovic won't play Laver Cup!'Tennis World
Novak Djokovic can benefit from a Federer-type scheduleLob & Smash
Novak Djokovic Participates
							







Read more

  Roger Federer: 'Novak Djokovic won't play Laver Cup!' - Tennis World

20-07-2017 06:40 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Tennis World
Roger Federer: 'Novak Djokovic won't play Laver Cup!'
Tennis World
Last year in September during tje US Open Novak Djokovic had said that Laver Cup was an interesting event to take part to, although he admitted that ATP Calendar should be shorter. The World No. 4 won't play the first edition of the exhibition team ...
Novak Djokovic can benefit from a Federer-type scheduleLob & Smashall 15 news articles »
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 Laver Cup: Big Four all qualify but Novak Djokovic won't play - Sportinglife.com

18-07-2017 08:50 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Sportinglife.com
Laver Cup: Big Four all qualify but Novak Djokovic won't play
Sportinglife.com
Tennis' Big Four have all qualified to represent Europe at September's inaugural Laver Cup - but Novak Djokovic will not play in the team event. The six-man teams for the Europe v Rest of the World clash, which is being dubbed 'the Ryder Cup of tennis ...
How long will Novak Djokovic's sabbatical last?Blasting News
Tennis News: Novak Djokovic wants to copy Roger FedererSportsrageousall 10 news articl
							







Read more

  Tomas Berdych Has Been Playing Wearing Novak Djokovic's Shoes - Tennis World

16-07-2017 06:56 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Tennis World
Tomas Berdych Has Been Playing Wearing Novak Djokovic's Shoes
Tennis World
Tennis - Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer were scheduled to meet in the semi-finals of the Wimbledon Championships. The Serb retired in the quarter-finals against Czech player Tomas Berdych due to an elbow injury but still made it to the Centre Court ...
Berdych's tennis shoes create social media buzzYahoo7 Sportall 628 news articles »
							







Read more

  What's the Deal With Novak Djokovic? - New York Times

15-07-2017 02:39 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								New York Times
What's the Deal With Novak Djokovic?
New York Times
Novak Djokovic reacting to a point in his fourth round match at Wimbledon on Tuesday. Credit Glyn Kirk/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images. I've been watching Novak Djokovic play tennis for more than a decade, and I've never known quite what to make ...
Tomas Berdych pays classy trainer tribute to injured Novak DjokovicTelegraph.co.uk
Roger Federer wins in straight sets, while Novak Djokovic retiresESPN
Novak Djokovic
							







Read more

  Iconic images: Novak Djokovic mid-air - Wimbledon

14-07-2017 17:21 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Iconic images: Novak Djokovic mid-air
Wimbledon
As the Championships' photographic manager, Bob Martin appreciates the finer details of the images which every day capture the essence of Wimbledon. In this series celebrating the best of the AELTC's talent behind the lens, he nominates his Picture of ...
							







Read more

 
Advertisement









 Still nursing elbow injury, Novak Djokovic considering break from tour - Tennis Magazine

13-07-2017 19:37 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Tennis Magazine
Still nursing elbow injury, Novak Djokovic considering break from tour
Tennis Magazine
Novak Djokovic, who retired down a set and a break to Tomas Berdych at Wimbledon, says he may have to take a break from competition. The Serb confirmed the injury was an elbow problem, saying, "It's the elbow that already keeps bothering for over a ...
The Decline and Fall of Novak DjokovicThe Weekly Standard
Roger Federer wins in straight sets, while Novak Djokovic retiresESPN
Novak Djok
							







Read more

  Nadal and Djokovic to play exhibition in Astana! But will Novak be there? - Tennis World

13-07-2017 15:49 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Tennis World
Nadal and Djokovic to play exhibition in Astana! But will Novak be there?
Tennis World
September will be a very busy month for Rafael Nadal. US Open event will end on Sunday 10th, but Rafa will have less time to rest. From 22 to 24 September he will play Laver Cup, a team exhibition that takes place this year in the O2 Arena in Prague ...
							







Read more

  Wimbledon: Novak Djokovic the latest of the big four to show signs of wear and tear - The Times

13-07-2017 01:01 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								The Times
Wimbledon: Novak Djokovic the latest of the big four to show signs of wear and tear
The Times
What with the hole in the court, the fourth-round scheduling controversy, and now this terminal bout of tennis elbow, Novak Djokovic has certainly had happier Wimbledons. And that is before we even factor in John McEnroe making noisy insinuations in ...
							







Read more

  Novak Djokovic says he'll consider hiatus after elbow injury ends his Wimbledon - Washington Post

12-07-2017 23:11 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Washington Post
Novak Djokovic says he'll consider hiatus after elbow injury ends his Wimbledon
Washington Post
WIMBLEDON, England — Suddenly, Novak Djokovic went to shake the hand of the chair umpire, turned to extend good wishes to Tomas Berdych and spun doubt across the rest of the summer. He even will ponder a hiatus. “Yeah, I guess the break is ...
Novak Djokovic hits bottom, and may not come up for a long timeNew York Post
Wimbledon 2017: Novak Djokovic out after retiring
							







Read more

  Wimbledon: Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic Are Eliminated - New York Times

12-07-2017 21:46 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								New York Times
Wimbledon: Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic Are Eliminated
New York Times
Andy Murray, above, will lose the No. 1 ranking after falling to Sam Querrey in the quarterfinals at Wimbledon. Credit Daniel Leal-Olivas/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images. WIMBLEDON, England — A day of attrition struck Wimbledon on Wednesday as ...
Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic both upset in quarterfinalsMinneapolis Star Tribune
Wimbledon 2017: Sam Querrey stuns Andy Murray; Novak Djokovic p
							







Read more

  Novak Djokovic follows Andy Murray out of Wimbledon, Roger Federer keeps dream alive - Herald Sun

12-07-2017 21:46 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								Herald Sun
Novak Djokovic follows Andy Murray out of Wimbledon, Roger Federer keeps dream alive
Herald Sun
NOVAK Djokovic is out of Wimbledon after retiring hurt during his quarter-final match against Tomas Berdych. An upper arm injury forced Djokovic to abandon his Wimbledon campaign midway through the second set against Berdych. The three-time ...
							







Read more

  Will Novak Djokovic play at Western & Southern Open? - Cincinnati.com

12-07-2017 20:38 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Cincinnati.com
Will Novak Djokovic play at Western & Southern Open?
Cincinnati.com
As the Western & Southern Open prepares to announce Thursday its player field for the tournament Aug. 12-20 in Mason, it is not known whether Novak ...and more »
							







Read more

  Novak Djokovic retires from Wimbledon quarter-final match with right arm injury - TVNZ

12-07-2017 20:31 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Novak Djokovic retires from Wimbledon quarter-final match with right arm injury
TVNZ
Olympic gold medallist and America's Cup winner Blair Tuke is reportedly close to finalising a deal which could see him hunting for sailing's rare triple crown, with the Kiwi sailor poised to compete in the upcoming Volvo Ocean Race. Play Video. Play ...and more »
							







Read more

  Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic exit in Wimbledon quarterfinals - CNN

12-07-2017 20:30 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								CNN
Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic exit in Wimbledon quarterfinals
CNN
Wimbledon (CNN) Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic -- the pair who dominated men's tennis last year -- both departed the Wimbledon quarterfinals on Wednesday banged up. First it was defending champion and world No. 1 Murray who lost 3-6 6-4 6-7 (4) ...
Novak Djokovic exits Wimbledon after retiring injured in quarter-final match against Tomas BerdychThe Independent
Andy Murray, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic headline Wimbledo
							







Read more

  Wimbledon 2017: The Internet reacts to Novak Djokovic's withdrawal - Sporting News

12-07-2017 20:02 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Sporting News
Wimbledon 2017: The Internet reacts to Novak Djokovic's withdrawal
Sporting News
July 12, 2017 2:02pm EDT July 12, 2017 2:02pm EDT Tennis, Wimbledon, English, Novak Djokovic The Internet had a strong reaction to Djokovic retiring from Wimbledon because of a right arm injury. djokovic-novak-71217-usnews-getty-ftr Novak Djokovic ...
Wimbledon 2017: Roger Federer rolls into semis, Novak Djokovic (elbow) retiresCBSSports.com
Novak Djokovic exits Wimbledon after retiring injured i
							







Read more

  Wimbledon 2017: Watch the moment Novak Djokovic puts racquet under arms and retires - Express.co.uk

12-07-2017 19:59 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Express.co.uk
Wimbledon 2017: Watch the moment Novak Djokovic puts racquet under arms and retires
Express.co.uk
The Serb was a set and a break down when he pulled a forehand wide and walked to the net. He put his racquet under his arm and walked straight to the chair on Court One. He shook hands with the umpire before making his way towards Tomas Berdych to ...
							







Read more

  Povreda zaustavila Novaka u četvrtfinalu Vimbldona

12-07-2017 19:30



								Novak nije uspeo da se plasira u polufinale trećeg gren slema sezone.
Drugi nosilac Vimbldona odigrao je petnaest gemova u četvrtfinalu kada ga je povreda lakta prinudila da preda meč Tomašu Berdihu pri vođstvu Čeha od 6:7 (2:7), 0:2.
Već od početka meča Novakov govor tela nije slutio na dobro. I pored evidentnih problema uspevao je da sačuva svoj servis i parira svom protivniku. U taj-brejku je sve teže servirao, tako da je Berdih nakon
							







Read more

  Wimbledon: Novak Djokovic withdraws with shoulder injury - Irish Times

12-07-2017 19:29 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Irish Times
Wimbledon: Novak Djokovic withdraws with shoulder injury
Irish Times
Novak Djokovic's hopes of winning a fourth Wimbledon title were scuppered by injury after the Serbian was forced to retire against Tomas Berdych. Djokovic had lost the first set in a tie-break and was down a break in the second when he withdrew from ...
Novak Djokovic vs Tomas Berdych: Prediction, betting odds and start timeEvening Standard
Novak Djokovic's wife hints at unrest over match delayIrish Examinerall 371
							







Read more

  Wimbledon 2017 day eight results: Johanna Konta into semi-finals, Novak Djokovic wins - Daily Star

12-07-2017 19:15 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Daily Star
Wimbledon 2017 day eight results: Johanna Konta into semi-finals, Novak Djokovic wins
Daily Star
Konta is the first British woman through to the final eight at Wimbledon since Jo Durie in 1984 and is now out to match Virginia Wade's run to the last four 39 years ago. Elsewhere Venus Williams tackles Jelena Ostapenko, Garbine Muguruza takes on ...
Thoughts on Wimbledon women's quarterfinals, Novak Djokovic's fourth-round win At 37, Venus Williams moves into ...Sports Illustrated
							







Read more

  Novak Djokovic exits Wimbledon after retiring injured in quarter-final match against Tomas Berdych - The Independent

12-07-2017 19:15 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News


								The Independent
Novak Djokovic exits Wimbledon after retiring injured in quarter-final match against Tomas Berdych
The Independent
Novak Djokovic crashed out of Wimbledon on Wednesday as he was forced to retired injured in his quarter-final match against Tomas Berdych. Djokovic was hoping to win a fourth Wimbledon title and also had a chance of reclaiming his World No 1 ranking ...
Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic exit in Wimbledon quarterfinalsCNN
Andy Murray, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic
							







Read more

  Three-time champion Novak Djokovic retires with injury from quarterfinal match at Wimbledon - FOXSports.com

12-07-2017 19:14 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Three-time champion Novak Djokovic retires with injury from quarterfinal match at Wimbledon
FOXSports.com
LONDON (AP) Three-time champion Novak Djokovic retires with injury from quarterfinal match at Wimbledon. Novak Djokovic · other. 0. Shares. FOX Sports Go. LIVE NOW. FS1. 8:30p ET. Gold Cup Match Day. FS1. 4:30p ET. CONCACAF Gold Cup - Bonus ...and more »
							







Read more

  Wimbledon 2017: Novak Djokovic hits out at 'hole' in the middle of Centre Court as row intensifies - The Independent

12-07-2017 12:47 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								The Independent
Wimbledon 2017: Novak Djokovic hits out at 'hole' in the middle of Centre Court as row intensifies
The Independent
The row over the state of Wimbledon's prized green lawns has intensified after Novak Djokovic complained of a “hole” in the middle of Centre Court during his win against Adrian Mannarino. The All England Club is famed for its impeccable grass courts ...
Clothing and Equipment - The Championships, Wimbledon 2017 - Official Site by IBMWimbledonall 27 news
							







Read more

  Five tips for healthy eating from Lauren von der Pool - Novak ... - Telegraph.co.uk

12-07-2017 09:00 via Allintitle:Novak Djokovic - Google News



								Telegraph.co.uk
Five tips for healthy eating from Lauren von der Pool - Novak ...
Telegraph.co.uk
Off the court, and more precisely in the kitchen, Mr Djokovic seems to be having more luck. He has just hired celebrity chef, Lauren Von Der Pool to overhaul his ...
Novak Djokovic 'parties with saucy chef' Lauren Von Der Pool amid rumours his marriage to Jelena is 'in trouble'The Sun
The VERY glamorous chef giving diet tips to Novak Djokovic: Pictures emerge of Serena and Venus Williams' cook
							







Read more

27 Jul 201726 Jul 201725 Jul 201724 Jul 201723 Jul 201721 Jul 2017Follow @N_Djokovic_News on Twitter!
















Privacy Policy Advertising













   



Rodger Novak 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















roger novak - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Find Roger novak Free - All You Need Is Name & State



Ad
 ·
www.PrivateEye.com/​find/​now



Locate Address, Phone Number, Email, Public Records & Background Checks Now!





Search People



Criminal Records




Background Check Now



Reverse Phone Look up





We Found Roger Novak - Looking for Roger Novak?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Roger Novak



Looking for Roger Novak? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





John Smith: Found - Current Address, Phone & Email



Ad
 ·
www.whitepages.com/​Find-People



Search By Name & Location. Find Roger Novak, Anywhere.





Name Popularity & Facts



Instantly Update Your Address Book



Reverse Phone Lookup





Searches related toroger novak



djokovic federer


dr rodger novak


belleville ks real estate


realtors in belleville ks



roger novak auction


roger novak realty


novak bros


novak realty belleville




Web Results

Novak Bros. & Gieber Auctioneers - Real Estate & Auctions ...

www.nckcn.com/novakbrosgieberauction


Updated 7/5/17: Novak Bros. & Gieber Auctioneers and Roger Novak - Real Estate: Real Estate: Machinery: Antiques: Household: General Farm Sales Click on the buttons ...


Top 10 Roger Novak profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Roger/Novak


View the profiles of professionals named Roger Novak on LinkedIn. There are 12 professionals named Roger Novak, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas, and ...


Our Team : Novak Biddle - Venture Partners

www.novakbiddle.com/about/team.php


Novak Biddle Venture Partners provides equity financing and assistance to the management of early-stage, information technology companies principally located in the ...


Roger Novak Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Roger-Novak


View the profiles of people named Roger Novak. Join Facebook to connect with Roger Novak and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


Roger Novak | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Roger-Novak


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 48 people named Roger Novak. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Roger Novak's Phone Number, Email, Address ... - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Roger-Novak


106 records for Roger Novak. Find Roger Novak's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Roger Novak – Real Estate - NCKCN

nckcn.com/novakbrosgieberauction/realestate.htm


Conducting all types of auctions in North Central Kansas including machinery, antiques, household and general farm sales.


Dr. Roger Novack, MD - Los Angeles, CA - Ophthalmology ...

www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-roger-novack-x22hx


Visit Healthgrades for information on Dr. Roger Novack, MD Find Phone & Address information, medical practice history, affiliated hospitals and more.


Roger Novak - 49 Public Records Found

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/roger-novak


Roger Novak was found 49 times in our database. Matches were found in 82 cities including Rhinelander, Wisconsin, North Port, Florida & Englewood, Florida.


roger novak | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rogernovak


View roger novak’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like roger novak discover inside ...










Find Roger novak Free - All You Need Is Name & State



Ad
 ·
www.PrivateEye.com/​find/​now



Locate Address, Phone Number, Email, Public Records & Background Checks Now!





Search People



Criminal Records




Background Check Now



Reverse Phone Look up





We Found Roger Novak - Looking for Roger Novak?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Roger Novak



Looking for Roger Novak? Get Cell Phone #,  Address, Pics & More.





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





John Smith: Found - Current Address, Phone & Email



Ad
 ·
www.whitepages.com/​Find-People



Search By Name & Location. Find Roger Novak, Anywhere.





Name Popularity & Facts



Instantly Update Your Address Book



Reverse Phone Lookup




Searches related toroger novak



djokovic federer


dr rodger novak


belleville ks real estate


realtors in belleville ks



roger novak auction


roger novak realty


novak bros


novak realty belleville




12345Next






Answers







List of Grand Slam singles finals



This is a list of all Grand Slam singles finals in tennis history. Men Year Tournament Winner Runner-up 2017 Australian Open Roger Federer Rafael Nadal...

more






Best Male Tennis Player ESPY Award



Safin 2006 Roger Federer (2) James Blake Rafael Nadal David Nalbandian 2007 Roger Federer (3) James Blake Rafael Nadal Andy Roddick ) 2008 Roger...

more






2015 ATP World Tour Masters 1000



commune of France adjacent to Monaco. Results Tournament Singles Winner Runner-up Score Doubles Winners Runner-up Score Indian Wells Novak Djokovic...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip

















