


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments



















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map





















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 











NOYES TORCHLITE INVESTMENT FUND LLC, 2016033000257 | Indiana-register.com












































NOYES TORCHLITE INVESTMENT FUND LLC
C/O NOYES ADVISORS LLC, 250 W 96TH STREET SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260, USA


















 
+
0
-



NOYES TORCHLITE INVESTMENT FUND LLC is an entity registered at Indiana with company number 2016033000257. Company is incorporated on30th March 2016. Current status of the company is Active. The company's agentis MATT REYNOLDS, NOYES ADVISORS LLC, 250 W 96TH STREET SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260 -  , USA
Company information


Company name
NOYES TORCHLITE INVESTMENT FUND LLC


Address
C/O NOYES ADVISORS LLC, 250 W 96TH STREET SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260, USA


Status
Active


Company number
2016033000257


Company type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Domicile state
Indiana


Incorporation Date
30th March 2016


Expiration Date
Perpetual


Business Entity Report Due Date
2018-03-31T02:00:00+02:00



					Agent
				


Name
MATT REYNOLDS


Address
NOYES ADVISORS LLC, 250 W 96TH STREET SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260 -  , USA






Related companies

NOYES TYROS INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYOLA CONSTRUCTION LLC
NOYZ PRODUCTION INC.
NOZUMI, LLC
NOZZLEMEN MC INDIANA CHAPTER 1 CORP.
NP ASSOCIATES, LLC
NP BRANTLEY VENTURES INC.
NP CONSULTING LLC
NP CONVERTERS INC
NP ENTERPRISES, LLC


NOYES STEADYSERV INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYES PARTNERS INCORPORATED
NOYES MERGER SUB, LLC
NOYES INDIANA SEED FUND LLC
NOYES GROUP, LLC
NOYES CLEAR SOFTWARE INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYES ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
NOYES ADVISORS, LLC
NOYBI, LLC
NOYA SALON LLC

Similar company number

CSKILLZ, LLC
DORMUS PROPERTIES, LLC
JUST CARPET INSTALLATION LLC
CARLOS MURILLO LLC
GILBERTO LOPEZ SERRANO LLC
HOPE CENTER INDY, INC.
BWM ENTERPRISES LLC
WE WASH L.L.C.
JC INVESTMENT GROUP LLC
DRISCOLL PROPERTY MGMT, LLC


SB WELLNESS, LLC
K2 BULK LOGISTICS INC
REFORMATION, INC.
KNIGHT INDUSTRIES LLC
R-S-H ENERGY, LLC
ZEBIT, INC.
MHM HEALTH PROFESSIONALS, INC.
MI-MED SUPPLY CO. INC.
JUST CARPET INSTALLATION
GREGG'S F&F HOME CHEF LLC

































 













 







Noyes Torchlite Investment Fund, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Noyes Advisors, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Noyes Torchlite Investment Fund, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Attn: Noyes Asset Management 250 West 96 Th Street, Suite 300 
    Indianapolis, IN, 46260Phone: 312-606-4643 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-17


Amended


$475,000


$50,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2016-06-30


New


$425,000


$425,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Noyes Advisors, Llc 
 Director 














NOYES ADVISORS, LLC, 2015021800390 | Indiana-register.com












































NOYES ADVISORS, LLC
250 W. 96TH STREET, SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260, USA


















 
+
0
-



NOYES ADVISORS, LLC is an entity registered at Indiana with company number 2015021800390. Company is incorporated on18th February 2015. Current status of the company is Active. The company's agentis ROBERT L. CRAM, 250 W. 96TH STREET, SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260 -  , USA
Company information


Company name
NOYES ADVISORS, LLC


Address
250 W. 96TH STREET, SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260, USA


Status
Active


Company number
2015021800390


Company type
Domestic Limited Liability Company


Domicile state
Indiana


Incorporation Date
18th February 2015


Expiration Date
Perpetual


Business Entity Report Due Date
2017-02-28T01:00:00+01:00



					Agent
				


Name
ROBERT L. CRAM


Address
250 W. 96TH STREET, SUITE 300, INDIANAPOLIS, IN, 46260 -  , USA






Related companies

NOYES ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
NOYES CLEAR SOFTWARE INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYES GROUP, LLC
NOYES INDIANA SEED FUND LLC
NOYES MERGER SUB, LLC
NOYES PARTNERS INCORPORATED
NOYES STEADYSERV INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYES TORCHLITE INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYES TYROS INVESTMENT FUND LLC
NOYOLA CONSTRUCTION LLC


NOYBI, LLC
NOYA SALON LLC
NOYA AUTO SALES INC.
NOY CORPORATION
NOXSO CORPORATION
NOXIOUS VEGATATION CONTROL INC
NOXCUZES LLC
NOX TECHNOLOGIES, LLC
NOX RACING LLC
NOX PRODUCTS, INC.

Similar company number

NJ INVESTMENTS LLC
LAWN & LAND CARE LLC
QUIVERING LIVER BARTENDING SERVICES LLC
UBER COMPUTER REPAIR LLC
ML 81 PROPERTIES, LLC
KRISTOFF PROPERTIES, LLC
421 RUBE, LLC
M-CONTAINER SOLUTIONS, LLC
ITOWN MINISTRIES, INC.
RESPECTABLE ROOFING LLC


MAIR FOTOGRAFIA-VIDEO CORP.
CHOICE BOOKS OF GREAT LAKES, INC.
JAMES R MANAGEMENT
PEDRO MACEDO ORTIZ LLC
BELL CLEANING SERVICES
RNA JANITORIAL SERVICES
MACORDIA, LLC
MEDICAL MANAGEMENT OPTIONS, LLC
ALM HOLDINGS LLC
ENGINEERING AND INDUSTRIAL SERVICES LLC
























Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC  Funding details


Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001650022IRS Number: 320469985Address: ATTN NOYES ADVISORS 250 WEST 96TH STREET, SUITE 300 INDIANAPOLIS 46260Phone number: 312-606-4643



Latest news
Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC raised $235,000 from 5 investors on 2017-05-08.



Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-05-08Amended Form D$1,000,000$235,000$765,000$25,000506b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2017-02-24New Form D$1,000,000$100,000$900,000$25,000406b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC raised $235,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC
Key People in Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC:

N/A Noyes Advisors, LLC
Similar companiesNoyes SteadyServ Investment Fund, LLC, Noyes Torchlite Investment Fund, LLC








Last visited companies: Oakridge REIT 3 LLC, Psilos/HealthEdge Co-Investment, LP, Unitus Seed Fund, LP, Intersect PTP, Inc., LRE I REIT, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC
List of persons related to the company Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC.

CIK Number: 0001650022IRS Number: 320469985Company address: ATTN NOYES ADVISORS 250 WEST 96TH STREET, SUITE 300 INDIANAPOLIS 46260Phone number: 312-606-4643



People related to Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryN/A  Noyes Advisors, LLC250 West 96th Street, Suite 300 IndianapolisIN




Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC on the Web
Related companiesNoyes SteadyServ Investment Fund, LLC, Noyes Torchlite Investment Fund, LLC












 








Noyes Mark, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Noyes Mark


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Noyes Mark.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (3)
CIK Number: 0001691193


Earliest known filing
December 2016
Latest known filing
March 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Noyes Mark has 3 filings. View Noyes Mark filings.
Similar companiesNoyes Torchlite Investment Fund, LLC, NOYES TIMOTHY P, Noyes SteadyServ Investment Fund, LLC, NOYES PARTNERS INC                                      /BD, Noyes Kurt, NOYES JOHN H, Noyes Island LLC, NOYES HAROLD J, NOYES DAVID MICHAEL, NOYES DAVID, Noyes Clear Software Investment Fund LLC, NOYES AL, NOYES ADAM P














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Noyes Mark. 









Investments - Noyes
































































FCC Access Online
Orion Advisor Services
Fidelity Customer Login







 









About Us

Leadership
Advisors
Locations
History
Careers
Community Involvement


Planning Solutions

Retirement Planning
Estate Planning
Education Planning
Managing Risk
Business Planning


Financial Solutions

Advisory Services
Investments
Alternative Investments
Annuities and Insurance
Lending


Capital Markets

Corporate Finance Division
Fixed Income Division


Resources

Learning Center
News and Events
Forms and Fee Schedules
Disclosures
Contact Us


Careers
Contact
 Close Menu













            Investment Choices Are Tailored for You            
 The more choices you have, the greater the potential opportunities. That’s a rule of thumb in life and in wealth planning.









We offer unlimited access to traditional stock and bond investments, as well as a cash management program, designed to help your money work hard for you, and traditional certificates of deposit. We have access to independent research from our national and international research network.
Equity Investments
Equity Investments represent a key investment opportunity for individuals, and even the most conservative portfolio may benefit from stock and mutual fund investing.


Stocks: A stock is a type of security that represents individual ownership of a corporation and a claim on part of the corporation’s assets and earnings. In other words, as an investor you are part owner of a firm. Working with David A. Noyes gives you access to domestic and international equity markets and all the major stock exchanges.
Exchange Traded Funds: An exchange traded fund (ETF) represents a basket of stocks traded throughout the day. Although generally thought of in terms of stocks, ETFs can also hold bonds or commodities. Many of them track an index, such as the S&P 500 Index. ETFs may be attractive as an investment because of low cost, tax efficiency and diversification.
Mutual Funds: A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in various securities such as stocks and bonds. Mutual funds are operated by professional managers, who invest the fund’s capital and attempt to produce capital gains and income for the fund’s investors. Mutual funds have been a mainstay of the individual investors’ market for many years. They allow individuals access to professional managers and may provide wide diversification through a single investment.

Fixed-Income Investments
Fixed-Income Investments give your portfolio stability and balance. Fixed-income investments may be long or short term, and include bonds, notes and bills. They may provide a steady and dependable stream of income, and some include tax advantages. Fixed-income resources are available through our in-house traders and access to fixed-income products.


U.S. Government, Agency and Treasury Bonds and Notes, considered to be the safest investment in the marketplace, offer safety, liquidity and income, and are exempt from state income taxes.
Municipal Bonds, issued by local governments and other local agencies, may offer income that is exempt from federal and state income taxes.
Corporate Bonds, issued by corporations, may offer higher income than U.S. Government bonds, depending on the bond’s rating and other factors.
Certificates of Deposit are still a core investment for conservative investors. We offer you a broad array of CDs from banks nationwide to optimize your return.

Cash Management

Cash Management – Our Advantage Account keeps your cash working hard for you, with excess cash going into a money market fund or an FDIC-insured bank deposit fund. Advantage Accounts simplify your finances with unlimited check-writing, a Visa Gold debit card, ATM transactions and funds transfers.

As you work with your David A. Noyes Advisor to determine the right investment choice for you, you will benefit from customized, highly personalized service from experienced investment professionals who put you first.

Learn More about Noyes Financial Group
		To find out more about how Noyes Financial Group can help you build and protect your wealth... Contact Us

 

















Torchlight Investors, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 8:50 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Torchlight Investors, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Torchlight Investors, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides lending services along with certain administrative services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to sovereign wealth funds, corporate and public pension funds, endowments, insurance companies, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, corporations, foundations, and other charitable organizations. The firm manages client specific debt portfolios and investment funds for its clients. It invests in the fixed income markets. The firm primarily invests in commercial real estate debt markets including but not limited to commercial mortgage backed securities (“CMBS”) and commercial real e...
Torchlight Investors, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm also provides lending services along with certain administrative services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to sovereign wealth funds, corporate and public pension funds, endowments, insurance companies, pooled investment vehicles, investment companies, corporations, foundations, and other charitable organizations. The firm manages client specific debt portfolios and investment funds for its clients. It invests in the fixed income markets. The firm primarily invests in commercial real estate debt markets including but not limited to commercial mortgage backed securities (“CMBS”) and commercial real estate loans. It Invests in United States and Canada. It combines long/short and opportunistic investment strategies to create its investment portfolios. The firm employs combination of technical, fundamental, and credit analysis to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Torchlight Investors, LLC was formerly known as ING Clarion Capital LLC. Torchlight Investors, LLC was founded in 1995 and is based in New York City with an additional office in Miami, Florida.
Detailed Description


475 Fifth AvenueNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 212-883-2800

Fax: 212-883-2560

www.torchlightinvestors.com







Key Executives for Torchlight Investors, LLC




Mr. Daniel Simon Heflin CPA


      	President, Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, Partner and Board Member
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Robert Del Monaco


      	Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Funds
      








Mr. Sanford Weintraub


      	Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Marc Young


      	Partner and Co-Chief Investment Officer
      








Mr. Timothy Zietara


      	Senior Vice President
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Torchlight Investors, LLC Key Developments

Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 20th Annual Real Estate Securities Conference, Mar-02-2017 10:40 AM
Feb 27 17
Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 20th Annual Real Estate Securities Conference, Mar-02-2017 10:40 AM. Venue: The Plaza Hotel, 768 5th Avenue, New York, NY 10019, United States. Speakers: Steven Schwartz, Partner and Managing Director of Acquisitions.


Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 26th Annual Institutional Investor Real Estate Conference, Sep-29-2016 03:20 PM
Sep 26 16
Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 26th Annual Institutional Investor Real Estate Conference, Sep-29-2016 03:20 PM. Venue: Grand Hyatt, Washington, United States. Speakers: Daniel Simon Heflin, President, Chief Executive Officer, Co-Chief Investment Officer, Partner, Board Member, Member of Investment Committee, and Member of Operating Committee.


Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 5th Annual Real Estate CFO Forum East, Sep-19-2016 02:20 PM
Sep 16 16
Torchlight Investors, LLC Presents at 5th Annual Real Estate CFO Forum East, Sep-19-2016 02:20 PM. Venue: Marriott New York Downtown, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Robert Del Monaco, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Funds.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 21, 2017
			    
Evergreen Portfolio Apartments



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 18, 2017
			    
The Village Shoppes At Creekside





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Torchlight Investors, LLC, please visit www.torchlightinvestors.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























Mutual Funds


Mutual funds are a practical, cost-efficient way to build a diversified portfolio of stocks, bonds, or short-term investments. With nearly 70 years in the business, Fidelity offers the tools and experience to help you build an investment strategy that matches your investing style.
Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center








Fidelity mutual funds










Why choose Fidelity funds?

There's a reason we're a world leader in mutual funds1—our rich history, global research, and diverse investment capabilities.




Explore our fund offering

Take advantage of our global network of analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry.
Pricing, Distributions, and Shareholder Information
Year-End Fidelity Fund Distributions




Fidelity Fund Portfolios
                        
						                        
                                                       


						
							
Whether you want to pick your own funds or prefer the hands-off approach, we'll help you find a portfolio that makes the most sense for you.
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Income
Fidelity Fund Portfolios—Diversified










 FEATURED INVESTING IDEA
Beating the benchmark

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Active management can help you respond quickly to market changes and maximize your return potential.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED SPOTLIGHT
Fidelity Simplicity RMD FundsSM

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Take the guesswork out of required minimum distributions (RMDs) for certain types of retirement accounts2 by pairing a professionally managed, age-appropriate asset allocation fund with our automated annual RMD withdrawal service.
			                                            
			                                        
												








All funds




Over 10,000 funds from Fidelity & other companies


Fidelity's FundsNetwork allows you to invest in mutual funds from hundreds of fund companies outside of Fidelity, including many available with no transaction fees.3 Explore your financial options by searching through our world class library of funds.



Explore all funds


Morningstar® highly rated funds
Fund Picks From Fidelity®











Featured Tool
Mutual Fund Evaluator4

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Search thousands of funds available through Fidelity. Easily filter and sort by performance criteria and fund characteristics.
			                                            
			                                        
												






FEATURED TRIAL
Guest Access

			                    	                
			                                        
														
															Sign up for free Guest Access and experience the tools and resources only available to Fidelity customers.
			                                            
			                                        
												


















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.


Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



          1. Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $6.2 trillion, including managed assets of $2.2 trillion as of May 31, 2017, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 26 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 23,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 12,500 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          2. RMDs do not apply to investments in Roth IRAs or taxable accounts.
	
    

          3.
	
	
	       Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Fidelity reserves the right to change the funds available without transaction fees and reinstate the fees on any funds. Fidelity will charge a short term trading fee each time you sell or exchange shares of FundsNetwork No Transaction Fee (NTF) funds held less than 60 days (short-term trade).


          4. The Fund Evaluator is provided to help self-directed investors evaluate mutual funds based on their own needs and circumstances. The criteria entered is at the sole discretion of the user and any information obtained should not be considered an offer to buy or sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any securities. You acknowledge that your requests for information are unsolicited and shall neither constitute, nor be considered as investment advice by Fidelity Brokerage Services, LLC., Fidelity Distributors Corporation, or their affiliates (collectively, "Fidelity").
	
    

          Please note: When comparing funds, please consider all important factors, including information pertaining to fund fees, fund features, and fund objectives. While funds may track an index, the indices and strategies employed in seeking to achieve an investment goal may be different. Each fund’s investment object and strategy and index tracked to achieve investment goals may differ. For new investors, funding investment minimums may be different.
	
    


727356.10.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Fidelity Funds - Mutual Funds from Fidelity Investments


















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Mutual Funds Overview
























Fidelity Mutual Funds


Invest with a world leader in mutual funds* and you put a global network of 400 analysts and one of the largest research departments in the industry to work for you.1 Our extensive resources allow Fidelity's fund managers to look deeply across different regions and sectors to find investment opportunities that others may miss.

Open an Account






Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center














Explore the full spectrum of available Fidelity Funds 
Fidelity Funds cover all asset classes of mutual funds, from domestic equity to specialized sectors, so you can find the mix of funds that helps you to achieve your strategic investment goals.









Domestic Equity




International Equity




Sectors




Fixed Income




Asset Allocation




Index




Money Market









Domestic Equity









Benefits of domestic equity funds


Exposure to successful, innovative, and profitable companies
May offer significant appreciation potential
A good foundation for almost any portfolio for risk-tolerant investors





Why Fidelity domestic equity funds

$755 billion in U.S. equity assets under management1
2,364 stocks covered by more than 200 equity research professionals1
A wide range of highly rated 4- and 5-star Morningstar rated funds2














Large Value


Fidelity® Blue Chip Value Fund (FBCVX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Value Enhanced Fund (FLVEX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Large-Cap Value Fund (FSLVX)

Fidelity® Value Discovery Fund (FVDFX)
Small/Mid Value

Fidelity® Low-Priced Stock Fund (FLPSX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Value Fund (FSMVX)

Fidelity® Value Fund (FDVLX)

Fidelity® Value Strategies Fund (FSLSX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Value Fund (FCPVX)
Income-Oriented

Fidelity® Equity Dividend Income Fund (FEQTX)

Fidelity® Equity-Income Fund (FEQIX)

Fidelity® Growth & Income Portfolio Fund (FGRIX)

Fidelity® Dividend Growth Fund (FDGFX)






Large Blend


Fidelity® Disciplined Equity Fund (FDEQX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Stock Fund (FLCSX)

Fidelity® Mega-Cap Stock Fund (FGRTX)
Small/Mid Blend

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FMEIX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Enhanced Index Fund (FCPEX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Stock Fund (FSLCX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Small-Cap Fund (FDSCX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Discovery Fund (FSCRX)
Go-Anywhere

Fidelity® Capital Appreciation Fund (FDCAX)

Fidelity® Contrafund® (FCNTX)

Fidelity® Independence Fund (FDFFX)

Fidelity® Magellan® Fund (FMAGX)

Fidelity® New Millennium Fund (FMILX)






Large Growth


Fidelity® Blue Chip Growth Fund (FBGRX)

Fidelity® Export & Multinational Fund (FEXPX)

Fidelity® Focused Stock Fund (FTQGX)

Fidelity® Fund (FFIDX)

Fidelity® Growth Discovery Fund (FDSVX)

Fidelity® Growth Company Fund (FDGRX)

Fidelity® Large-Cap Growth Enhanced Index Fund (FLGEX)

Fidelity® OTC Portfolio (FOCPX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector All Cap Fund (FDSSX)

Fidelity® Trend Fund (FTRNX)
Small/Mid Growth

Fidelity® Growth Strategies Fund (FDEGX)

Fidelity® Mid-Cap Stock Fund (FMCSX)

Fidelity® Stock Selector Mid-Cap Fund (FSSMX)

Fidelity® Small-Cap Growth Fund (FCPGX)

Diversifiers

Fidelity® Leveraged Company Stock Fund (FLVCX)

Fidelity® Event Driven Opportunities Fund (FARNX)






Research all Fidelity domestic equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






A three-step investing strategy


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How to build an investment plan that you can stick with day in and day out to help meet your goals.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





September flows update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Strong flows persisted for U.S. ETP funds in recent months, while international funds saw mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Hunting for tech innovation


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Companies shaping how we live and work tomorrow may be today's best stocks, says our expert.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





An oil recovery play


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If oil prices recover, our fund manager says some chemical companies could benefit.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









International Equity









Benefits of international equity funds


More than half the world's companies reside outside the U.S.
Tap into the growth potential in other parts of the world.
Lower the volatility of your profile through diversification.






Why Fidelity international equity funds


50 years of international asset management experience
$200+ billion in international equity assets
25+ years of experience managing emerging market equities

Why Fidelity for international funds (PDF)











Core International
 Fidelity® International Enhanced Index Fund (FIENX)

Fidelity® International Capital Appreciation Fund (FIVFX)

Fidelity® Total International Equity Fund (FTIEX)

Fidelity® International Discovery Fund (FIGRX)

Fidelity® Diversified International Fund (FDIVX)

Fidelity® Overseas Fund (FOSFX)

Fidelity® International Growth Fund (FIGFX)

Fidelity® International Value Fund (FIVLX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Fund (FISMX)

Fidelity® International Small Cap Opportunities Fund (FSCOX)






Regional & Single Country


Fidelity® China Region Fund (FHKCX)

Fidelity® Emerging Asia Fund (FSEAX)

Fidelity® Emerging Europe, Middle East, Africa Fund (FEMEX)

Fidelity® Europe Fund (FIEUX)

Fidelity® Latin America Fund (FLATX)

Fidelity® Nordic Fund (FNORX)

Fidelity® Pacific Basin Fund (FPBFX)

Fidelity® Canada Fund (FICDX)

Fidelity® Japan Fund (FJPNX)

Fidelity® Japan Smaller Companies Fund (FJSCX)






Global


Fidelity® Worldwide Fund (FWWFX)

Fidelity® Global Equity Income Fund (FGILX)
Emerging Markets

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Fund (FEMKX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Discovery Fund (FEDDX)

Fidelity® Total Emerging Markets Fund (FTEMX)






Research all Fidelity international equity funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Washington watch


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four experts on post-election market moves and policies ahead.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Investing internationally


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Domestic stocks may not always outperform international.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International myths


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Common misconceptions about international investments could be costly.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





International: U.S. may lead


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Consider foreign stocks with U.S. growth exposure—plus select opportunities in Brazil, India, and Europe.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Sectors









Benefits of sector funds


Tactical investment approaches, such as sector rotation strategies
More precise asset allocation
Greater diversification of your portfolio






Why Fidelity sector funds


44 actively managed sector funds
Latest sector research
400+ analysts

Why Invest in Sectors at Fidelity













Consumer Discretionary


Fidelity® Select Consumer Discretionary Portfolio (FSCPX)

Fidelity® Select Automotive Portfolio (FSAVX)

Fidelity® Select Leisure Portfolio (FDLSX)

Fidelity® Select Multimedia Portfolio (FBMPX)

Fidelity® Select Retailing Portfolio (FSRPX)

Fidelity® Select Construction & Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Consumer Staples

Fidelity® Select Consumer Staples Portfolio (FDFAX)
Energy

Fidelity® Select Energy Portfolio (FSENX)

Fidelity® Select Energy Service Portfolio (FSESX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Gas Portfolio (FSNGX)

Fidelity® Select Natural Resources Portfolio (FNARX)
Financials

Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio (FIDSX)

Fidelity® Select Banking Portfolio (FSRBX)

Fidelity® Select Brokerage and Investment Management Portfolio (FSLBX)

Fidelity® Select Consumer Finance Portfolio (FSVLX)

Fidelity® Select Insurance Portfolio (FSPCX)




Health Care

Fidelity® Select Health Care Portfolio (FSPHX)

Fidelity® Select Biotechnology Portfolio (FBIOX)

Fidelity® Select Health Care Services Portfolio (FSHCX)

Fidelity® Select Medical Equipment and Systems Portfolio (FSMEX)

Fidelity® Select Pharmaceuticals Portfolio (FPHAX)
Industrials

Fidelity® Select Industrials Portfolio (FCYIX)

Fidelity® Select Air Transportation Portfolio (FSAIX)

Fidelity® Select Defense and Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX)

Fidelity® Select Environment & Alternative Energy Portfolio (FSLEX)

Fidelity® Select Industrial Equipment Portfolio (FSCGX)

Fidelity® Select Transportation Portfolio (FSRFX)
Information Technology

Fidelity® Select Technology Portfolio (FSPTX)

Fidelity® Select Communications Equipment (FSDCX)

Fidelity® Select Computers Portfolio (FDCPX)

Fidelity® Select Semiconductors Portfolio (FSELX)

Fidelity® Select IT Services Portfolio (FBSOX)

Fidelity® Select Software and IT Services Portfolio (FSCSX)




Materials

Fidelity® Select Materials Portfolio (FSDPX)

Fidelity® Select Chemicals Portfolio (FSCHX)

Fidelity® Select Gold Portfolio (FSAGX)

Fidelity® Global Commodity Stock Fund (FFGCX)
Real Estate

Fidelity® Real Estate Investment Portfolio (FRESX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund (FRXIX)

Fidelity® Real Estate Income Fund (FRIFX)

Fidelity® International Real Estate Fund (FIREX)

Fidelity® Select Construction and Housing Portfolio (FSHOX)
Telecommunications

Fidelity® Select Telecommunications Portfolio (FSTCX)

Fidelity® Select Wireless Portfolio (FWRLX)
Utilities

Fidelity® Select Utilities Portfolio (FSUTX)

Fidelity® Telecom & Utilities Fund (FIUIX)






Research all Fidelity sector funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






ETFs for the 2nd half


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ETF opportunities to consider after recent developments.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





3 tech trends


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Think international tech, machine learning, and cloud computing.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Targeting ETFs


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Two ways the Fidelity ETF screener can help you find investment opportunities that fit your strategy.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Sector winners


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Tech, financials, and industrials were positive, most sectors had mixed results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Fixed Income









Benefits of fixed income funds


Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Liquidity





Why Fidelity fixed income funds

One of the country's largest and most experienced investment organizations
$925+ billion in bond assets1
Over 600 investment professionals located around the world1














Short Duration


Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund (FCONX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FCNVX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Bond Fund (FSHBX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)
Corporate

Fidelity® Corporate Bond Fund (FCBFX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Bond Fund (FJRLX)
Mortgage

Fidelity® Mortgage Securities Fund (FMSFX)

Fidelity® GNMA Fund (FGMNX)
Government

Fidelity® Intermediate Government Income Fund (FSTGX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Government Fund (FFXSX)

Fidelity® Government Income Fund (FGOVX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Fund (FINPX)




Diversified/Opportunistic

Fidelity® Total Bond Fund (FTBFX)

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Bond (FTHRX)

Fidelity®Investment Grade Bond (FBNDX)
International

Fidelity® Global Credit Fund (FGBFX)

Fidelity® New Markets Income Fund (FNMIX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX)
High Yield

Fidelity® High Income Fund (SPHIX)

Fidelity® Short Duration High Income Fund (FSAHX)

Fidelity® Floating Rate High Income Fund (FFRHX)

Fidelity® Focused High Income Fund (FHIFX)

Fidelity® Global High Income Fund (FGHNX) Fidelity® Capital & Income Fund (FAGIX)




Municipal - National

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (FCRDX)

Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (FMNDX)

Fidelity Tax-Free Bond Fund (FTABX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income Fund (FHIGX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Municipal Income Fund (FLTMX)

Fidelity® Limited Term Municipal Income Fund (FSTFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2019 Fund (FMCFX)

Fidelity Municipal Income 2021 Fund (FOCFX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2023 Fund (FCHPX)

Fidelity® Municipal Income 2025 Fund (FIMSX)
Municipal – State

Fidelity Arizona Municipal Income Fund (FSAZX)

Fidelity® California Limited Term Tax-Free Bond Fund (FCSTX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Income Fund (FCTFX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Income Fund (FICNX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Income Fund (FDMMX)

Fidelity Maryland Municipal Income Fund (SMDMX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Income Fund (FMHTX)

Fidelity® Minnesota Municipal Income Fund (FIMIX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Income Fund (FNJHX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Income Fund (FTFMX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Income Fund (FOHFX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Income Fund (FPXTX)






Research all Fidelity fixed income funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Tips for volatility


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       When markets get choppy, it pays to have a plan, and to stick to it.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Mutual fund or ETF?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Key factors to consider before buying include your tax bracket, fees, trading flexibility, and investment style.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Strategies for retirees


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       If you’re nearing or in retirement, make sure your plan is solid—and stay the course, even in volatile markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Perspective on rate changes


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four reasons why bond investors may want to ignore short-term concerns about an interest rate change.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Asset Allocation









Benefits of asset allocation funds


Asset class diversification
Disciplined, ongoing asset allocation
Managed to help meet your needs for income and growth potential





Why Fidelity asset allocation funds

Over 25 years of delivering innovative asset allocation strategies
Professionally-managed strategies provide ongoing diversification through underlying fixed income and equity building blocks
Dedicated research teams provide macroeconomic, quantitative and fundamental insights with broader access to Fidelity's research professionals

Fidelity’s asset allocation philosophy











Target Date

Fidelity Freedom® 2005 Fund (FFFVX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2010 Fund (FFFCX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2015 Fund (FFVFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2020 Fund (FFFDX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2025 Fund (FFTWX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2030 Fund (FFFEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2035 Fund (FFTHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2040 Fund (FFFFX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2045 Fund (FFFGX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2050 Fund (FFFHX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2055 Fund (FDEEX)

Fidelity Freedom® 2060 Fund (FDKVX)

Fidelity Freedom® Income Fund (FFFAX)




Target Risk

Fidelity Asset Manager® 20% (FASIX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 30% (FTANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 40% (FFANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 50% (FASMX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 70% (FASGX)

Fidelity Asset Manager® 85% (FAMRX)

Income and Real Return Strategies

Fidelity® Strategic Income Fund (FSICX)

Fidelity® Strategic Dividend & Income® Fund (FSDIX)

Fidelity® Strategic Real Return Fund (FSRRX)
Balanced Allocation

Fidelity Asset Manager® 60% (FSANX)

Fidelity® Balanced Fund (FBALX)

Fidelity® Global Balanced Fund (FGBLX)

Fidelity® Global Strategies Fund (FDYSX)

Fidelity® Puritan® Fund (FPURX)




Simplicity RMD Funds

Fidelity Simplicity RMD Income Fund (FIRNX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2005 Fund (FIRPX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2010 Fund (FIRRX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2015 Fund (FIRUX)

Fidelity Simplicity RMD 2020 Fund (FIRWX)






Research all Fidelity asset allocation funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Retirement math


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Four key guidelines to help you stay on track on your journey to retirement—your “someday.”
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





How can I make my savings last?


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Limit withdrawals to no more than 4% to 5% in the first year of retirement and adjust for inflation annually.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





6 habits of successful investors


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Planning, consistency, and sound fundamentals can improve results.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Upside to down markets


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are five ways that may help take advantage of falling prices.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Index









Benefits of index funds


Generally lower management fees
Potentially more tax-efficient
Reduced portfolio turnover





Why Fidelity index funds

Nearly 30 years of experience managing index funds
Some of the least expensive index funds in the industry
Funds that track the most widely followed equity and fixed income indexes

Why Fidelity Index Funds











Domestic Stock
Fidelity® 500 Index Fund

Investor Class (FUSEX)
Premium Class (FUSVX)

Fidelity® Extended Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSEMX)
Premium Class (FSEVX)

Fidelity® Mid Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSCLX)
Premium Class (FSCKX)

Fidelity® Small Cap Index Fund

Investor Class (FSSPX)
Premium Class (FSSVX)

Fidelity® U.S. Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FENSX)
Premium Class (FPNSX)

Fidelity® Total Market Index Fund

Investor Class (FSTMX)
Premium Class (FSTVX)

Fidelity® Nasdaq® Composite Index Fund (FNCMX)
Fidelity® Large Cap Growth Index Fund

Investor Class (FSUIX)
Premium Class (FSUPX)

Fidelity® Large Cap Value Index Fund

Investor Class (FLCDX)
Premium Class (FLCHX)





International Stock
Fidelity® International Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIIX)
Premium Class (FSIVX)

Fidelity® Global ex US Index Fund

Investor Class (FSGUX)
Premium Class (FSGDX)

Fidelity® Emerging Markets Index Fund

Investor Class (FPEMX)
Premium Class (FPMAX)

Fidelity® International Sustainability Index Fund

Investor Class (FNIYX)
Premium Class (FNIRX)

Fidelity® Total International Index Fund

Investor Class (FTIGX)
Premium Class (FTIPX)

Speciality
Fidelity® Real Estate Index Fund

Investor Class (FRXIX)
Premium Class (FSRVX)

Fidelity® Four-in-One Index Fund (FFNOX)




Bond
Fidelity® U.S. Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FBIDX)
Premium Class (FSITX)

Fidelity® Short-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSBIX)
Premium Class (FSBAX)

Fidelity® Intermediate Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FIBIX)
Premium Class (FIBAX)

Fidelity® Long-Term Treasury Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FLBIX)
Premium Class (FLBAX)

Fidelity® Inflation-Protected Bond Index Fund

Investor Class (FSIQX)
Premium Class (FSIYX)







Research all Fidelity index funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Active and passive


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How a mix of both approaches can suit an investor’s preferences.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Cost of investing


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Investing costs, including fees charged by funds, erode your returns over time. Here’s what you need to know.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Three myths of index funds


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Learn how actively managed mutual funds can help investors during volatile or down markets.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Shop smart


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Costs can really vary among seemingly similar passive investments such as ETFs and index funds. Learn how.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Money Market









Benefits of money market funds


Short maturities and minimal credit risk
Choice of either U.S. Treasury or government fund as the core position to handle trades and transactions in any type of account
Municipal funds potentially offer tax-exempt income for non-retirement accounts

How Fidelity is staying ahead of regulatory changes




Why Fidelity money market funds

Experience managing $400+ billion in assets for millions of customers1
Emphasis on stability and safety as first priorities for investors' assets
Broad set of choices to suit retirement and non-retirement investing goals

How Fidelity manages money market funds











Treasury and Government Money Market3

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)

Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZCXX)

Fidelity® Government Cash Reserves (FDRXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Class I (FIGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Government Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRGXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Class I (FSIXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Only - Institutional Class (FRSXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I (FISXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Institutional Class (FRBXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market II Portfolio (FRTXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Trust Retirement Government Money Market Portfolio (FGMXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Money Market Fund (FZFXX)

Fidelity® Treasury Only Money Market Fund (FDLXX)




State Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Arizona Municipal Money Market Fund (FSAXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSPXX)

Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSBXX)

Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (FCFXX)

Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund (FCMXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FMSXX)

Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FMAXX)

Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (FDMXX)

Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund (FMIXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSJXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FSKXX)

Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (FNJXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (FSNXX)

Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (FNKXX)

Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund (FNYXX)

Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund (FOMXX)

Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund (FPTXX)




National Municipal Money Market4

Retail Municipal

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Tax Exempt - Class I (FTCXX)

Fidelity® Municipal Money Market Fund (FTEXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market (FMOXX)

Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZEXX)
Prime (General Purpose) Money Market

Retail Prime4

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Class I (FMPXX)

Fidelity® Investments Money Market - Money Market Portfolio - Institutional Class (FNSXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund (SPRXX)

Fidelity® Money Market Fund - Premium Class (FZDXX)
Institutional Prime5

Fidelity® Investments Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – CL I (FDPXX)

Fidelity® Investment Money Market Prime Reserves Portfolio – Institutional Class (FHPXX)






Research all Fidelity money market funds






Fidelity Viewpoints®






Seek more yield on cash


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Here are some ways to potentially boost the income from your cash.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Rising interest rates and you


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Your savings may earn a bit more if the Federal Reserve raises rates—but you may pay more to borrow money too.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





Money market update


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       How Fidelity responded to new U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              





4 ways to earn more on savings


                                          
		                          
			                        
				                       Some savings and investing options offer higher yields than a savings account—with potentially more risk.
	                                        
	                                        
                                           
	                              









Next steps







Explore Fidelity Fund Portfolios










Research all Fidelity Funds










Sign up for free Guest Access












Additional information


Learn more about mutual funds
Fidelity Fund Quarterly Commentary
Fidelity's High Income Capabilities (PDF)















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.







Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.


          * Fidelity's goal is to make financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. With assets under administration of $5.6 trillion, including managed assets of $2.1 trillion as of September 30, 2016, we focus on meeting the unique needs of a diverse set of customers: helping more than 24 million people invest their own life savings, nearly 20,000 businesses manage employee benefit programs, as well as providing nearly 10,000 advisory firms with technology solutions to invest their own clients' money.
	
    

          1. Fidelity Management & Research Company and Fidelity Institutional Asset Management, as of 9/30/16. Data is unaudited. These figures reflect the resources of Fidelity Management & Research Company, a U.S. company, and its subsidiaries. Research professionals include portfolio managers, research analysts and research associates.
	
    

          2. Highly rated funds are defined as those funds that have a 4- or 5-Star Morningstar rating. For each fund, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM metric each month by subtracting the return on a 90-day U.S. Treasury Bill from the fund's load-adjusted return for the same period, and then adjusting this excess return for risk. The top 10% of funds in each broad asset class receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) Although gathered from reliable sources, data completeness and accuracy cannot be guaranteed by Morningstar.
	
    

          3. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. Fidelity's government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.
	
    

          4. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          5. You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


          Foreign securities are subject to interest rate, currency exchange rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.
	
    

The securities of smaller, less well known companies can be more volatile than those of larger companies.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.



Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.



727360.14.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income & Real Return Strategy Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Strategic Funds are multi-asset-class strategies that seek to address key income needs—bond income from global sources, non-bond income from dividend-paying securities, and real return to help protect against inflation—by investing in a diversified mix of fixed income and/or equity investments chosen for their historical combined performance.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income Replacement Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Income Replacement FundsSM combine the power of professional asset management with professionally managed withdrawals to help turn part of your savings into regular monthly payments.*














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Risk Funds
                                                        

                                           








For investors who want a fund that maintains a target asset allocation that reflects the tolerance for risk with which they are comfortable. Funds contain a professionally managed allocation of stocks, bonds, and short-term investments.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Target Date Funds
                                                        

                                           








Fidelity Freedom® Funds, also called target date funds, are all-in-one investment strategies that can help take the guesswork out of building and maintaining an age-based retirement portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Balanced Allocation Funds
                                                        

                                           








World allocation funds invest in a wide range of asset classes, giving the manager the flexibility to pursue investment opportunities anywhere around the globe.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Corporate Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in bonds issued by corporations. The yields and risks are generally higher than those offered by government and most municipal bonds, and the income is subject to state and federal taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversified/Opportunistic Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest across a diverse range of fixed income sectors, including high yield securities, U.S. Government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities and foreign developed market debt. Some funds may also invest a portion of the portfolio in equity securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Government Funds
                                                        

                                           








Government bond funds invest in bonds issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprises, as well as mortgage and other asset-backed securities.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           High Yield Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








High yield bond funds take higher risks with the goal of paying higher yields by investing primarily in securities that are either not rated, or have been rated below investment grade by the major ratings agencies—for taxable funds, BB and below.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Mortgage Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in securities backed by pools of mortgages issued by government agencies, banks, or other financial institutions.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – National Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in municipal bonds issued by various state and local governments. The income from these bonds is generally free from federal taxes, although a portion may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT).














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Municipal – State Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest primarily in municipal bonds issued in a specific state. Each state-specific category includes long, intermediate, and short duration bond funds. The income from all state-specific funds is generally exempt from federal and state taxes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Short Duration Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           








Short duration bond funds can help you manage the impact of interest rate changes on your portfolio. They can also offer higher yields in comparison to cash investments. Our short duration funds have an average duration that's typically less than five years, and offer varying yields and levels of credit risk.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Diversifiers Funds
                                                        

                                           








These specialized strategies pursue specific and sometimes narrower opportunities and can come with a higher potential risk/reward ratio. They are often used as diversifiers within a well-balanced portfolio.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Go-Anywhere Funds
                                                        

                                           








Unconstrained by Morningstar categories, these funds can cast a wider net and have the flexibility to seek the best ideas anywhere in the market—regardless of market capitalization or style. .














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Income-Oriented Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds invest in stocks that pay dividends in line with or higher than the broader market. This strategy, known as equity income investing, can be an attractive alternative to bond investing as it seeks to offer greater protection against inflation as well as potential for capital appreciation.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Large Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Blend Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion. These funds invest in a combination of growth- and value-oriented stocks.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Growth Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values between $2 billion and $10 billion that fund managers believe are poised for growth. Growth can be based on a variety of factors, such as revenue or earnings growth. Growth funds are typically focused on generating capital gains rather than income.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Small/Mid Value Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in companies with market values below $10 billion that fund managers believe are undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mirror the performance of an index such as the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index or the Barclays U.S. 1–5 Year Treasury Bond Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Domestic Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to mimic the performance of a major U.S. equity index, such as the S&P 500 or the Russell 2000 indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           International Stock Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of well-known international equity indexes, such as the FTSE Emerging Index or the MSCI EAFE Index.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Speciality Index Funds
                                                        

                                           








These funds seek to track the performance of a narrow segment of the market such as precious metals. They can also employ a nontraditional investment approach like investing in a fund that tracks both equity and bond indexes.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Core International Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies throughout the world, except for the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Emerging Markets Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on stocks issued by companies based in countries with less developed economies.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Global Funds
                                                        

                                           








Primarily invest in stocks issued by companies around the world, including the U.S.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Regional & Single Country Funds
                                                        

                                           








Focus on a particular country or area of the world, such as Europe, Asia-Pacific, or Latin America.














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           National Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           General Purpose (Prime) Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity general purpose (prime) money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           State Municipal Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Treasury and Government Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           








Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Discretionary Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Consumer Discretionary sector manufacture goods or provide services that people want but, don't necessarily need, such as high-definition televisions, new cars, and family vacations.
Learn about consumer discretionary funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Consumer Staples Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Consumer Staples sector consists of companies that provide goods and services that people use on a daily basis, like food, clothing, or other personal products.
Learn about consumer staples funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Energy Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Energy sector consists of companies involved in the exploration, production, or management of energy resources such as oil, gas, and coal, as well as companies that service these industries.
Learn more about energy funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Financials Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Financials sector are engaged in businesses such as banking and brokerage, mortgage finance, insurance, or real estate development.
Learn more about financials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Health Care Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Health Care sector includes companies engaged in the production and delivery of medicine and health care–related goods and services.
Learn more about health care funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Industrials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Industrials sector includes companies that manufacture and distribute capital goods in support of industries such as aerospace and defense, construction and engineering, and electrical equipment and heavy machinery.
Learn more about industrial funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Information Technology Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Information Technology sector comprises companies that are engaged in the creation, storage, and exchange of digital information.
Learn more about information technology funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Materials Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Materials sector consists of companies that are engaged in the manufacturing or processing of chemicals and plastics, the harvesting of forests, or the extraction of metals and minerals.
Learn more about materials funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Real Estate Funds
                                                        

                                           








Real estate exposure can be obtained through a variety of different types of securities, including common stocks, bonds, preferred stocks, and securities of real estate investment trusts (REITs) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBs).
Learn more about real estate funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Telecommunications Funds
                                                        

                                           








Companies in the Telecommunications sector provide traditional fixed-line telephone, wireless, and data services. These companies can also be engaged in the designing, building, and servicing of communications devices and networks.
Learn more about telecommunications funds














close




                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Utilities Funds
                                                        

                                           








The Utilities sector includes companies that engage in the production and delivery of electric power, natural gas, water, and other utility services, such as steam and cooled air.
Learn more about utilities funds























 










Fund Picks from Fidelity | Fidelity Investments







Loading...















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 
















 You are here: 

Home »
Research »
Mutual Funds »


























Fund Picks From Fidelity®



			You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
			





Every quarter, we screen all funds available through Fidelity, including those managed by other fund companies, to provide you with a list of funds that meet our selection criteria.


Funds have no transaction fees*
Investment profiles are taken into account, including key features and investment minimums
Three-year performance history is tracked
Funds offer highest three-year risk-adjusted returns within Morningstar category








Search Fund Picks
































© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map





















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Mutual funds - Investing in a mutual fund | Vanguard
















































Skip to main content










VANGUARD WEBSITES


Open an account


Forms


Client support


Log on











Search the site or get a quote

















Menu












Investing
 




Investment products
 




Vanguard mutual funds
 










					Learn about mutual funds



					Discover Vanguard's advantages



					Choose your mutual funds



					Decide which type of account



					Open an account in 3 steps







Mutual funds can help lower investing risks
Take some of the anxiety out of investing by letting a mutual fund do a little of the work for you.



EXPLORE ALL OUR MUTUAL FUNDS
Get a complete portfolio in one fund

Review a short list of Vanguard Select Funds™

Browse Vanguard funds by asset class


Give your money a chance to grow



Investing in mutual funds offers benefits you won't get from trading individual stocks and bonds on your own.




Less risk through more diversification
One mutual fund can invest in hundreds—sometimes thousands—of individual securities at once. So if any one security does poorly, the others are there to help offset that risk.
 




Lower costs
With a no-load mutual fund, you pay one (hopefully low) expense ratio—instead of racking up the commissions you'd pay when buying and selling individual securities yourself.
See how low-cost, no-load mutual funds are just the start 

Get details on fees & minimums for Vanguard mutual funds 

 




Professional management
You don't have to keep track of every security your mutual fund owns. The fund is managed by experts who take care of that for you.
 




Convenience
You can buy and sell mutual fund shares online or by phone and set up automatic investments and withdrawals.
 

Consider your mutual fund options








Choosing which Vanguard mutual funds to invest in can be as simple as picking one fund to do the work of an entire portfolio or as customized as building your portfolio from a variety of fund options.
Explore different types of mutual funds 

Get help & advice to narrow your options 

 




Once you've selected your funds, it's easy to open your account online.
See how easy it is to open an account

 





Open your account onlineWe're here to help

If you're new to Vanguard:
Call 800-252-9578
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern time


If you're already a Vanguard client:
Call 800-888-3751
Monday through Friday
		8 a.m. to 10 p.m., Eastern time



INVESTOR EDUCATION

Define your goals & have a plan for achieving them

See how 9 model portfolios have performed in the past
WANT TO LEARN MORE?

Read more about what a mutual fund is

Get more basic mutual fund information





REFERENCE CONTENT




Layer opened.No-load mutual fund







A fund that charges no sales fees either on the front end (when you buy fund shares) or back end (when you sell fund shares).




Return to main page







Layer opened.Expense ratio







A mutual fund's annual operating expenses, expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets. It's calculated annually and removed from the fund's earnings before they're distributed to investors, directly reducing investors' returns.An expense ratio includes management, administrative, marketing, and distribution fees. It doesn't include loads or purchase or redemption fees.




Return to main page








	All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
	Vanguard average expense ratio: 0.12%. Industry average expense ratio: 0.62%. All averages are asset-weighted. Industry averages exclude Vanguard. Sources: Vanguard and Morningstar, Inc., as of December 31, 2016.
	Vanguard provides services to the Vanguard funds and ETFs at cost.










CONNECT WITH US®


Facebook


Google+


YouTube


Mobile app




Twitter


Vanguard Blog


LinkedIn


RSS feeds












Home








My Accounts



Log on





Investing



Investment products
Account types
Rollovers & transfers







Advice & Guidance



Partner with an advisor
Investing goals
Life events
Investor education
Calculators & tools
Tax-filing information
Forms





News & Perspectives



News & views
Market summary
Research
Vanguard Blog













© 1995–2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Vanguard Marketing Corporation, Distributor of the Vanguard Funds.Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of useOpen a new browser window.




Privacy policy




Security




Technical support




Mutual fund prospectuses




ETF (exchange-traded fund) prospectuses




Variable annuity prospectuses




Special notice to non-U.S. investors




Careers




Mobile app




Social media




Vanguard Labs




AdChoices



Feedback


1.0.0-M20170512-01, 17.950.1-M20160122-01






















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































