


Steadymed Therapeutics



















Skip to navigation








Our Leadership
Back to Leadership






Peter D. Noymer, Ph.D.
EVP of Research & Development and CTO

Peter has over 15 years of drug delivery combination product development through to commercialization.  He is responsible for developing and advancing the company's pipeline and leading Product Development and Clinical and Regulatory Affairs.  Previously, he was VP of Product R&D at Alexza Pharmaceuticals, where he worked on several development programs on combination products for novel therapies, including Adasuve®, the first FDA approved inhalable treatment for acute agitation.  Prior to that, he held management positions at Aradigm Corporation and was a Visiting Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University.


 



























    Peter Noymer | SteadyMed Ltd. | ZoomInfo.com 

Peter D. Noymer's involvement in venture capital (via Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc, Aradigm Corp, Steadymed Therapeutics Inc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/183538-peter-d-noymersection=people&subsection=detail&id=183538




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


PeterD. NoymerGet alertedif Peter D. Noymer gets funded!Peter D. NoymerAlexza Pharmaceuticals Inc - VP of Product R&DAradigm Corp - Held Management PositionsSteadymed Therapeutics Inc - EVP of R&D & CTODeals involving Peter D. Noymer$45,000,000 raised with Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc on March, 2014$20,000,000 raised with Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc on July, 2012$1,012,500 raised with Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc on May, 2010$19,720,309 raised with Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc on October, 2009Undisclosed raised with Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc on August, 2009$23,000,000 raised with Aradigm Corp on May, 2016$4,108,777 raised with Aradigm Corp on June, 2010$40,000,000 raised with Steadymed Therapeutics Inc on March, 2015$19,600,000 raised with Steadymed Therapeutics Inc on June, 2014$10,400,000 raised with Steadymed Therapeutics Inc on September, 2012Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Peter D. Noymer on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




Peter D. Noymer - Executive Vice President of Research & Development & Chief Technical Officer at SteadyMed Ltd.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Peter D. Noymer
Executive Vice President of Research & Development & Chief Technical Officer at SteadyMed Ltd.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Peter D. Noymer
Executive Vice President of Research & Development & Chief Technical Officer at SteadyMed Ltd.



 Overview



Age



50
                                  (Born 1967)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 563 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
January 15, 2016





                        Cardiome and SteadyMed's MAA for PAH treatment receives EMA approval                    





PR Newswire
January 6, 2016





                        Cardiome and SteadyMed Announce Decision for Centralized Review of Trevyent® by the European Medicines Agency                    





San Jose Mercury News (California)
August 20, 2014





                        Four newcomers will challenge mayor in the race for town council                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Jonathan M. N. Rigby

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.




Robert Zwolinski

Vice President, Operations at Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.





Marylyn Rigby

Director-Marketing & Business Development at Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.




David W. Nassif

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at SteadyMed Ltd.





Niles A. Fleischer

General Manager-Israeli Region at Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.




Michael Burdick

Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs at Versartis, Inc.





Ella Tenenbaum-Koren

Vice President-Drug Product Development at Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.




Gideon Kahana

Chief Executive Officer at Aespironics Ltd.





Amir Genosar

Chief Executive Officer at AktiVax, Inc.




Carl Hicks, Jr.

Vice President, Pulmonary Hypertension Patient Advocacy & Community Relations-Steadymed Therapeutics LTD at SteadyMed Ltd.







See 553 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 553 More 


 


 Paths to Peter D. Noymer



            Peter D. Noymer          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Peter D. Noymer






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Peter D. Noymer.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                




 


Princeton University

                  Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and in the service of all nations. Chartered in 1746, Princeton is the fourth-oldest college in the United States. Princeton is an independent, coeducational, nondenominational institution that provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering.

As a world-renowned research university, Princeton seeks to achieve the highest levels of distinction in the discovery and transmission of knowledge and understanding. At the same time, Princeton is distinctive among research universities in its commitment to undergraduate teaching.

Today, more than 1,100 faculty members instruct approximately 5,000 undergraduate students and 2,500 graduate students. The University's generous financial aid program ensures that talented students from all economic backgrounds can afford a Princeton education.                





 Career History



Chief Technology Officer, Executive Vice President-Research & Development

                                    2013 - Current                


Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc. develops drug delivery therapeutics devices. The company was founded by Amir Genosar, Ian Solomon and Gideon Kahana in 2005 and is headquartered in San Ramon, CA.                




Executive Vice President of Research & Development & Chief Technical Officer

                                    2013 - Current                


SteadyMed Ltd.


                  SteadyMed Ltd. engages in the research, development, and manufacture of pharmaceutical products through the PatchPump technology. Its portfolio includes Trevyent for pulmonary arterial hypertension and At Home Patient Analgesia for post-surgical pains. The company was founded on June 15, 2005 and is headquartered in Rehovot, Israel.                




Vice President, Product Research & Development

                                    2006 - Prior                


Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc.


                  Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company, which is focused on the research, development and commercialization of novel proprietary products for the acute treatment of central nervous system conditions. Its product candidates are AZ-002 and AZ-007. The company was founded by Alejandro C. Zaffaroni on December 19, 2000 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                




Director-Systems Engineering

                                    1999 - 2006                


Aradigm Corp.


                  Aradigm Corp. is a pharmaceutical company, which focuses on the development and commercialization of drugs delivered by inhalation for the prevention and treatment of severe respiratory diseases by pulmonologists. Aradigm was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Hayward, CA.                




Professor

                                    Prior                


Carnegie Mellon University


                  Carnegie Mellon University challenges the curious and passionate to imagine and deliver work that matters. A private, global research university, Carnegie Mellon stands among the world's most renowned educational institutions, and sets its own course.With cutting-edge brain science, path-breaking performances, innovative start-ups, driverless cars, big data, big ambitions, Nobel and Turing prizes, hands-on learning, and a whole lot of robots, CMU doesn't imagine the future, they create it.                





 Other Affiliations




              Peter D. Noymer is affiliated with
                            Steadymed Therapeutics, Inc., SteadyMed Ltd., Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc., Aradigm Corp., Carnegie Mellon University.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Alexza Pharmaceuticals Inc Promotes Peter D Noymer PhD to Vice President Product RD













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Promotes Peter D. Noymer, PhD to Vice President, Product R&D  











Tweet








3/2/2009 12:00:04 PM


MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., March 2 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  announced today that Peter D. Noymer, PhD has been promoted to Vice President, Product Research & Development.  In this new position, he will have oversight responsibilities for device engineering, product development and pharmaceutical development for Alexza's technology programs.Dr. Noymer joined Alexza in 2006 and was most recently Senior Director, Product Research & Development.  From 1999 to 2006, Dr. Noymer held various management positions at Aradigm Corporation, developing drug delivery combination products for both inhalation and injection.  Prior to joining Aradigm, he held an appointment as Visiting Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon University, as well as various engineering positions at General Electric.  Dr. Noymer received MS and PhD degrees in mechanical engineering from MIT, and a BS degree in mechanical & aerospace engineering from Princeton University."We are very pleased to announce Peter's promotion and welcome him to our management team," said James V. Cassella, PhD, Senior Vice President, Research & Development.  "Peter and the Product R&D team have made significant contributions to Alexza's technology base and product pipeline, and we look forward to leveraging his leadership and experience in product development as Alexza moves rapidly toward commercialization of its products."About Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Alexza Pharmaceuticals is an emerging specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel, proprietary products for the treatment of acute and intermittent conditions.  The Company's technology, the Staccato(R) system, vaporizes unformulated drug to form a condensation aerosol that allows rapid systemic drug delivery through deep lung inhalation.  The drug is quickly absorbed through the lungs into the bloodstream, providing speed of therapeutic onset that is comparable to intravenous administration, but with greater ease, patient comfort and convenience.  Alexza's lead program is AZ-004 (Staccato loxapine) and is being developed for the acute treatment of agitation in schizophrenic or bipolar disorder patients.  Alexza has completed and announced positive results from both of its AZ-004 Phase 3 clinical trials, and is projecting a New Drug Application submission in early 2010.  The Company has completed an end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA for AZ-001 (Staccato prochlorperazine), and it has advanced AZ-104 (Staccato loxapine) into Phase 2b testing, both product candidates being developed for the acute treatment of migraine headache.  AZ-002 (Staccato alprazolam) has completed Phase 1 testing and a Phase 2a proof-of-concept clinical trial.  Product candidates that have completed Phase 1 testing are AZ-003 (Staccato fentanyl) for the treatment of breakthrough pain and AZ-007 (Staccato zaleplon) for the treatment of insomnia.  More information, including this and past press releases from Alexza, is available online at www.alexza.com.Safe Harbor StatementThis press release includes forward-looking statements regarding the development and potential commercialization of the Company's product candidates.  Any statement describing a product candidate or Alexza's goals, expectations or beliefs is a forward-looking statement, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and should be considered an at-risk statement.  Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, particularly those inherent in the process of developing and commercializing drugs.  The Company's forward-looking statements also involve assumptions that, if they prove incorrect, would cause its results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  These and other risks concerning Alexza's business are described in additional detail in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and the Company's other Periodic and Current Reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are made as of this date, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.CONTACT:  Thomas B. King, President & CEO of Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,+1-650-944-7634, tking@alexza.com Web site:  http://www.alexza.com/ 






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Cuts Jobs, Has Sufficient Cash Till Q2 2010  Pearl Therapeutics Appoints Perry Karsen as Chief Executive Officer  Endo Pharmaceuticals (ENDP) and Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Conclude Research Collaboration  Proteolix, Inc. Announces the Appointment of John Scarlett, M.D., President and CEO  Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Initiates AZ-104 (Staccato(R) Loxapine) Phase 2b Clinical Trial in Patients With Migraine Headaches  Genocea Biosciences Closes $23 Million Series A Financing, Names Vaccine Veteran Staph Leavenworth Bakali CEO  Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Says Trial for Acute Agitation Meets Goal  Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) CEO Declines Merit Raise  Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXA) Completes Enrollment in Second Phase 3 Clinical Trial With AZ-004 (Staccato(R) Loxapine) for Acute Agitation  Mylan Inc. (MYL) Announces Transition of Chief Financial Officer  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Peter Noymer | Alexza Pharmaceuticals | Email VP Product R/D | @alexza.com | Phone: 650-944-7000








































 









 



  Business Card for Peter Noymer:


  Peter Noymer
 VP Product R/D
Mountain View, CA area 





Alexza Pharmaceuticals 
 
                  2091 Stierlin Ct                  

Mountain View, CA 94043  

                  Tel: (650) 944-7000 

www.alexza.com
 Last updated on 2017-01-19 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Peter Noymer:

Peter Noymer  works as an VP Product R/D for Alexza Pharmaceuticals at Mountain View, CA.  The company's webpage is http://www.alexza.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for VP Product R/D and other executives of Alexza Pharmaceuticals at Mountain View, CA, check
                  Alexza Pharmaceuticals                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Peter Noymer you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Peter Noymer. 

 Peter Noymer's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Peter Noymer's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Peter Noymer's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 27, 2017, Peter Noymer has
                43                co-workers under the company name
                Alexza Pharmaceuticals                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Alexza Pharmaceuticals:

                    Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Alexza) is a pharmaceutical company focused on the research, development and commercialization of products for the acute treatment of central nervous system (CNS) conditions. Alexza?s product candidates are based on its technology, the Staccato system. The Staccato system vaporizes an excipient-free drug to form a condensation aerosol that, when inhaled, allows for systemic drug delivery. As of December 31, 2011, the Company had screened more than 400 drug compounds, identifying approximately 200 drug compounds that demonstrate initial vaporization. The Company's product candidate is ADASUVE (Staccato loxapine). The Company's other product candidates in active development are AZ-007 (Staccato zaleplon) and Staccato nicotine. the Company's product candidates no......      (Source: SEC reports)  

Company News:
2016-07-21 15:35:28Delisting of Securities of Alexza Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from The Nasdaq Stock Market2016-07-19 20:29:07Alexza Pharmaceuticals to be Acquired by Ferrer2016-07-19 20:29:07Alexza to Cancel 2016 First Quarter Financial Results Earnings Call 
 
People in the same industry:

Jessica BaronsDirector, Business DevelopmentRho, Inc.Raymond UrsickChief Regulatory OfficerBioEnterprise CorporationSamuel WhitakerFounder and Board MemberGreenphire LLCDavid GrahamVP ,Program & Alliance ManagementAVEO Oncology, Inc.Art BlumSenior DirectorBioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.Kevin McDermottVP ,Managed MarketsDaiichi Sankyo Company, INC 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.















 


