

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Kansas Company Search - Crushed and Broken Limestone - Page 1









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



Kansas



Mining and Quarrying of Nonmetallic Minerals, Except Fuels



Crushed and Broken Limestone



                            Crushed and Broken Limestone
                                    



 



















Kansas Crushed And Broken Limestone Business Directory


            your search returned 19 results      

1
2








V




VOLUBILIS FOOD INC.


407 BROOKSIDE RD  WATERBURY, CT 06708



view profile








get credit report






N




                        N. R. HAMM QUARRY, INC.

                                            

1731 UNION RD  CHAPMAN, KS 67431



view profile








get credit report






W




                        WALKER STONE CO INC

                                            

CHAPMAN, KS 67431



view profile








get credit report






W




                        Wade Agricultural Products, Inc.

                                            

23202 E 2400 Rd  La Cygne, KS 66040



view profile








get credit report






A




                        ASH GROVE AGGREGATES, INC.

                                            

24605 YOUNG RD  LACYGNE, KS 66040



view profile








get credit report






M




                        Midwest Minerals, Inc.

                                            

709 N Locust St  Pittsburg, KS 66762



view profile








get credit report






M




                        Mulberry Limestone Quarry Co

                                            

325 N 260th St  Mulberry, KS 66756



view profile








get credit report






B




                        B F R Rock Quarry Inc

                                            

105 Su Terra Dr  Atchison, KS 66002



view profile








get credit report






O




                        O'DONNELL QUARRIES, LLC

                                            

SHAWNEE MISSION, KS 66203



view profile








get credit report






J




                        Johnson County Aggregates Shop

                                            

23555 W 151st St  Olathe, KS 66061



view profile








get credit report






N




                        Nelson Quarries Inc

                                            

1307 2000 St  GAS, KS 66742



view profile








get credit report






            your search returned 19 results      

1
2


 




























Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Hamm Quarry, LLC, N. R. - Chapman, KS 67431 - Rock




































 

FIND ASUPPLIER
GET AQUOTE
EXPANSIONRELOCATION
INDUSTRYNETBLOG
ABOUTINDUSTRYNET
MARKETINGSOLUTIONS
 








IndustryNet Account
For Buyers:

View Search History and Save Searches
Save Supplier Listings and Add Notes
Save and Review RFQs / RFIs / RFPs

For Suppliers:

Update Your Listing Information
Upgrade Your Listing or Add Categories
View and Respond to Leads








 Keep me logged inForgot?







Don't have an account? Create a FREE account now!







•Account Dashboard
•Manage Listings


•Update Account Info
•Update Password



•Saved Searches
•Search History


•Saved Companies
•Viewed Companies


•Supplier Notes
•Sent Communications



•Received Inquiries
•Received Quote Requests



•Sales Leads
•Mailing Lists


•Email Marketing
•MNI

















 


FIND ASUPPLIER
 
GET AQUOTE
 
EXPANSIONRELOCATION
 
INDUSTRYNETBLOG
 
ABOUTINDUSTRYNET
 
MARKETINGSOLUTIONS



 

 

 

 

 









      





      




































Hamm Quarry, LLC, N. R.
                        

Location Information


Physical Address:
                                1731 Union Rd.
                                Chapman, KS 67431


Mailing Address:
                                1731 Union Rd
                                Chapman, KS 67431-9309


Contact Information



Phone:



                                    785-257-XXXX (click to view)


                                    785-257-3370




Product & Service Information



Capabilities:


ROCK



Map & Driving Directions

Create a FREE account or log in to existing account to view map & satellite images.



                            Driving direction from:  



Supplier Notes


 



 



























Is this your business? Claim this listing for FREE to update your info, logo, & more! (Video)
                        
                    Get found! Upgrade your listing to move up in the search results and receive buyer inquiries.
                    
                



SIC Code:


(1429) Crushed and broken stone




NAICS Code:


(212319) Other Crushed and Broken Stone Mining and Quarrying




Related Searches:


Companies Starting with "H"
Companies Starting with "HAM"




Other Suppliers:


WWD Corp. (Drain, OR)

Bucklen Equipment (Greeley, CO)

Hanson Aggregates (Clayton, CA)

Asphalt Paving Supply (Prescott Valley, AZ)

APAC-Arkansas, Inc., McClinton-Anchor Div. (Valley Springs, AR)

Woods Crushing & Hauling, Inc. (Sandpoint, ID)




 
 







 
A service of
 
Member of
 
Sponsor of
 

 

 

 

 

 






• Find a Supplier
• About IndustryNet















• Get a Quote
• Buyer Reviews


• Expansion & Relocation Guide
• Marketing Solutions


• IndustryNet Blog
• Add or Upgrade Listing


• ISO Standards & Certifications
• Link to IndustryNet


• Browse All Categories
• Contact IndustryNet


• Browse All Companies
• Legal Information


© 2017 MNI


















N R Hamm Quarry, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:11 PM ET
Construction Materials

Company Overview of N R Hamm Quarry, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
N R Hamm Quarry, Inc. engages in the mining and quarrying of crushed and broken limestone. The company was founded in 1954 and is based in Perry, Kansas.


609 Perry PalacePerry, KS 66073United StatesFounded in 1954



Phone: 785-597-5111

Fax: 785-597-5117








Key Executives for N R Hamm Quarry, Inc.


N R Hamm Quarry, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3north LLC United States A & A Ready Mixed Concrete Inc. United States A Materials Group, Inc. United States A Mining Group, LLC United States A&A Stepping Stone Mfg., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact N R Hamm Quarry, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Hamm | Hamm | Construction, Asphalt, Landfill, Quarry















Hamm Aggregates. Redefined.
A Midwest leader in Highway Construction, Aggregates, and Waste Services.









Our portfolio of products and services includes highway construction, mining, and waste services. We currently have projects in Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska. Hamm brings a combination of quality products, strategic locations, knowledgeable staff, competitive pricing, and customer commitment to every project. Our headquarters is located in Perry, Kansas and we employ 250 employees.



 


 


Quarry
Hamm Quarry, based in Perry, Kansas, provides quality finished limestone products that are required by the Kansas economy. For over 70 years, Hamm Quarry has been a reliable producer of construction aggregates used in concrete, asphalt paving, foundations for building pads and homes as well as used to cover miles of county and township roads.
Hamm Quarry is a member of the Kansas Aggregate Producers Association (KAPA) and the National Stone, Sand and Gravel Association (NSSGA).
More about Hamm quarry
 




 


Construction
Hamm, Inc. has been providing quality construction services since the early 1950’s.  From small culvert replacement jobs to complex highway interchange projects, we have completed projects for cities, counties, and State agencies all over Eastern Kansas.   Our experienced teams of project personnel and our extensive construction equipment fleet are well-positioned to handle grading projects of any size.
More about Hamm construction
 




 


Asphalt
Hamm Asphalt provides hot mix asphalt and asphalt milling for cities, counties, states, Kansas Turnpike and the private sector.  Our location of operation is in N.E. Kansas which includes the Topeka and Lawrence areas.  We produce and lay hot mix asphalt and mill asphalt pavements for all types of projects.  This includes highways, county roads, city streets and private work such as parking lots and driveways.
More about Hamm asphalt
 




 


Landfill
Hamm Sanitary Landfill has been providing safe and responsible waste disposal services to communities in Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska for over 25 years.  Our local staff and frontline workforce ensure that our operations are professionally managed and are compliant with local, state, and federal regulations.
More about Hamm landfill
 















 







BBB Business Profile | N R Hamm Quarry Inc | Accreditation



























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Sand & Gravel
 > 
N R Hamm Quarry Inc














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








N R Hamm Quarry Inc



Submit a Review

































N R Hamm Quarry Inc






            Business Information
        






(785) 842-3236

N R Hamm Quarry Inc
16 years in business

        16920 3rd St
        Lawrence, KS 66044-8300
    








Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/14/2010
            

                Business Started: 01/01/2001







            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Nr Hamm, Owner
                





            Business Category
        


                Sand & Gravel
            








 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















N R Hamm Quarry Inc






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                N R Hamm Quarry Inc
            










NR




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 

















BBB Serving Nebraska, South Dakota, Kansas Plains & SW Iowa




























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/20/17


Brides Angry About Alfred Angelo Bridal Chain Abruptly Closing



06/21/17


DealCrunch Reports: Since 1912, BBB Has Helped Brands Build Solid Reputations by Concentrating on Customer Trust



06/12/17


BBB Advises CWS Fans: Be Smart When Buying Tickets Online, Scammers Are Looking To Strike You Out!



05/30/17


BBB Warns Consumers about Ron’s Auto Sales Online Scam



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    












Add Trust to Your Brand With BBB
Learn More »







File a Complaint
Start Now »







 Major Sponsors








Integrity Awards/Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Integrity Awards Sponsor







2016 BBB Foundation Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsors







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Integrity Awards Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Integrity Awards Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Integrity Awards Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Integrity Awards Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor







Secure Your ID Day Sponsor























 
NOTE: This notice shows only in the EPI server. Below this, is the script for the clickable AB Directory. Please do not delete this section.



 























 
































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.













































 







Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated et al v. N.R. Hamm Quarry, LLC































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










April 27, 2012
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated et al v. N.R. Hamm Quarry, LLC



Track this case


Case Number:
3:12-cv-02127
Court:
California Northern
Nature of Suit:
Contract: Other
Judge:
Jeffrey S. White
Firms

Girard Gibbs
O'Melveny & Myers

Companies

Bank of America Corporation

Sectors & Industries:


Financial

Money Center Banks










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















N R Hamm Quarry Inc -  - 7858423236, (785)842-3236 - MoreOpp.com




















Add Company

Add (Buy/Sale/Service)






Kansas
N R Hamm Quarry Inc

Home > Kansas > N R Hamm Quarry Inc


ContactDescription



N R Hamm Quarry Inc



Phone:
7858423236, (785)842-3236


Contact:

Contact Person Title:

Contact Person Gender:

Telephone:
7858423236, (785)842-3236
Fax:
-
Web:
-

[Add Company] [Request Update] [Request Remove]




Share this Company













DescriptionContact





Country:
United States
State:
KS - Kansas
County:
Douglas
City:
Lawrence
Address:
16920 3rd St
ZIP Code:
66044-8300 (66044)


Company Name:
N R Hamm Quarry Inc
Brief Description:
N R Hamm Quarry Inc is a Quarries company, located in Lawrence, Douglas, Kansas, U.S.
SIC Code - Business Types:
144201 - Quarries
Number of Employees:
20 Persons









Previous:Independent Salt Co
Next:Nelson Quarries Inc











Converg Media
Converg Media LLC (est. 2006) is a successful result of a Venture Capitalist and Internet Incubator who is also based in the Kansas City area.  Converg is the digital public relations side of NetraCorp and  utilizes the Mini Maid of Johnson County
A clean home can go a long way in helping to reduce stress and making people happier. Unfortunately, it is difficult to feel inspired to do housework after a hard day of work. Mini Maid of Johnson County offers a professIndustrial Bar stool
We at industrialbarstool.com provides subtle quality industrial modern furniture for sale in the USA. Our products includes bar stools, cabinets , industrial chairs, desk & tables. Contact us at 800 477 - 5638 for mo 


Related companies

Independent Salt Co
Independent Salt Co is a Salt Miners company, located in Kanopolis, Ellsworth, Kansas, U.S.State Line Quarries
State Line Quarries is a Quarries company, located in Kensington, Smith, Kansas, U.S.H J Born Stone Co
H J Born Stone Co is a Quarries company, located in Arkansas City, Cowley, Kansas, U.S.D D Exploration LLC
D D Exploration LLC is a Nonmetallic Mineral Services company, located in Dodge City, Ford, Kansas, U.S.Bromley Quarry & Asphalt Inc
Bromley Quarry & Asphalt Inc is a Quarries company, located in Atchison, Atchison, Kansas, U.S. 





Buyer
Alaska
Alabama
Arkansas
Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Iowa
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Maryland
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Mississippi
Montana



North Carolina
North Dakota
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Vermont
Washington
Wisconsin
West Virginia
Wyoming






















FindTheData | A Research Engine









			This site is no longer available.
		We are sorry for the inconvenience.
		










						 
					





						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 


