


























Welcome | NRG Energy



















Welcome to NRG

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com














For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




Welcome to NRG.com






The next generation
The El Segundo natural gas Energy Center now makes more energy with less fuel.


Learn more







Solar delivered
Renewable energy is a great concept and an even better reality. See how our partnership with Cisco took hold. 

Learn more







Nearly 3 million electricity customers
Our retail electricity providers have a plan for every budget and lifestyle. 

Learn more 







Driving business forward
To remain one of the most advanced healthcare institutions in the nation, Princeton HealthCare System needed a new facility. 

Learn more










What we do


Diverse
        generation
Owning the nation's largest and most diverse competitive power generation portfolio allows us to meet the demands of a dynamic market today while innovating for tomorrow.
Learn more


  





Innovative
        business solutions
Using deep industry experience and a highly customized approach, we empower our customers to implement reliable and cost-effective energy solutions.
Learn more


  





Leading residential
        products and services
We're pioneering smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service with a broad range of power solutions for nearly 3 million customers.
Learn more


  





Making renewables
        happen
As renewable energy takes hold, so does the range of renewable solutions our teams are putting in place. 
        Let's explore the possibilities.
Learn more


  







What's new



A leader in decarbonization
NRG and our partners completed construction on the world's largest post-combustion carbon capture system on-budget and on-schedule.
Learn more

 

 



Reshaping the future
The NRG COSIA Carbon XPRIZE is offering $20 million to the innovators around the world who can best expedite carbon conversion technologies.
See how









2016 Sustainability Report
Get a glimpse of our progress toward a more sustainable energy future and download the full 2016 Sustainability Report.
Take a look




 



Renewable formula
Wind energy partnership helps Dow Chemical reach clean-power target years ahead of schedule.
Learn more













Back to Top


























Who We Are | About | NRG Energy
















Company Overview

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com
















For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




Company Overview
NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of the nation's largest and most diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform.
A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best in class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers, large and small, we continually innovate, embrace and implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy.
We aim to be pioneers in developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost 3 million residential and commercial customers throughout the country.
In addition, we actively contribute to the local communities where NRG employees live and work. Since 2004, our positiveNRG program has provided millions of dollars to organizations and charities that have a direct impact on the lives of the people in our communities, including food banks and those that foster self-sufficiency, improve housing and provide supplemental education to people in need. NRG has also organized special responses for victims of extreme catastrophe, such as the Haitian earthquake and the Japanese tsunami in 2010. Employee donations were tripled to maximize the contributions.
NRG has won numerous awards for industry leadership and many of its nationwide econrg initiatives, which are targeted toward meeting the challenges of climate change, clean air and natural resources protection.

Learn more about our residential electricity services








Share this







Back to Top





























Contact Information | NRG Energy
















Contact Us

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com















For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




Contact Us
We want to hear from you. Our headquarters are located in Princeton, NJ, and Houston, TX. Specific contacts for our headquarters, media relations, investor relations and customer service are listed below. 




Are you an Investor?
Our investor relations team is committed to providing timely and useful information to current and potential investors.
Contact Our Investor Relations Team







Headquarters

Princeton Headquarters
NRG Energy, Inc.
    804 Carnegie Center¹
    Princeton, NJ 08540-6213
    
Phone: 609-524-4500
      Fax: 609-524-4501
¹If using with GPS, please ensure you route to the intersection of U.S. Route 1 and Carnegie Center Blvd

Houston Headquarters
NRG Energy, Inc.
    1201 Fannin Street
    Houston, TX 77002
    
Phone: 713-537-3000





Customer Service


Reliant Energy
Call: 1-866-222-7100
      Available 24/7
NRG Residential
Call: 1-855-500-8703
      Monday – Friday: 8AM-8PM EST
      Saturday: 9AM-1PM EST
NRG Home Services
Call: 1-855-457-5700
      Monday – Friday:  7AM-8PM CST
      Saturday: 8AM-7PM CST
      Sunday: 10AM-6PM CST 


 


Business
Call: 877-297-3780

Goal Zero
Call: 1-888-794-6250
      Monday – Friday: 8AM-5PM MT
NRG Home Solar
Call: 1-888-432-6741





Media Relations


Marijke Shugrue
Corporate,
      Business Solutions
      Phone: 609-524-5262
David Knox
NRG Gulf Coast Region,
NRG West Region, Nuclear,
NRG Energy Services, Carbon Capture
      Phone: 832-357-5730
David Gaier
NRG East Region,
NRG Thermal (CoGen/CHP)
      Phone: 609-524-4529


 


Pat Hammond
Retail, Reliant
      Phone: 713-537-2157
David Schrader
Retail, NRG East Residential Solar
      Phone: 267-295-5768
Erik Linden
Renewable Energy
      Phone: 609-524-4519












Share this







Back to Top







Need to verify employment or income?

Go to the Work Number
Enter Employer Code 12331




























Residential | NRG Energy
















NRG Residential

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com














For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




 


Residential
From electricity service to electric vehicle charging, rooftop solar to home maintenance, NRG has all of your home energy needs covered. Everyone's electricity needs are different, and we're here to help you make the best choices for your home.










Electricity providers
Browse our diverse portfolio of electricity providers to find a solution for your home's specific needs.
Learn more




 



Solar
Let Mother Nature's big star bring energy straight to your home.
Learn more









Power on the go
Find dozens of portable options to keep your mobile phone, outdoor equipment and much more charged whenever and wherever you need power.
Learn more











Back to Top




























Company | NRG Energy
















Company

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com














For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




 


The Power of NRG
NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of the nation's largest and most diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform.
Learn more










Investors
A Fortune 500 and S&P 500 Index company, NRG is a pioneer in developing  smarter, cleaner and more efficient choices for our customers.
Learn more 



 



Our leadership
Get introduced to the bright minds shaping the success of NRG.
Meet the Team








Careers
Do you have what it takes to help power the smart energy future? Over 10,000 NRG employees help power 42 million homes and nearly 3 million residential and business customers across the country each year. All that's missing is you.
Join NRG








Community
Our culture of giving supports many local charities, communities and ecosystems.
Learn more



 



Stories
Explore the stories, insights and actions that are powering our smart energy future.
Read stories










Back to Top


























Business | NRG Energy
















NRG Business

Skip to main navigation
Skip to content








Close
Open



Skip to Secondary Navigation




NRG.com














For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.




 


Business
We're an energy provider and an energy partner – with a flexible mindset and wide-ranging energy portfolio to customize the right approach for every business, including yours.
Get a quote










Large Businesses
Discover our diverse portfolio of energy solutions and the range of manufacturers, retailers, healthcare leaders, universities and communities benefiting from them.
Learn More




 



Small Businesses
The right energy plan, delivered affordably and seamlessly, can help small businesses of all types achieve their goals.
Learn More









Sustainable Energy Advisory
Our advisory team's expertise and diligence leads to energy solutions uniquely suited to each customer's business.
Learn More








Energy Expanding
A recent Harvard Business Review panel underscored energy’s rising profile among C-Suite execs and the growing impact of the solutions that follow.
Session Replay and Summary 




 



A Range of Solutionsfor Healthcare
Our diverse portfolio of energy solutions is helping a variety of healthcare providers put their energy where it belongs.
Download PDF











Back to Top






















Overview | Investors | NRGNRG EnergySkip to main navigationSkip to contentCloseOpenSkip to Secondary NavigationNRG.com For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. OverviewWebcastQ2 2017 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference Call (Live)08/03/17 at 8:00 a.m. ET
NRG (Common Stock)
			  ExchangeNYSE (US Dollar)Price$24.49Change (%)  0.38 (1.58%)Volume8,096,606Data as of 07/21/17 4:05 p.m. ETRefresh quote 
               NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of the nation’s largest and most diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best in class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers, large and small, we continually innovate, embrace and implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy. We aim to be pioneers in developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost 3 million residential and commercial customers throughout the country.            

Project List

Featured Reports



Letter to Shareholders




2016 Annual Report




2017 Proxy Statement

Recent News ReleasesDateTitle 07/20/17NRG Energy, Inc. Announces Quarterly DividendPRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 20, 2017--
      NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NRG) today announced that its Board of Directors
      declared a quarterly dividend on the Company’s common stock of $0.03 per
      share, or $0.12 per share on an annualized basis. The dividend is
      payable on August 15, 2017 to stockholders of record as of August 1,
      2017.
    

      About NRG
    

      NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the
      strength of ... 07/17/17NRG Energy, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3, 2017PRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 17, 2017--
      NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NRG) plans to report its Second Quarter 2017
      financial results on Thursday, August 3, 2017. Management will present
      the results during a conference call and webcast at 8:00 a.m. Eastern.
    

      A live webcast of the conference call, including presentation materials,
      can be accessed through NRG’s website at http://www.nrg.com
      and clicking on “Webcasts & Presentations” under the ... 07/12/17NRG Energy Launches Transformation PlanPRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 12, 2017--
      NRG Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NRG) today announced its “Transformation Plan.”
    

      The Transformation Plan Targets:
    

      
        $1.065 Billion Recurring Cost and Margin Improvements, including:

        
          
            $855 Million Recurring Annual Free Cash Flow before Growth (FCFbG)
            Accretive Improvements
          
          
            $210 Million Permanent SG&A Reduction from Asset Sa... MoreUpcoming and Recent Presentations


Q2 2017 NRG Energy, Inc. Earnings Conference CallThursday, August 3, 2017 8:00 a.m. ETNRG Transformation PlanWednesday, July 12, 2017 8:30 a.m. ETSupporting MaterialsNRG Transformation Plan Press ReleaseNRG Transformation Plan PresentationGenOn Restructuring Update, June 14, 2017Wednesday, June 14, 2017Supporting MaterialsGenOn Restructuring Update, June 14, 2017MoreData provided by Nasdaq.  Minimum 15 minutes delayed. View Attributions and SourcesBack to Top

NRG El Segundo Operations Inc.                                                                                           - El Segundo                                        , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



El Segundo



Electric Services



Electric Services



                            NRG El Segundo Operations Inc.
                                    



 





















N 


NRG El Segundo Operations Inc.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



301 VISTA DEL MAR EL SEGUNDO, CA 90245
Get Directions



(310) 615-6344
 





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $28,663,479.00
 Employee Count 65
 Industries Electric Services
 Contacts John Ragan                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Nrg El Segundo Operations Inc.                                                                                           was founded in 1998, and is located at 301 Vista Del Mar in El Segundo. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting John Ragan                                                                                                               at (310) 615-6344. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















NRG El Segundo Operations Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























nrg el segundo operations inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Utility Networks
NRG El Segundo Operations Inc. provides utility services. The Company offer generation, transmission, and distribution of electric energy. NRG El Segundo Operations serves residential and commercial sectors in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

804 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540-6213
United States


Phone:
1-609-524-4500


Fax:
1-609-524-4501


Web url:
www.nrgenergy.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




Nrg El Segundo Operations Inc in El Segundo, California with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeEl Segundo, CANrg El Segundo Operations IncEl Segundo, CA Nrg El Segundo Operations IncAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection1. Nrg Power Inc3011 S Shannon StSanta Ana, CA 92704(714) 424-6484Electric CompaniesElectriciansWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection2. Green NRG(2)20335 Ventura BlvdWoodland Hills, CA 91364(855) 272-8838Solar Energy Research & DevelopmentWebsiteThey did an excellent job installing our solar panels. The workers were professional and pleasant. The price was good and the entire process went ex…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection3. Con Operated Laundry3978 S Figueroa StLos Angeles, CA 90037(213) 749-3308Uniform Supply ServiceLaundromatsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Coin Operated Laundry4758 Lankershim BlvdNorth Hollywood, CA 91602(818) 509-8451LaundromatsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Launderland Coin Operated1060 W La Palma AveAnaheim, CA 92801(714) 776-8863Coin Operated Washers & DryersAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. A-1 Coin Operated Laundry Svc - CLOSED8536 Hamilton AveHuntington Beach, CA 92646(714) 842-8045LaundromatsDry Cleaners & LaundriesSponsored LinksShowing1-6
of 6resultsMap ViewSponsoredSolarMax Technology Inc.Riverside, CA 92507(888) 287-9452We Make Solar Energy EasyWebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Case Settlement: NRG El Segundo Operations, Inc. Settlement


















Skip to Main Content



About ARB | Calendars | A-Z Index | Contact Us






Statewide search: 








Google

Advanced





















Home
Reducing Air Pollution


Overview
Understanding Air Pollution?
ARB Board Meetings
About the Board, meeting agendas and history, how to get involved
Planning 
Implementation plans, transportation, research, planning, etc. 


Rulemaking - Formal Activity
All formal regulation documents, how to send comments, etc.
Programs
Top level ARB Programs
Research
Portal to research relevant activities


What You Can Do
50 things you can do, and more
Progress
History of the Air Resources Board



Air Quality


Overview
Portal web pages for Air Quality & Emissions

Air Quality Monitoring Network
Monitoring activities and sites, Quality Assurance activities, etc.
Air Quality Now
AQMIS: Real-time Air Quality & Meteorological Data


Standards & Area Designations
Current standards, Standards under review, and area designations
Emission Inventories
Criteria pollutants, green house gas emissions, and toxics
Air Quality Statistics
ADAM: Official Air Quality & Data Statistics


Air Quality Studies
AQ and Climate Change Studies co-sponsored by ARB





Business Assistance


Overview
Business Assistance Orientation

Permit Assistance
Permits, certifications, exemptions, registrations, etc.
Financial Assistance
Grants, incentives, credits, etc.


Laws & Regulations
Statutes, State & Local Regs., Test Methods, Executive Orders, etc.
Ombudsman
Your advocate



Training
Training classes, purpose, information, etc.






Laws & Regulations


Overview

Administrative Hearings
Policies & procedures




CA Air Pollution Control Regs
ARB's regulatory portal-Titles 13 & 17

Air Quality Legislation
Annual legislative
                          summaries



District
                          Rules Database
Stationary Source Rules and Regs

Enforcement Program
Mobile and stationary
                          sources, hearings, etc.

Test Methods / Procedures
Air Monitoring, Consumer
                          Products, Fuels, Stationary & Mobile Sources

Executive Orders
ARB-issued Executive
                          Orders



Federal Clean Air Act
Forms the basis for the
                          national air pollution control effort

Rulemaking - Formal Activity
Board hearing documents
                          since 1994


Current
                          Litigation 
Lawsuits to which ARB is
                          a Party

Gifts
                          to Agency
Reports









Health


Overview
Health effects associated with air pollution exposure
Children's Health Research
Air pollution effects on children's health
Indoor Exposure
Indoor air quality & exposure


Ambient Air Quality Standards
Clean air standards for PM2.5, ozone, & other pollutants
Asthma
Air pollution & asthma: ARB studies and other resources
File an Air Pollution Complaint
Help reduce smoking vehicles, idling trucks, buses, locomotives, etc.


Research Projects
Searchable database of ARB's current & past research
Community Health
Air pollution & health in your community
Certified Indoor Cleaner List




















Up Links




Reducing Air Pollution - ARB Programs

Enforcement Programs

2017 Case Settlements






Program Links

2016 Case Settlements
2015 Case Settlements
2014 Case Settlements
2013 Case Settlements
2012 Case Settlements
2011 Case Settlements
2010 Case Settlements
2009 Case Settlements
2008 Case Settlements
2007 Case Settlements
2006 Case Settlements
2005 Case Settlements
2004 Case Settlements
2003 Case Settlements
2002 Case Settlements
2001 Case Settlements
2000 Case Settlements
1999 Case Settlements
1998 Case Settlements
1997 Case Settlements
1992 Case Settlements
1990 Case Settlements

Resources

Contact Us
Join Any Enforcement Email List(s)
RSS / Newsfeed











NRG El Segundo Operations, Inc. Case Settles for $200,000
This page last reviewed May 17, 2016 

The Regulation for Reducing Sulfur Hexafluoride (SF6)  Emissions from Gas Insulated Switchgear (SF6 –GIS Regulation) establishes limits on annual SF6 emission  rates.   NRG operates a power plant in El Segundo, California, with ten gas insulated  switchgear containing a total of 3,803 pounds of SF6.  NRG exceeded the 2012 annual emission limitation. In this matter  ARB concluded there were a number of mitigating factors including: the fact  that this was a first time violation and NRG cooperated fully with the  investigation.  This case was settled on December 11, 2015,  for $200,000.00:  $150,000.00 will go to the Air Pollution
Control Fund, which provides funding for projects and research to
improve California's air quality; $50,000.00 will go to the Peralta
Colleges Foundation to fund emission education classes conducted by
participating California community colleges, under the California
Council for Diesel Education and Technology (CCDET) program.  





 










Back to Top | All ARB Contacts | A-Z Index








Decisions Pending and Opportunities for Public Participation
Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy |  Accessibility |  Bilingual Services Complaints  |  Civil Rights Policy
How to Request Public Records
The Board is one of six boards, departments, and offices under
	the umbrella of the California Environmental Protection Agency.
Cal/EPA | ARB | CalRecycle |DPR | DTSC | OEHHA | SWRCB


























 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















NRG Energy (NRG) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      NRG Energy, Inc. (NRG)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $20
                  (16%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    87%
                  

                of 8 analysts


                    Latest:     Williams Capital | buy | $20  | 
                                              06/01
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for NRG  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)



















nrg el segundo - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Nrg Jobs - 2 Urgent Open Positions. Apply Now!



Ad
 ·
jobrapido.com/​Nrg Jobs



2 Urgent Open Positions. Apply Now! Nrg Jobs.





New York City Jobs



Chicago Jobs



Phoenix Jobs




Los Angeles Jobs



Houston Jobs



Philadelphia Jobs





Nrg Energy Jobs (Hiring Now) - Positions Open - Apply Now



Ad
 ·
Nrg-Energy.ItsMyCareer.com



Apply For Nrg Energy Jobs Near You. Hiring Nrg Energy Now. Will Train.





Nrg Energy Jobs



Nrg Energy Openings




Nrg Energy Careers



Nrg Energy Positions





Nrg Electric Rates Information - Search for Nrg Electric Rates



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​nrg-electric/​rates



Find Nrg Electric Rates Results on Alothome.com. Browse Top Listings Online.















El Segundo, California




Segundo power plant. The El Segundo power plant is operated by the American energy company NRG. In an effort to combine sustainable and environmentally-friendly techniques

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Shakira da a luz a su segundo hijo, Sasha - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/huff-wires/20150130/esp-cel-shakira-bebe


BARCELONA, España (AP) — Shakira dio a luz a su segundo hijo, un varoncito llamado Sasha Piqué Mebarak, informó el viernes la cantante colombiana. El ...


Cujo is a firewall for the connected smart home network ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/05/10/cujo-is-a-firewall-for-the...


Location El Segundo, CA; Categories Cyber Security, Consumer Electronics, ...


BMW X3 in El Segundo, CA For Sale - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/used-list/make1-BMW/model1-X3/location-90245/...


BMW X3 in El Segundo, CA For Sale. Save Search. Give this search a name:


Google Expands In Southern California: Three Venice ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/...expands-in-southern-california_n_814267.html


Google Expands In Southern California: Three Venice Buildings Leased. David Sarno, Roger Vincent and Jessica Guynn, Los Angeles Times latimes.com


Andy Warhol Foundation Advocates Against Censorship And ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/05/andy-warhol-foundation-advocates...


The new gallery will be called the El Segundo Museum of Art and will be open to teachers and the rest ... Andy Warhol Foundation Advocates Against ...


20 Great Happy Hours on the Las Vegas Strip | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/David-Landsel/las-vegas-strip-happy-hours_b...


20 Great Happy Hours on the Las Vegas Strip. By David Landsel. ... #2 El Segundo Sol Fashion Show Mall When Daily 4-7 What $5 margs, $3 tequila shots, ...


Shakira ya es mamá por segunda vez | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/01/29/shakira-pique-nace-segundo-hijo...


El segundo varón de la pareja llegó al mundo en la clínica Téknon de Barcelona, mismo hospital donde hace dos años llegó al mundo su hermanito mayor ...


Fuerte sismo sacude Ciudad de México - The Huffington Post

www.huffingtonpost.com/huff-wires/20140510/amn-gen-mexico-sismo


El temblor fue el segundo consecutivo después del de 6,6 grados del jueves y el tercero desde el de 7,2 ... El gobernador de la ciudad de México, ...


Síntomas del segundo trimestre de embarazo | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/16/sintomas-segundo-trimestre...


De Parenting.com Por el segundo trimestre, la mayoría de las mujeres ven esta enfermedad de la mañana disminuir o hasta detenerse completamente.


Segundo debate presidencial: Demócratas y republicanos ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/16/reacciones-segundo-debate...


El segundo debate presidencial reivindicó la pobre imagen que quedó del presidente Barack Obama luego del primer encuentro que tuvieron los candidatos en...










Nrg Jobs - 2 Urgent Open Positions. Apply Now!



Ad
 ·
jobrapido.com/​Nrg Jobs



2 Urgent Open Positions. Apply Now! Nrg Jobs.





New York City Jobs



Chicago Jobs



Phoenix Jobs




Los Angeles Jobs



Houston Jobs



Philadelphia Jobs





Nrg Energy Jobs (Hiring Now) - Positions Open - Apply Now



Ad
 ·
Nrg-Energy.ItsMyCareer.com



Apply For Nrg Energy Jobs Near You. Hiring Nrg Energy Now. Will Train.





Nrg Energy Jobs



Nrg Energy Openings




Nrg Energy Careers



Nrg Energy Positions





Nrg Electric Rates Information - Search for Nrg Electric Rates



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​nrg-electric/​rates



Find Nrg Electric Rates Results on Alothome.com. Browse Top Listings Online.



Searches related tonrg el segundo



houston nrg


nrg el segundo power plant


nrg solar panels


el segundo energy center



nrg el segundo address


nrg home electric rates


el segundo power plant


nrg el segundo operations inc




12345Next

Related Searches



houston nrg


nrg el segundo power plant


nrg solar panels


el segundo energy center


nrg el segundo address


nrg home electric rates


el segundo power plant


nrg el segundo operations inc




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








