


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Mutual Funds | No-Load Mutual Funds  | T. Rowe Price























 

















LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS 
LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS1
We offer low-cost mutual funds seeking to deliver consistent returns to help you achieve your financial goals. Over 75% of our funds for individual investors have expense ratios below their peer category averages.1







Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus















Daily Prices





Historical Performance





Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds





Dividend Distributions












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds






I want to research





Stock Funds








Bond Funds








Target Date Funds*







Asset Allocation Funds







Money Market Funds^










Overview

Provides long-term growth potential 

Access to companies across the globe
A range of funds—including domestic, international, and sector specific






Investor Profile

Need the growth potential of stocks to achieve long-term goals
Can withstand price volatility






   

View Stock Funds


More on Stock Funds












Overview

Emphasizes regular income
Offers access to bonds issued in the United States and around the world
A broad range of funds investing in U.S. Treasury, high yield, municipal, and international bonds






Investor Profile

Want to generate income
Are in a higher tax bracket, seeking tax-free income
Want to reduce the volatility of a stock-heavy portfolio
Can tolerate price fluctuations






   

View Bond Funds


More on Bond Funds












Overview

A one-stop approach to retirement investing
A mix of stocks and bonds that adjusts to and through retirement
Seeks to thoughtfully balance retirement risks






Investor Profile

Plan to retire close to a certain year
Want a convenient fund-of-funds solution
Want an investment that becomes more conservative as retirement approaches






  


View Target Date Funds


More on Target Date Funds












Overview

One-stop approach to investing
Broadly diversified stock, bond, and balanced funds
Designed for a range of investor risk profiles






Investor Profile

Want to invest in a diversified portfolio in a single investment
Want access to a wide range of investments in one mutual fund






   

View Asset Allocation Funds


More on Asset Allocation Funds












Overview

Lowest-risk mutual fund investment
Strive for preservation of capital^
A range of taxable and tax-free funds






Investor Profile

Have short-term investment goals
Prefer price stability over return potential
Want quick access to savings







View Money Market Funds


More on Money Market Funds


Money Market Reform: What you need to know













Why invest with T. Rowe Price? 



​Research is the lifeblood of our investment organization. Our focus on in-depth research to find the right investment opportunities across the globe means we can deliver diverse solutions to help you achieve your financial goals.Investors have relied on our disciplined approach for more than 75 years. Consistency is a hallmark of our investment process. We assess the risk and potential rewards of our investments.


​A seasoned investment team means continuity for you.


Our team’s expertise and collective experience allow us to thoughtfully focus on our ultimate goal—consistent, competitive performance for you.









T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details. 
Past performance cannot guarantee future results. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Diversification cannot assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
Based on cumulative total return, 174 of 232 (75%), 142 of 160 (89%), 115 of 127 (91%), and 105 of 114 (92%) T. Rowe Price stock funds (including all share classes and excluding funds used in insurance products) outperformed their Lipper averages for the 1-, 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)

1Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
*The principal value of the Retirement Funds and Target Funds (collectively, the "target date funds") is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The target date funds' allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The Retirement Funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term retirement withdrawal horizon. The Target Funds emphasize asset accumulation prior to retirement, balance the need for reduced market risk and income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a moderate postretirement withdrawal horizon. The target date funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The key difference between the Retirement Funds and the Target Funds is the overall allocation to equity; although they each maintain significant allocations to equities both prior to and after the target date, the Retirement Funds maintain a higher equity allocation, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.

The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

^Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.




















Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC  Funding details


Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC Industry: Other Health CareCIK Number: 0001688840IRS Number: 814269120Address: 11221 ROE AVENUE SUITE 320 LEAWOOD 66211Phone number: 913-387-0510



Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-01New Form D$7,000,000Yet To Sell$7,000,000$100,000006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC
Key People in Nueterra Capital Seed Fund 2016, LLC:

None NCM Seed Fund MM, LLCnone Nueterra Capital Management, LLCJeremy Tasset








Last visited companies: YupanaSoft, Inc., dVentus Technologies, LLC, Apollo Global Management LLC, Cleveland Thermal, LLC, Dermelle, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.






















Top Healthcare Consulting Firms, Healthcare Strategy Consulting















































 




























With us, you can capitalize on change
A new healthcare economy is taking shape. As you know, that means new investment opportunities are forming too. At Nueterra Capital, we’ve evaluated current industry practices and trends to develop an investment strategy that will carry you through the transition successfully.










Payment reform

The industry is transitioning from fee-for-service system to a value-based model that delivers transparent pricing and quality metrics, acknowledging that patients have become discerning consumers.




Risk transfer

Financial risk in healthcare is shifting to a shared-risk model, in which payers, providers and patients all agree on a path focused on the overall well-being of the patient.




Data and analytics

As data continues to flood the market, there’s a greater need for software that connects networks and analyzes practice behavior. Insights in these areas are fundamental to change.




Consolidation

Mergers and acquisitions are continually driven by economies of scale, software inter-operability and increased capital needs.







Our portfolio covers the healthcare spectrum
At Nueterra Capital, we focus your investments into the righthealthcare sectors based on our assessment of market trends.

Providers
Individuals and/or institutions that provide healthcare to consumers
Services
Companies offering services that integrate providers and consumers
Insurance
Companies that offer financial protection against losses from specific events to individuals and entities


Real estate
Property used by and leased to providers within the healthcare industry
Technology
New and innovative products, software, devices and applications that advance and support the healthcare industry








We curate our funds to optimize return






(2002)

Private equity fund focused on the development and acquisition of ambulatory surgery centers and specialty hospitals. This fund is fully invested.




(2005)

Real estate fund focused on the development and acquisition of real estate for ambulatory surgery centers, specialty hospitals and medical office buildings. This fund is fully invested.




(2008)

Venture capital fund focused on early-stage technology companies based in the Greater Midwest. This fund is fully invested.




(2016)

Private equity fund created to capitalize on current healthcare trends. The fund will invest across lifecycle stages (seed, growth and later stages) and focus on the following healthcare sectors: providers, services, insurance, real estate and technology.










Contact | 
		   Privacy Policy | 
		   News |
		   Careers  | 
		   © 2017 Nueterra Capital. All rights reserved.










Invest
Careers
Contact















	Protégé Partners













Dedicated to sourcing, underwriting, and investing with best in class talent amongst small and emerging managers






Protégé
Etymology: French, from protéger, to protect
Definition: One whose career is advanced by a person of experience




                    Protégé Partners is a specialized asset management and advisory firm that was founded in 2002 to focus exclusively on investing in established smaller hedge funds and select emerging managers.  Through tenured judgment, deep-dive due diligence and pro-active risk management, we strive to identify best-in-class managers and put capital to work through arms-length, seed and tactical investments.
                      
                    Since our inception, our commingled flagship portfolio has reflected the culmination of our core competencies.  Additional dedicated offerings include a market independent strategy and select co-investment opportunities with our seed/acceleration managers through syndication share classes.
                





Our Team








Jeffrey Tarrant
CEO, CIO, Founder & Partner





Jeffrey Tarrant is CEO, CIO, Founder & Partner.
    
    Jeffrey has more than three decades of hedge fund investment experience. Prior to founding Protégé Partners, Jeffrey managed institutional size alternative investments for private family fortunes and was a member of the board of the Investment Fund for Foundations. During this time, Jeffrey also created Altvest, the hedge fund industry’s first Internet-based commercial database and analytics systems. After graduating from Harvard Business School, Jeffrey worked at Berkeley Asset Management where he co-managed one of the first multi-managers in the US investing in hedge funds.
	
                                








Adil Abdulali
Portfolio Manager & Partner





Adil Abdulali is a Portfolio Manager & Partner.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, Adil managed a mortgage-backed securities hedge fund and served as a Senior Advisor at Capital Market Risk Advisors (“CMRA”). From 1991-1999, Adil traded mortgage products at JP Morgan, Nikko Securities, Nomura Securities and Barclays Capital.	
  
                                








Michael Oliver Weinberg
Portfolio Manager & Partner





Michael Oliver Weinberg is a Portfolio Manager & Partner.
    
    Michael has over two decades of experience investing directly at the security level and indirectly as an asset allocator in alternative assets. Michael’s portfolio management experience includes Soros Fund Management LLC, Credit Suisse First Boston, Dean Whitter, and FRM. He is a CFA® charter holder.
	
                                








Michael Barron
Head of Research & Partner





Michael Barron is Head of Research & Partner.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé in 2012, Mike sourced, conducted due diligence on and selectively allocated to emerging managers at Revere Capital Advisors, Align Advisers and Uhuru Capital Management, where he helped develop the firm’s flagship hedge fund of funds offering. He began his career at Rocaton Investment Advisors as a Research Specialist in the Hedge Fund Group.
	
                                








Chris Engdall
Advisor-Risk Management





Chris Engdall is an Advisor-Risk Management.
    
    Chris has over four decades of experience in the securities business. Prior to joining Protégé, Chris was a Senior Managing Director at Bear Stearns where he launched the Risk Department at Bear Stearns Securities Corp., the hedge fund prime brokerage division. He began his career at the Chicago Board of Trade and was one of the founding members of O'Connor and Associates.
	
                                








Aleksey Bieneman
Director - Quantitative Analytics & Partner





Aleksey Bieneman, CFA is Director - Quantitative Analytics & Partner.
    
    Aleksey oversees the creation of a reporting system that combines commercial and proprietary information to identify, conduct due diligence, and monitor managers. Aleksey rejoined Jeffrey Tarrant at Protégé after serving as Chief Technology Officer of Altvest and Director of Technology of Investorforce. Aleksey is a CFA® charter holder.
  
                                








Leonid Zaslavsky
Vice-President - Quantitative Analytics





Leonid Zaslavsky is Vice-President - Quantitative Analytics.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, Leonid moved to the U.S. after completing a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics at Moscow University, where he received an academic scholarship given to the top 0.1% of his class. He has worked as a programmer for TLC Metropolitan Brokerage Corp. and George Davidsohn & Son, Inc. designing relational databases and real-time execution systems for stock exchanges. Prior to joining Protégé, he designed intranets and internet applications for Publishers Clearing House.
  
                                








Carol O’Donnell
General Counsel & Chief Compliance





Carol O’Donnell is General Counsel & Chief Compliance.
    
    Carol O’Donnell has extensive global legal and compliance experience serving financial institutions for over thirty years. Prior to joining Protégé Partners, she served DARA Capital US, Inc., a Swiss-owned boutique registered investment advisory and wealth management firm, for over three years as Director of Legal and Compliance. She was previously General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of the Permal Group, one of the largest fund of hedge fund investment firms which was acquired by Legg Mason Inc. in 2005. Prior to that, Carol was General Counsel and COO of Framework Investment Group, a firm which specialized in commodity investments. She also specialized in the practice of corporate, securities and commodities law at recognized law firms. Carol is a trustee of a US mutual fund and other private trusts. She is qualified to practice law in the States of New York and Connecticut, and has held securities and commodities registrations.  Carol holds a JD from the Benjamin Cardozo School of Law and a BS in business and economics from Skidmore College.
  
                                








Kevin Mahoney
CFO





Kevin Mahoney is CFO.
    
    Kevin Mahoney is a Certified Public Accountant with over 25 years of accounting/auditing experience in the financial services industry. He has held CFO/Controller positions for hedge funds, fund-of-funds and private equity firms. Earlier in his career, he was an audit manager at Ernst & Young, and then moved on to hold senior level accounting positions at Trian Partners, Balyasny Asset Management, Terrapin Partners, and Argenis Capital Advisors. He holds a B.S. in Accounting degree from the University of Scranton and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
  
                                








Zack Honig
Senior Software Engineer





Zack Honig is a Senior Software Engineer.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, Zack was a Lead Software Developer at CPUProdigy. He was responsible for developing software and website applications under budget and on schedule. Zack received a B.S. in Computer Science at Hofstra University.
  
                                








Thomas Skubicki
Web Developer





Thomas Skubicki is a Web Developer.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, Thomas has implemented multiple web applications. Before his shift into web development, he worked as an information technology expert in a large variety of environments and roles. He obtained his B.S. in Information Technology from University of Phoenix in 2012.
  
                                








Vera Tors
Associate





Vera Tors is an Associate.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, Vera worked as an Intern and Assistant to the owner of Festivities Events. Vera graduated from Loyola University Maryland with a B.A. in Communication.
  
                                








Kristine Zhuang
Analyst





Kristine Zhuang is an Analyst.
    
    Prior to joining Protégé, she performed administrative functions for News Corp’s c-suite executive offices. Kristine received a B.A. in English Literature and Art History from New York University.
  
                                








Michaela Reak
Associate





Michaela Reak  is an Associate.
    
    Prior to Protégé Partners, Michaela was an Executive Assistant since moving to New York City in 2015. Her practice for helping people stems from her education with massage therapy, yoga and wellness coaching that she received in Arizona between the years 2007 – 2011 at Apollo College and The Southwest Institute for Healing Arts.
  
                                







Whitepapers

Small Hedge Funds Complement Large Ones
CFA Institute May 19, 2015. (Michael Weinberg)


The Bias Ratio™ : Measuring the Shape of Fraud
Protege Partners-Quarterly Letter 3Q 2006. (Adil Abdulali)


Life Cycle of Hedge Fund Managers
Evaluating and Implementing Hedge Fund Strategies, Third Edition, Ronald A. Lake. Euromoney Publications. 2003. (Jeffrey Tarrant)


Hedge Fund Investing: A Private Family Perspective
Evaluating and Implementing Hedge Fund Strategies, Second Edition, Ronald A. Lake. Euromoney Books. 1996. (Jeffrey Tarrant)




Publications
“Global Wealth Summit 2016 Interview - Protege Partners eyes new deals...”  November 16 2016.
Institutional Investor’s alpha “Interview: Jeffrey Tarrant of Protégé Partners on his Hedge Fund Gambles” February 2016
HFMWeek “Seeding: Top 5” November 2014



Awards



Hedgeweek USA Awards “Best Seeding Platform” (2016)



Hedgeweek Awards “Best Seeding Platform” (2016)



Hedgeweek USA Awards “Best Seeding Platform” (2015)



AI (Alternative Investments) Hedge Fund 2015 Awards “Award for Excellence in Small Hedge Fund Investing” (2015)



Institutional Investor 2012 Hedge Fund Industry Awards “Early Stage Hedge Fund Investor of the Year” (2012)



InvestHedge Awards “Emerging Manager Fund of Fund of the Year” (2009)



InvestHedge Awards “Emerging Manager Fund of Fund of the Year” (2008)



InvestHedge Awards “Emerging Manager Fund of Fund of the Year” (2007)





Contact Us
Access to this web site is limited to persons who qualify as "qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and as "accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501 (a) promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.






























About - VTF Capital















































































 

Los Angeles / San Francisco / Las Vegas
 


 

Copyright 2011-2016 VTF Capital
 








 
























About - VTF Capital
15678
page-template-default,page,page-id-15678,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,vertical_menu_enabled,qode-theme-ver-8.0,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.9.2,vc_responsive




 





About









Who are we?
We exist to help entrepreneurs build great companies. We do that by investing capital, solving platform-level problems and working in the trenches with companies we advise. We are primarily focused on the commerce technology, digital brand and pre-consumer logistics space. We are nerds.
We have $48M under management and invest $200k-$1M in pre-seed and seed stage companies. If you are reading this, we are actively investing.
What do we do?
We invest capital and sweat into innovative vertical commerce and physical retail technology companies and companies that enable greater access and efficiency to those areas.
We are operationally-focused investors. More important than the capital we invest, we bring our experience and network and work tirelessly to help you achieve your company’s goals. We only invest in companies we would want to work for.
We want to be the most recommended early stage capital source by founders redefining commerce and the future of retail.
Why are we excited about commerce?
The barriers to creating real things is lower than ever. We want to help build those great companies. At the same time the window of opportunity to redefine the role of physical places in commerce is prime. We want to help define how people interact with their worlds for the next 100 years.
Commerce is not as simple as selling things online. Great commerce is a collection of smart systems and brilliant financial planning. Long-lasting commerce companies are parts operations, technology, design, people and finance.
The bulk of our partners’ company experience centers around commerce. We’ve built products from scratch and at extreme scale. We love it. We’re excited by the opportunity to help innovative ideas become 100-year companies.
What is commerce?
The definition of commerce is broad. We believe it to be all aspects of how people buy the things they need and want. People’s needs include many types of products, tangible and intangible. Companies that deconstruct inefficient or expensive categories of products are equally as exciting to us as companies figuring out how to make the dying brick and mortar retail world vibrant again.
What do you do for your portfolio companies? What kind of investor are you?
In a word: hustle. We are operationally-focused investors. More important than the capital we invest, we bring our experience and network and work tirelessly to help you achieve your company’s goals.
What types of companies does VTF Capital invest in?
Our companies see their products as solving a deep-rooted problem rather than just making a sale.
We invest in companies in a variety of industries but get particularly excited about commerce. Most of our companies create, build and sell products, experiences and tools that challenge commerce in the physical and digital worlds.
We invest in early and mid-stage companies serving consumers and SMBs with revenue-positive unit economics, often vertically integrated commerce, retail technology and SaaS companies surrounding the commerce space.
A company we invest in typically generates revenue in one of three ways. Our experience is that young companies that focus on earning revenue from more than one of these categories experience growth challenges.
The companies we invest in generally have a unique technical advantage adaptable well beyond the product they sell to the world and/or a complete and unique ownership of their supply chain. In this way they are more about what you don’t see than what you see.
Commerce – companies that make and sell physical and experiential products to people.
These companies:

Are often digital-first, vertically-integrated, first-party merchants of products that leverage technology to more nimbly manufacture and market their goods.
Define categories of products and, for third-party retailers, categories of shopping.
Produce products that define new product categories distributed at efficient scale.
Have a deep sense of purpose beyond making a sale, this is especially important for third-party commerce companies.
Have a long-term stair step vision for how to build a large, lasting company.
Use complex systems and data analysis to maximize every opportunity to build a long-term business.

Physical Commerce – companies that build innovative technology for physical commerce.
These companies:

Build innovative technologies that enhance physical shopping experiences.
Enable more efficient and innovative use of physical spaces to enable in-person and digital commerce.
Simplify the logistics linking manufacturer, retailer and consumer.

Commerce Infrastructure – companies building technology products and services that enable greater access and efficiency in commerce.
These companies:

Build tools to help retail companies build their businesses more efficiently.
Focus on leveraging technology innovation to make commerce simpler, more intelligent and more secure.

What do we not invest in?

Companies directly or indirectly focused on gambling, gaming or nightlife entertainment.
Companies, especially physical product companies, that have not produced and sold a usable MVP to customers whether it be a physical product or an intangible technology product. To help companies like this we invested in Dragon Innovation.
Companies lacking technically-minded team members or co-founders. We’re looking for companies where tech is in your DNA.

Do we invest in other types of companies?
Our definition of commerce evolves daily. Most of our recent investments fit into one of our three focus areas within commerce. Sometimes an opportunity forces us to rethink our scope. We call those investments Atypical.
When do we invest?
We have always been an early stage investor. We invest $300,000 to $2 million in companies over their lifetimes. We sometimes lead investments but don’t require that we do so. If you’ve raised more than $2 million, you are probably too late for us.
Do we have to be based in Las Vegas?
We love Las Vegas. Some of us live here. As of January 2017, 10% of the investments we’ve made are based here. We’ve invested more early stage capital into Las Vegas companies than any firm in state history. We see maximizing our impact as a long-term focus.
If we can do for Las Vegas what Brad Feld did for Boulder, everyone wins. And we can’t do that by only investing in companies with Las Vegas ties. That’s why 75% of our investments are located elsewhere. We’re excited to meet and support companies tackling commerce all over the US (and abroad).








































SeedInvest - About usaccessibilityaccreditedactiveactivityaimalarmalign-bottomalign-center-horizontalalign-center-verticalalign-leftalign-rightalign-topanchorangelannoyedapplearchivearrow-downarrow-leftarrow-rightarrow-uparticleat-signawardbalanceballoonbandaidbarcodebellbicyclebinocularsblindboatbook-closedbookbookmarkbookmarkedbooksbottlebriefcasebrushbugbullhornbuscabinetcakecalendarcameracarcashcertificatechalkchart-barschart-linechart-piechatcheckmarkchevron-downchevron-leftchevron-rightchevron-upcircle-arrow-downcircle-arrow-leftcircle-arrow-rightcircle-arrow-upcircle-backwardcircle-checkmarkcircle-chevron-downcircle-chevron-leftcircle-chevron-rightcircle-chevron-upcircle-crosscircle-ejectcircle-exclamationcircle-facebookcircle-firstcircle-forwardcircle-googlepluscircle-gustcircle-lastcircle-linkedincircle-minuscircle-nextcircle-pausecircle-play-thincircle-playcircle-pluscircle-previouscircle-questioncircle-stopcircle-twittercircleclipboard-checkclipboardclockcloud-databasecloud-downloadcloud-fogcloud-gearcloud-lightningcloud-lockcloud-raincloud-snowcloud-synccloud-uploadcloudcocktail-glasscodecombinecomment-fillcommentcommentscompassconfusedconnectconstruction-coneconstructioncontactscoolcopycredit-cardcropcrosscrowncubedatabasedeletedesigndesktopdiamonddicedinnerdisconnectdocumentdownloaddrawerdreamdropletdumbbellearthediteggellipsisenter-downenter-leftenter-rightenter-upenterenvelopeevilexcludeexit-downexit-leftexit-rightexit-upexitexpandeye-droppereyefacebookfactoryfeatherfile-audiofile-codefile-imagefile-videofile-zipfilefilm-playfindfirefirst-aidflagflip-horizontalflip-verticalfloppy-diskfolderfootprintframefunnelgamepadgasgeargiftglassglassesgoogleplusgraduationgrin-evilgringroupgungusthamburgerhammerhappy-grinhappyheadsetheart-fillhearthistoryhomeiconsinboxintersectipadiphonekeykeyboardkeyholeknifelablamplaptopleafleave-downleave-leftleave-rightleave-uplibrarylifebuoylighterlightning-boltlinklinkedinlistlocationlocklotusmadmagicmagnetmalletmanmapmedalmeet-downmeet-leftmeet-rightmeet-upmic-mutemicminusmoonmousemovemusic-notemusicmustachemutenavigationneutralnewsoptionsoutletpaint-rollerpaintbrushpairpaper-planepaperclippaperspastepatchpawpenpencilphonephotopicturepinpine-treeplaneplayplaylistplug-cordpluspodiumpowerpresentationprinterprofilepulsepuzzlequestionquote-closequote-openradiorank1rank2rank3receptionrecycleredorefreshregisterreply-allreplyroad-signrocketrulersadscissorsscreensearchshareshieldshipshirtshockedshrinkshufflesignalsitemapskullsmartphonesmilespeed-fastspeed-mediumspeed-slowspell-checksquaresubtractsunsyncsyringetabtablettagtagstargetteacupterminalthumbs-downthumbs-uptickettilestimertoilet-papertonguetoolstrailertraintransmissiontrashtreetrophytrucktvtwitterumbrellaundounlinkunlockuploaduserusersvolume-highvolume-lowvolume-mediumvolumewarningwheelchairwifiwinkwomanwonderingwrenchzoom-inzoom-outJavascript required.JavaScript must be enabled to use this site. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings and refresh the page.Our platform is redefining early-stage investing and capital raising.Learn About SeedInvest SeedInvest is a leading equity crowdfunding platform opening up access to venture capital and angel investing to everyoneVenture CapitalThe SeedInvest Selections Fund is currently investing $200,000 alongside each company that successfully raises capital on SeedInvest under Regulation D. The fund is targeting investments in 50 companies over the next two years and its limited partners are looking for opportunities to make strategic co-investments and follow-on investments.Angel InvestingInvesting in startups used to be reserved for just venture capitalists and high-connected angel investors. But SeedInvest is now enabling individual investors to invest alongside venture capital firms and angel groups and access startup investments for the very first time. Furthermore, SeedInvest helps filter out the noise. Our team is comprised of former professional investors who screen all companies which apply.Equity CrowdfundingAs a result of the JOBS Act and the work that the SEC, FINRA, SeedInvest, and other market participants began back in 2012, companies can now raise from all investors up to $50 million under Regulation A+, which went into effect June 19, 2015, and up to $1 million under Regulation CF, which went into effect on May 16, 2016. These new exemptions open up investing to 240+ million Americans who previously could not invest and allows SeedInvest to help startups turn their most ardent supporters and customers into passionate investors for the first time.Our StoryRyan Feit and James Han founded SeedInvest in 2012. Shocked by how difficult it was for their Wharton classmates to raise capital for their startups, Ryan and James joined a movement to change 80-year-old securities laws to make it easier for entrepreneurs to raise capital online. During the following year, they became instrumental in arguably the most significant change to U.S. securities laws in our lifetime: the passage of the JOBS Act. Ryan and James professionally invested in and financed companies across technology, consumer, and other major market sectors while at Wellspring Capital, Francisco Partners, Lehman Brothers, and Morgan Stanley. By leveraging their experience as investors and entrepreneurs, they aspired to build an online platform that made startup investing and fundraising simple and accessible to everyone. In April 2014, after building a sizeable investor base and helping dozens of companies raise capital online, SeedInvest raised its Series A round on its own platform.Since then, the SeedInvest team has grown to over twenty team members, helped over 215 companies raise capital, and built a rapidly growing network of over 180,628 investors. In June 2015, SeedInvest was the first equity crowdfunding platform to open up to the other 98% of Americans who were previously restricted from investing in startups. 
                      Founded:  In 2012 by Ryan Feit and James Han as a simple way to invest in early stage companies onlineHeadquarters:  New York, New YorkTotal users: 180,628 Successfully funded companies: 215+Average investment per company:  $500,000SeedInvest Fund co-investment per deal:  $200,000Largest investment:  $2,000,000Meet the TeamRyan FeitCEO and Co-founderJames HanCo-founder, President, and COOAaron KellnerPrincipalAlexandra TynionPrincipalAndres DianaPrincipalAnMaree WilliamsProduct DesignerAryeh FriedmanCorporate CounselBrian SchumanAssociateCici WangAnalystEric WooEngineerHoman LeeFounding EngineerJai PrasadEngineerJay ThakrarAssociateJigar GandhiEngineerLennart Graf von HardenbergEngineerLeah ShabshelowitzAnalystLiam HowellEngineerMichael GorelikEngineerNicolas LeeperAnalystRoman GorokhovAssociateSallie JianVenture AssociateScott LiEngineerStephen CotugnoPrincipal, Capital MarketsYouYour Field of ExpertiseJoin the TeamJoin the TeamCheck out the background of our broker-dealer, funding-portal, and investment professionals on FINRA's broker/check.Learn more about the team Get started on SeedInvest.Join as an Investor
                      List Your StartupJoin as an Investor
                      List Your StartupJoin as an Investor
                      List Your StartupWant to learn more? Get to know SeedInvest better by learning how it works or meeting the team.Browse InvestmentsBrowse InvestmentsCompanyAbout UsMeet The TeamPress & Media KitJobsFAQsHow it WorksInvestRaiseRegulation ALearnEquity CrowdfundingAcademyBlogJoinInvestorsEntrepreneursLegalTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyLegal Documents© 2017 SeedInvest Technology, LLC · Made with care in NYC
 Difference Between Seed Funding & Early-Stage Funding | Chron.com              Skip to main content.  Difference Between Seed Funding & Early-Stage Funding  by Chirantan Basu        Corporations use stock sales to quickly boost cash on hand. Comstock Images/Comstock/Getty Images   Related Articles  1 [Round Funding] | First Round Funding & the Percentage of Buyout 2 [Micro Entrepreneurs] | Funding Programs for Micro Entrepreneurs 3 [Debt Vs. Equity Funding] | Debt Vs. Equity Funding 4 [Importance] | The Importance of Funding for Business    A startup may require several rounds of financing before it can generate sufficient cash flow from sales to finance operations. The amounts and sources for each round vary by company and industry. The earliest funding rounds are seed and early-stage funding. Companies need these funds to support operations, such as product development, administration and marketing.        Basics "Inc." magazine defines seed funding as the earliest round of capital for a startup company. FundingSavvy, a funding resource website, defines early-stage funding as a startup company's first round of substantial funding. Early-stage funding usually consists of two parts, commonly known as Series A and Series B financing. Seed funding allows a startup to develop a prototype product and generate sufficient investor interest for successive financing rounds. Early-stage funding allows additional operational flexibility over the medium to long term. Sources The sources of seed funding include the founders' personal savings and investments from family and friends. Banks usually do not lend to startup companies because of the high risks, and venture capitalists tend to stay away from seed funding. However, a startup entrepreneur might have more success with angel investors and private equity funds. Angels are former entrepreneurs and other wealthy investors who get involved in some startup companies. Private equity funds pool money from individuals and institutions to invest in high-growth companies. Early-stage funding typically comes from venture capitalists, who may also bring experience and industry contacts that can help a startup rapidly grow its business. Amounts Montreal-based venture capitalist Ben Yoskovitz suggests that seed funding typically ranges from $25,000 to $1 million. A common funding structure is convertible debt, which is debt that is exchangeable for stock within a specified period. FundingSavvy.com suggests that early-stage Series A funding is in the $2 million to $5 million range, while Series B funding is in the $5 million to $10 million range. The high-risk nature of seed funding increases the cost of capital, which means that investors may demand a larger share of the startup. Therefore, startups should secure only enough seed funding to continue operations and develop a viable prototype, thus preserving enough equity in the company to satisfy the founders and the early investors. Considerations: Valuation Startup valuation is important because it determines the return on investment. If a startup company's valuation were $1 million before seed funding of $1 million, then the founders and seed investors would each own 50 percent of the company. If the company raises additional funds, the founders' share would diminish further. Several ways to increase a startup company's valuation include placing a fair market value on physical assets and assigning values to paid professionals and patent applications. Investors generally estimate what a startup could be worth in five years and then divide that amount by 10 to arrive at the current valuation.              References (5)   Inc.: Seed MoneyFundingSavvy: Early Stage FundingInstigator Blog: An Introductory Guide to Startup FundingCayenne Consulting: Startup Valuation: Top Ten TechniquesForbes: Startup Valuation Voodoo   About the Author Based in Ottawa, Canada, Chirantan Basu has been writing since 1995. His work has appeared in various publications and he has performed financial editing at a Wall Street firm. Basu holds a Bachelor of Engineering from Memorial University of Newfoundland, a Master of Business Administration from the University of Ottawa and holds the Canadian Investment Manager designation from the Canadian Securities Institute.    Photo Credits  Comstock Images/Comstock/Getty Images    Suggest an Article Correction      Related Searches           More Articles    [Marketing Research] | Types of Marketing Research With Examples    [Small Business Funding Checklist] | Small Business Funding Checklist    [SWOT Analysis] | Why Perform a SWOT Analysis?    [Alternative Small Business Funding] | Alternative Small Business Funding          Also Viewed  [Conduit Funding] | What Is Conduit Funding? [Seed Funding] | How to Obtain Seed Funding [Business Startups] | Funding for Business Startups [Small Business] | Funding for a Small Business [Inground Monetization Funding Procedures] | Inground Monetization Funding Procedures [Funding Works] | How Transactional Funding Works [LLC Funding Tax Issues] | LLC Funding Tax Issues            






Seed Capital | Business Credit | The Sky is the Limit... We are the Ground.












 
















we've fueled growth for
over 5,000 startups.








jumpstart your journey
 to success with us.








the sky is the limit... 
We are the Ground.











Over $525 Million Raised since 2008.




Funding a startup is one of the most difficult challenges any entrepreneur will face. Having personally founded over a dozen startups, the Seed Capital executive team understands just how difficult it is to secure funding and turn an idea into reality.
Seed Capital's mission is to assist entrepreneurs in financing their start-ups through innovative funding and credit building techniques.  By providing the cash credit lines needed to launch a business our clients benefit from our team's vast knowledge and experience.  We strive to connect every client with the financial resources needed to achieve a distinct and sustainable competitive advantage.  Our services assist clients in developing sound, scalable business models with clear paths to revenue and our policies have been created to ensure that the motivations of our clients and our firm are clearly aligned.















About Us
Our Senior Partners have started or been angel investors in ventures that achieve Annual Revenues of over $90 million. Since 2008, Seed Capital has facilitated more than a quarter billion dollars in funding for its consulting clients, resulting in over 5,000 new businesses. From retail to technology to product development, we have been part of or advised hundreds of companies and offer valuable consulting experience from both failure and success.









As Featured In































The Seed Capital Program
All too often in the quest to realize their dreams, entrepreneurs give away precious equity to finance their companies. Unfortunately, selling even a small percentage of shares to an investor can change the power structure and cause you to lose control of your vision.  You don't have to give up your ownership for startup funding; there is a better way.  Seed Capital's vast experience and knowledge with business credit will allow you to keep your equity and get the capital you need now and execute a step-by-step plan to build business credit and ultimately free yourself from all business related debt.  You should own your business, it should not own you.


                    Get Pre-Approved

Already have a business?  Did you know that 80% of businesses fail due to undercapitalization.... you can't afford NOT to have access to capital before you need it.  Will your business be well positioned to respond to the constantly changing market dynamics?  Will you be able to seize opportunities as they arise by having instant access to substantial liquid capital. Seed Capital will assist you in the development of your business credit and provide financial flexibility, the best insurance policy to ensure prolonged prosperity for your company.
The lines are underwritten and qualified wholly on a borrower’s credit rating, stated income and stated business information.





Phase


1

PHASE 1 features applications for STATED INCOME, UNSECURED, REVOLVING lines of credit that can be used for any purpose the business owner deems necessary including expansion, bridging cash flow, marketing, paying off existing business debts or any other reason.


Phase


2

PHASE 2 results in the acquisition of the PAYDEX score. With our guidance client's businesses can earn a perfect business credit rating (80 PAYDEX or better) in just a few months. Once this has been achieved, your business will start to receive preapproved offers from business credit providers and vendors. With strong financial statements, your company will have the best chances of obtaining large amounts of future working capital!


Phase


3

PHASE 3 is all about using your lines in the best way possible.  Banks prefer to lend to businesses that they have had long working relationships with, and Seed Capital will consult you on how to use your credit lines to maximize your future credit availability while still paying the least amount of interest.
















What our Clients are Saying
Seed Capital has an A+ RATING with the Better Business Bureau and has helped thousands of clients to attain the working capital credit lines they needed to start their businesses.  Here is a small sample of our clients who have obtained the initial working capital credit lines necessary to grow their business and are now on their way to the ultimate freedom, opportunity and security excellent business credit provides.



"When my paint contracting business needed additional working capital, we turned to Seed Capital to help us. I am pleased to say my business obtained $127,000 in credit lines and all the money was available to me in less than 3 weeks. I highly recommend Seed Capital and thank them for providing my business the opportunity to grow."
                            


Albert K.
Nevada



"When my partners and I decided to self-fund our social networking startup, we were constantly having to choose what features to build and which we couldn't afford just yet, severely limiting our ability to grow. With the help of Seed Capital we were able to raise $87,000 in working capital to fund new development and a detailed marketing plan while keeping full ownership of our business."


Brian M.
California



"My plaster and stucco business was limited to a maximum bid size of $25,000 by the State of Nevada Contractors Board. Seed Capital was able to secure $133,000 in credit lines allowing my business to qualify for jobs up to $250,000! Now I am able to bid on jobs 10 times the size! Thanks Seed Capital!"


Alvin A.
Nevada



"I received $97,000 in working capital for my wholesale clothing business and I am using my supply credit for shipments and sending catalogs. My business is growing like never before all because I took the time to work with Seed Capital and follow their plan. My revenues are now growing exponentially due to my ability to access the working capital I needed, when I needed it."


Brooke K.
California



"As a Real Estate Investor, I wanted to take advantage of foreclosures and short sales, and I applied with Seed Capital and achieved over $215,000 in credit lines, most at 0% for 6-15 months. This has allowed me to purchase 5 additional properties with significant cash flow."


Paul G.
Nevada















Frequently Asked Questions












Can my business be organized as any type of business entity?
Yes. You can use a Sole Proprietorship, LLC, S Corp or C Corp. However, 
                                    banks prefer to lend to individuals that have formed LLC's or Corporations.  Forming a business entity shows the banks that you are serious about your new venture and that you are willing to take the correct steps to legally protect it.  Don't have an entity yet?  That's no problem, we can help get your business started correctly no matter what state you are in.










How do you achieve results so quickly?
                                    
The Seed Capital program is the result of vast amounts of bank research, credit bureau research, legal consultation and trial and error.  Our level of understanding comes from the ability to compare and contrast thousands of applications and the resulting credit granted. 
                                    It may seem like it's too good to be true, but in fact the results of our program aren't magic, they are simply the function of experience, technical knowledge and a lot of hard work.














What are the minimum requirements for a business to become a client?
                                    
There are no officially set minimums on annual sales to become a client and the Seed Capital program is STATED INCOME.  However, it is of the utmost importance that you are truthful in your statements of business information as banks will be comparing your statements with their own research and due diligence.










What are the minimum requirements for an entrepreneur to qualify?
                                    
The CEO's credit score is by far the most important aspect, but at least one of the partners in the business should have a credit score of 680 or higher.  Banks believe that if you have been vigilant in achieving a high personal credit score then it is likely you will apply the same financial responsibility to your business.  Banks want to see consistent repayment history over time and the stronger your credit is the more they will be willing to lend.














Is there any risk or negative impact on me or my company?
There is no risk to you or your company other than the owner will receive inquiries on their personal credit report and those can have a minimal negative impact on the personal credit score for up to 6 months.










What types of startups are eligible?
Any type of Business is eligible for the Seed Capital program; however, businesses with clear paths to profitability are preferred. Remember, the credit lines will help get your business up and running fast, but you do have to service the debt, so be sure you can start ringing up sales quickly.







                    Get Pre-Approved













Product and Tech Incubator
Business Plan Analysis and Networking
After taking the time to write a thorough business plan detailing your concept, it may be hard to believe that you haven't thought of everything... But one thing we can guarantee to add is perspective. The founders of Seed Capital will review your concept (under NDA) and make positive suggestions and recommendations. Those could be for potential clients, partners, employees or even possible material changes to the revenue model. Every business is different but it's a good bet that we know someone who can help take yours to the next level.
VC Funding, Vendor and Partner Selection
In some very rare occasions we will become equity partners with a minority position in each startup in our incubator program which allows us be part of the future success yet leave the entrepreneur as the absolute majority stakeholder.  We have longstanding relationships with venture capital firms all across the U.S.  If you have a scalable business with traction, intellectual property or some other significant barrier to entry we'd love to hear about it.
We highly recommend you read the article 28 Mistakes Entrepreneurs Make When Pitching to Investors and adjust your deck accordingly.












Corporate Legal Services










Asset Management & Financial Planning














Commercial Leasing & Insurance










Celebrity Endorsements














Patent and Prototype Services










Merchant Services


















Get Pre-Approved in 60 Seconds




Do you qualify for the 50k Guarantee?
We guarantee at least $50,000 in Cash Business Lines or our program is FREE.  The program is based on Stated Income, provides Unsecured Credit Lines, and Startups are OK!
Get Pre-Approved 



















Contact Us





















































Mailing Address

                                            Seed Capital
                                            1707 Village Center Circle
                                            Suite 200
                                            Summerlin, NV 89134
                                            












Social

Twitter
Facebook















E-mail

info@seedcapitalcorp.com













Phone

                                            866.988.SEED
                                            











© 2017 Seed Capital - 
                   Privacy Policy























Tallwave Capital





























































We invest in B2B Tech companies.We're looking for innovative companies across the Southwest, Mountain West, and West Coast.View Our Portfolio



 Our FocusWe love B2B technology companies with a working product, market validation, and a big vision. For these companies, we look to invest $100,000 to $500,000 in the Seed and Post-Seed stages. 


      
        Contact Us to Apply
      
    


Complete the form below to begin the investment evaluation process.




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Company Name *



Notes / Message






Thank you!












 Founder CriteriaWe love scrappy entrepreneurs that know what to do with constructive and honest feedback. If you want to work with investors that are in your corner and help you bust through barriers, let’s join forces.   Here are the core values we look for in every entrepreneur we work with. Soulful Individuality







We are impassioned about the innovative people we invest in. We embrace the distinctive value they bring to the table. CreativeHustle







We embrace innovative responses to customer and market feedback. We value insight into the why as much as the how.Agile Problem Solving







We look for driven leaders, relentless in their pursuit of realizing their vision. We don’t accept the status quo while building the future together.Our ApproachWhat is our secret sauce? We couple our targeted network with tools, systems, and experience that have been deliberately built to reduce risk.We leverage these assets to assist in the heavy lifting required to get the company moving faster. 

More About Us
Our PortfolioFor early stage entrepreneurs who have an innovative idea that could change the world, we provide accountable funding, expansive networks, and proven systems to help solve the most pressing business, product, and growth challenges.Don’t believe us? Just talk to our great founders.

Check It Out





Get in Contact with UsHave an innovative idea that could change the world? We want to hear about it! 





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Company Name *



Your Message *






Thank you!



















CircleUp: The investment marketplace providing capital to innovative, early-stage consumer brands














































The way
breakthrough brands
raise capital



 

SOMA Water - Mike Del Ponte
Crosscut Ventures - Lead Investor






TECHNOLOGY THAT SHINES A LIGHT ON BREAKTHROUGH CONSUMER BRANDS






92,000
Average number of data points, per company, monitored and evaluated





1.2 Million
Companies continuously analyzed and organized into categories





#1
Top companies identified via machine learning and predictive analytics




WHAT WE EVALUATE








CircleUp is a licensed broker dealer. Find out more about the firm's background at FINRA BrokerCheck



A FEW OF THE 243 COMPANIES THAT HAVE RAISED ON CIRCLEUP



HELPING OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES ACCELERATE THEIR GROWTH


850+
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS
Funds, family offices, ready to invest in deals


100
INTRODUCTIONS PER MONTH
To professional investors by our capital markets team


79
RAISE DURATION IN DAYS
Dedicated team support throughout your raise


800+
FOUNDERS/CEOs
Network of entrepreneurs who joined CircleUp


5%
COMPANIES ACCEPTED
Meeting CircleUp's stringent acceptance criteria


365
MILLION DOLLARS RAISED
Raised with CircleUp's help




View Disclosures




MORE ABOUT ENTREPRENEUR BENEFITS



INSIGHTS AND INTERESTS















SEE ALL ARTICLES







 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Mutual Funds | No-Load Mutual Funds  | T. Rowe Price























 

















LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS 
LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS1
We offer low-cost mutual funds seeking to deliver consistent returns to help you achieve your financial goals. Over 75% of our funds for individual investors have expense ratios below their peer category averages.1







Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus















Daily Prices





Historical Performance





Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds





Dividend Distributions












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds






I want to research





Stock Funds








Bond Funds








Target Date Funds*







Asset Allocation Funds







Money Market Funds^










Overview

Provides long-term growth potential 

Access to companies across the globe
A range of funds—including domestic, international, and sector specific






Investor Profile

Need the growth potential of stocks to achieve long-term goals
Can withstand price volatility






   

View Stock Funds


More on Stock Funds












Overview

Emphasizes regular income
Offers access to bonds issued in the United States and around the world
A broad range of funds investing in U.S. Treasury, high yield, municipal, and international bonds






Investor Profile

Want to generate income
Are in a higher tax bracket, seeking tax-free income
Want to reduce the volatility of a stock-heavy portfolio
Can tolerate price fluctuations






   

View Bond Funds


More on Bond Funds












Overview

A one-stop approach to retirement investing
A mix of stocks and bonds that adjusts to and through retirement
Seeks to thoughtfully balance retirement risks






Investor Profile

Plan to retire close to a certain year
Want a convenient fund-of-funds solution
Want an investment that becomes more conservative as retirement approaches






  


View Target Date Funds


More on Target Date Funds












Overview

One-stop approach to investing
Broadly diversified stock, bond, and balanced funds
Designed for a range of investor risk profiles






Investor Profile

Want to invest in a diversified portfolio in a single investment
Want access to a wide range of investments in one mutual fund






   

View Asset Allocation Funds


More on Asset Allocation Funds












Overview

Lowest-risk mutual fund investment
Strive for preservation of capital^
A range of taxable and tax-free funds






Investor Profile

Have short-term investment goals
Prefer price stability over return potential
Want quick access to savings







View Money Market Funds


More on Money Market Funds


Money Market Reform: What you need to know













Why invest with T. Rowe Price? 



​Research is the lifeblood of our investment organization. Our focus on in-depth research to find the right investment opportunities across the globe means we can deliver diverse solutions to help you achieve your financial goals.Investors have relied on our disciplined approach for more than 75 years. Consistency is a hallmark of our investment process. We assess the risk and potential rewards of our investments.


​A seasoned investment team means continuity for you.


Our team’s expertise and collective experience allow us to thoughtfully focus on our ultimate goal—consistent, competitive performance for you.









T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details. 
Past performance cannot guarantee future results. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Diversification cannot assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
Based on cumulative total return, 174 of 232 (75%), 142 of 160 (89%), 115 of 127 (91%), and 105 of 114 (92%) T. Rowe Price stock funds (including all share classes and excluding funds used in insurance products) outperformed their Lipper averages for the 1-, 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)

1Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
*The principal value of the Retirement Funds and Target Funds (collectively, the "target date funds") is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The target date funds' allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The Retirement Funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term retirement withdrawal horizon. The Target Funds emphasize asset accumulation prior to retirement, balance the need for reduced market risk and income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a moderate postretirement withdrawal horizon. The target date funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The key difference between the Retirement Funds and the Target Funds is the overall allocation to equity; although they each maintain significant allocations to equities both prior to and after the target date, the Retirement Funds maintain a higher equity allocation, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.

The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

^Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.




















Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









