       
	NuPark Home
                             




Solutions
SolutionsAll SolutionsPermits
Citations & Enforcement
Integrated LPR
Events
Parking Analytics
Occupancy Management

 LEARN MOREIndustries
IndustriesAll IndustriesHigher EducationMunicipalitiesPrivate OperatorsRetail/CommercialHealthcare FacilitiesAirportsIndustriesLEARN MORECustomers
Our CustomersOur CustomersUnsung Heroes of ParkingUnsung Heroes of Parking: A Parkumentary Serieslearn more
PartnersCompany
CompanyAbout the CompanyMeet the TeamCareersIn the NewsBlogEvents | Synergize User SummitContact UsNuPark In the NewsREAD ABOUT USResourcesContact Us




Introducing Unsung Heroes of Parking: A Parkumentary SeriesNuPark is proud to present a series of parking documentaries that celebrate the amazing work of parking professionals and the daily contributions they make. Explore Parkumentary Page Discover NuPark’s revolutionary open parking management platformLearn More Before NuPark, I was provided solutions with finite boundaries with how I could manage parking and provide customer solutions. Now, I don't have boundaries and I have a lot of cool tools that are only limited by imagination.- Matt McDanielsDeputy Chief/Associate Director of Public Safety Services | Sam Houston State University Why Switch to NuPark? 


Synergize User Summit Registration Now OpenRegister for SynergizeNuPark Introduces Next Generation of Parking Management PlatformLearn MoreUNC Charlotte Selects NuPark for LPR Parking ManagementRead About It


SOLUTIONSOpen SystemAdvance your parking operation with NuPark's revolutionary open parking management solution. Backed by industry leading customer service and support.Permits
Citations & Enforcement
Integrated LPR
Events
Parking Analytics
Occupancy Management
PermitsSimplify the process of issuing, tracking and enforcing virtual and physical permits. Regardless of whether permits are sold in the office, online or via mobile app, all transactions are handled through one system with NuPark.LEARN MORE  
Citations & EnforcementIssue physical or eCitations via email, mail, or printed on the fly. Manage citation appeals both online or in the office. Manage boot and tow process electronically according to your policies.LEARN MORE  
Integrated LPRBuilt for LPR from the ground up with all collected LPR data to be housed in one seamless system with the rest of your parking data.LEARN MORE  
EventsParking is the first and last impression of a successful event. Don't let a bad parking experience ruin a great event.LEARN MORE  
Parking AnalyticsGet unprecedented visibility into every aspect of your parking operation. Understand how parking is actually being used, not only how it’s being sold. Make decisions based on data.LEARN MORE 
Occupancy ManagementProvide an amazing parking experience by managing parking occupancy in an easy, simple and intuitive manner. Learn more here.LEARN MORE 




Industry leaders powered by NuPark.View More NuPark Customers








                
       
	NuPark Team
                             




Solutions
SolutionsAll SolutionsPermits
Citations & Enforcement
Integrated LPR
Events
Parking Analytics
Occupancy Management

 LEARN MOREIndustries
IndustriesAll IndustriesHigher EducationMunicipalitiesPrivate OperatorsRetail/CommercialHealthcare FacilitiesAirportsIndustriesLEARN MORECustomers
Our CustomersOur CustomersUnsung Heroes of ParkingUnsung Heroes of Parking: A Parkumentary Serieslearn more
PartnersCompany
CompanyAbout the CompanyMeet the TeamCareersIn the NewsBlogEvents | Synergize User SummitContact UsNuPark In the NewsREAD ABOUT USResourcesContact Us
























Partner with Experienced Professionals
 With more than 245 years of combined parking experience, NuPark’s greatest strength is our committed team members and their industry expertise. Many of NuPark's members have experienced firsthand the challenges our customers face everyday in their parking operations, so you can rest assured that we are focused on your needs. We are a team of parking professionals dedicated to your success.





Meet Our TeamFilter by:

All
Customer Support
Development
Implementation
Management
Marketing
Sales










Adams Mike
Mike Adams
Regional Sales Manager


With over 13 years of experience, Mike believes in a collaborative approach with the client. He has helped many parking operations reach their business goals.





Berger Jason
Jason Berger
Senior Support Engineer


Jason has a knack for thinking on his feet and suggesting out-of-the-box solutions. With more than 17 years of support experience, Jason excels at troubleshooting and implementing new processes.





Bliss Carlene
Carlene Bliss
Senior Data Consultant


Carlene is responsible for all things data-related. With over 10 years of experience working in the parking industry, her attention to detail is unparalleled.





Civitelli Michael
Michael Civitelli
Senior National Sales Manager


Michael has more than 20 years of experience in the parking industry. He brings his unique insight of a user to help parking systems use technology to be more effective, efficient, and user friendly.





Coffey Dan
Dan Coffey
Support Engineer


Daniel derives great satisfaction from helping people overcome their software and hardware issues. His primary interests include video games, SQL databases, software development, and problem solving.





Copeland, PMP Lisa
Lisa Copeland, PMP
Implementation Consultant


In Lisa’s 14 years of municipal experience, she has dealt with numerous parking software applications. Now, Lisa applies her knowledge of customers’ operational needs to ensure a successful transition plan.





Estrada Paul
Paul Estrada
Hardware Specialist


Paul is a true expert in his trade as NuPark’s Hardware Specialist with his years of technician background. Besides dealing with hardware, Paul also has a knack for dealing with people.





Freeman Mark
Mark Freeman
Director of Customer Support


With more than 20 years of experience in parking, Mark understands the industry. Mark’s fascination with technology and desire to find solution­s ensure that he offers outstanding customer support.





Frick Mark
Mark Frick
Senior Developer


Mark applies his experience as a Systems Architect, DBA, Project Manager, and Software Engineer to every aspect of NuPark’s operations, while striving to exceed the client’s expectations.





Frick Ron
Ron Frick
Co-Founder/Senior Application Developer


Ron’s passion for programming has been credited for much of NuPark’s product development. With over a decade of parking experience, Ron lives by the motto of "do or do not, there is no try".





Guess Jeffrey
Jeffrey Guess
Implementation Consultant


Jeffrey has built a steady career in the industry. As part of the NuPark team, he applies his strong customer service skills to listening to the customer and understanding their unique challenges.





Harris Russell
Russell Harris
Hardware Associate


Russell brings over 10 years of electrical installation experience to NuPark from a Public Safety environment.





Havenwood Courtney
Courtney Havenwood
Communication Specialist


Courtney uses her passion for photography, design, and writing to help others see that parking is necessary rather than a nuisance, and how a smooth parking operation makes life fun rather than frustrating.





Keller Mark
Mark Keller
Support Engineer


Mark’s 14 years of experience with hosting parking platforms help him understand what affects customers. Mark ensures that client operations run smoothly while also integrating new products to enhance the experience.





Lambert Stephen
Stephen Lambert
Co-Founder/Chief Technology Officer


Stephen co-founded NuPark due to his desire to lead in cutting-edge innovation. After 20 years of experience, Stephen spearheads NuPark’s technological achievements and new product development.





LaMothe Andrew
Andrew LaMothe
Regional Sales Director - West


Andrew is known within the parking community for his active volunteerism and his reputation for caring about the people aspect of business. He emphasizes strong customer relationships above all else.





Larson Joslyn
Joslyn Larson
Implementation Consultant


Joslyn brings over 10 years of parking experience to her role as an Implementation Consultant. Joslyn believes that creating solid customer relationships is key to driving customer satisfaction.





Le Grévellec Jennifer
Jennifer Le Grévellec
Application Developer


Jennifer has spent over 12 years working in the university parking market and 15 years in web and graphic design. She is passionate about making sure software is user-friendly, aesthetically pleasing, and functional.





Leida Jim
Jim Leida
Vice President of Sales


Jim, who considers himself a servant team leader, is committed to building and maintaining a sales team of problem solvers. He provides his team with tools that help to improve their work.





Leween Chris
Chris Leween
Support Engineer


In loving memory of Chris Leween. Chris was a beloved advocate to our clients, and we were privileged to have such a great colleague on the NuPark team.





Malik Aqeel
Aqeel Malik
Data Specialist


Aqeel brings over 10 years of data experience to the NuPark team. As a data guru who has worked both nationally and internationally, Aqeel has no issues being your go-to for data conversion.





Maynard Julie
Julie Maynard
Business Operations Manager


Relying on more than eight years of experience within the parking industry, Julie contributes to the areas of product management, partner management, business operations, and sales support.





Meredith Rene
Rene Meredith
Implementation Consultant


Rene has a passion for providing software solutions that streamline business operations. Rene manages each new project efficiently to exceed customer expectations and deliver the best solution.





Messman Pete
Pete Messman
Regional Sales Director-Southeast


Pete loves helping NuPark’s clients solve the challenges in today’s parking operations. A curious problem solver by nature, Pete investigates how new technology can improve parking experiences for his customers.





Michael Zach
Zach Michael
Hardware Associate


Zach has more than five years of experience installing hardware and he brings that experience to each and every customer.





Newcomer Shari
Shari Newcomer
Implementation Consultant


Shari’s level-headed approach to implementation comes from her experience in planning and investigation. Shari displays perseverance and exceptional communication with clients.





Norris Michael
Michael Norris
Service Support Engineer


With over 15 years of experience in support, QA, data conversions and interfaces, Michael loves overcoming challenges in troubleshooting. 





Schilly Sharon
Sharon Schilly
VP Professional Services


Sharon has almost 20 years in the parking industry. She finds that the most rewarding part of the job at NuPark is helping to deliver unique parking solutions that exceed customer expectations.





Schleyer Mark
Mark Schleyer
Regional Sales Director-Northeast


Mark brings over 20 years of successful technology experience. He is happy to share his knowledge on system integration, big data visualization, and parking systems.





Uhlenhaker Kevin
Kevin Uhlenhaker
Co-Founder/Chief Executive Officer


Kevin’s mission as CEO of NuPark is to run an ethical company that does right by customers while improving their lives. Kevin applies his 20 years of in-depth experience to empower parking professionals.





Wallace Brooks
Brooks Wallace
Hardware Associate


One of the youngest members of the NuPark team, Brooks initially joined in 2016. His desire to turn his electronics hobby into a career makes him a perfect fit as a Hardware Associate.





Wallace David
David Wallace
Senior Developer


David is relentless in his quest for perfection. With over a decade of industry experience working in the university parking sector, David has a thorough and logical understanding of NuPark clients’ software needs.





Yu Tiffany
Tiffany Yu
Director of Marketing


Tiffany brings a refreshing level of creative energy and direction to the NuPark team. Over the course of her career, Tiffany has been recognized for her outstanding volunteerism in the industry.















                


	NUPARK Trademark of NUPARK, INC.. Serial Number: 86480807 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Transportation & Storage Services
NUPARK










 
Get FREE email alerts













NUPARK  Trademark Information
 NUPARK, INC.
Car parking; Parking garages services; Parking lot services; Providing real-time information concerning vehicle parking space availability; Provision of car parking facilities; Vehicle parking; Vehicle parking services relating to the availability of on-street and off-street parking spaces




Perfect for these industries

Transportation & Storage Services 





Words that describe this mark
car   parking   parking   garages   services   parking   lot   services   providing   realtime   information   concerning   vehicle   parking   space   availability   provision   car   parking   facilities   vehicle   parking   vehicle   parking   services   relating    
                                    




This is a brand page for the NUPARK trademark by NUPARK, INC. 
                                in CEDAR PARK, TX, 78613.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this NUPARK trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner NUPARK, INC. of the NUPARK trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the NUPARK trademark.
                           






On Monday, December 15, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        NUPARK by 
                        NUPARK, INC., CEDAR PARK, TX  78613.
                        The USPTO has given the NUPARK 
                        trademark serial  number of  86480807.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for NUPARK is 
                        
                        
                                            JOSHUA G. JONES of 
                                            REED & SCARDINO LLP,  301 CONGRESS AVE SUITE 1250, AUSTIN, TX 78701 
                                .
                            The NUPARK trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Transportation & Storage Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for NUPARK 
                            is Car parking; Parking garages services; Parking lot services; Providing real-time information concerning vehicle parking space availability; Provision of car parking facilities; Vehicle parking; Vehicle parking services relating to the availability of on-street and off-street parking spaces. 
                            





Word mark:
 NUPARK


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

8/4/2015



  Serial Number:  
86480807


  Filing Date:  
12/15/2014


 Registration Number:  
4785765 


 Registration Date:  
8/4/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Car parking; Parking garages services; Parking lot services; Providing real-time information concerning vehicle parking space availability; Provision of car parking facilities; Vehicle parking; Vehicle parking services relating to the availability of on-street and off-street parking spaces


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/19/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

NUPARK, INC.CEDAR PARK, TX  78613
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JOSHUA G. JONES
REED & SCARDINO LLP
301 CONGRESS AVE SUITE 1250
AUSTIN, TX 78701






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (039) - Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your NUPARK trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/4/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JOSHUA G. JONES


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of NUPARK trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search nupark on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for NUPARK 




NUPARK is providing Car parking; Parking garages services; Parking lot services; Providing real-time information concerning vehicle parking space availability; Provision of car parking facilities; Vehicle parking; Vehicle parking services relating to the availability of on-street and off-street parking spaces.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 
































Nupark Co., Ltd., No 195 Ying Jin Rd Jin Hui Town Fengxian District Shanghai Cn | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Nupark Co., Ltd.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  China






        See Nupark Co., Ltd.'s products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
1 U.S. shipment available for Nupark Co., Ltd., updated weekly since 2007




Date
Supplier
Customer
Details

          41          more fields
        


2008-03-27
See all 1 shipment record for Nupark Co., Ltd. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 customer of Nupark Co., Ltd.
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Melaleuca Inc. 






1 customer available
        







Contact information for Nupark Co., Ltd.


 

Address
No 195 Ying Jin Rd Jin Hui Town Fengxian District Shanghai Cn

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Date
2008-03-27


Shipper Name
Nupark Co Ltd


Shipper Address
NO 195 YING JIN ROAD JIN HUI TOWN, FENGXIAN DISTRICT, SHANGHAI,   CN


Consignee Name
Melaleuca Inc


Consignee Address
3910 S YELLOWSTONE HWY, IDAHO FALLS, ID 83042 US


Weight
903


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
903.0


Quantity
103


Quantity Unit
CTN


Measure
6


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
China


Details
903.0 kgFrom port: Shanghai, ChinaTo port: Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


Place of Receipt
Shanghai


Foreign Port of Lading
Shanghai, China


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


Commodity
Pharmaceutical Containers Alloy Cologne Cap


Container
KKFU1350064


Marks Description
Poc3933


Carrier Name
SHIPCO TRANSPORT INC


Vessel Name
CHISWICK BRIDGE


Voyage Number
39E


Bill of Lading Number
SHPTSEA5016974


Master Bill of Lading Number
KKLUSH9280466


HTS Codes
HTS 3923







 


Other suppliers from China include

Chongqing Jinmingjie KnitwearsGlobal Engineered Products, Inc.Jeter Shipping (Guangzhou) Ltd.Ningbo Dongqian Lake Tour&HolidayNingbo Holite Electrical Co., Ltd.Home Art Co., Ltd.Yiwu Xing Ji Imp.&Exp. Co., Ltd.Y&R International(Wuhu)IndustrialVero Bello Fashion Co., Ltd.T And C Fasterner Co., Ltd..
            






Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 












Register





































 
Register
Log in



Register
 Create a new account


 
Email





Password





Confirm password





































NuPark, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





NuPark, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



NuPark, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2012




Headquarters


912 Petaluma Drive, Cedar Park, TX 78613-2829




Industries


Computer Software

Holding Companies




Company Description


NuPark, Inc. develops a web-based parking management platform. It includes customer iOS and Android application, a citation review interface, a full boot tow module, an entry station, a motorist assist module, permit waitlist support, real time banner integration; customer, appeal, citation, vehicle and event management solutions. The firm serves colleges and universities, cities, municipalities, private operators, medical centers, airport and off-airport markets. The company was founded by Kevin Uhlenhaker in 2012 and is headquartered in Cedar Park, TX.




Website


http://www.nupark.com






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
May 19, 2017





                        National Parking Association Announces Parking Power Network Tour Sponsored by NuPark                    





PR Newswire
May 15, 2017





                        NuPark Introduces Next-Generation Smart Parking Management Platform                    





PR Newswire
March 8, 2017





                        Auburn University Selects NuPark To Improve Parking Management Efficiency, Customer Service And To Create A More Sustainable Campus                    





PR Newswire
February 21, 2017





                        Florida International University Expands Sustainable Transportation Options With Dynamic Carpool Management And Virtual Permitting                    





PR Newswire
January 30, 2017





                        City Of Flagstaff, AZ, Selects NuPark As Part Of Its New Comprehensive Parking Management System                    






 Executives & Employees



Kevin Uhlenhaker

Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ron Frick

Chief Software Architect







                          Board of Directors                        



Rosa L. McCormick

President at Flat Rock Holdings, Inc.




Perry Griffith

Director at NuPark, Inc.





Kevin Uhlenhaker

Chief Executive Officer & Director at NuPark, Inc.




Blake Yeager

Director at NuPark, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to NuPark, Inc.



                        NuPark, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 NuPark, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with NuPark, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    NuPark, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    NuPark, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Ron Frick

                                    Chief Software Architect at NuPark, Inc.                                




 Details Hidden


Kevin Uhlenhaker

                                    Chief Executive Officer & Director at NuPark, Inc.                                




 Details Hidden


Wild Basin Investments LLC

                                    Wild Basin Investments LLC provides investment services. It offers portfolio management for pre-Wild Basin equity and real estate investments. It also co-invests with others in equity rounds. The company was founded in November, 2007 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.                                




 Details Hidden


TechStars Central, LLC

                                    TechStars focuses on seed stage investments in start-up technology companies. Each year, the firm invests in approximately ten companies in each of the following areas: Boston, New York City, Boulder, Colorado, Seattle, Washington and San Antonio, Texas                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














NUPARK, INC. - PORTLAND, OR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



PORTLAND



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            NUPARK, INC.
                                    



 





















N 


NUPARK, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4228 SW SHATTUCK RD PORTLAND, OR 97221
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated OR
 Annual Revenue $51,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts G F PARKER






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Nupark, Inc. was founded in 2010, and is located at 4228 Sw Shattuck Rd in Portland. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $51,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







N

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Buy NuPark Mobile - Microsoft Store




































































Microsoft



Store










 No results




0
 items in shopping cart




Sign in








Store








Renew your Office 365 subscription today >



































Thank you

                    Thanks for your order. We hope you’ll come visit us again sometime soon.
                

Close


















NuPark Mobile

Published by

NuPark Inc.




Rated: 5.0 stars out of 5










Price





Free












                    Get the app
                



            Get the app
        







This app does not work on your device.




May require certain hardware. See System Requirements for details.    
 













Everyone



































Screenshots


PC


PC


mobile device


 


































Description



NuPark Mobile for Parking Enforcement and Event Management on mobile devices
More




Available on


PC



Mobile device



 











Version notes
Version number: 1.17.195.0
Added closeout for event sales.









System Requirements






Minimum



OS
Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile


Architecture
x86, x64, ARM


Touch
Integrated Touch


Camera
Integrated Camera










Recommended



OS
Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile


Architecture
x86, x64, ARM


Touch
Integrated Touch


Camera
Integrated Camera











Additional info





Published by



NuPark Inc.    


NuPark Inc.    



More




Approximate download size


73.49 MB                

More




Category


Business                

More





Age rating



Everyone






This app can



Use your location    


Use your webcam    


Use your microphone    


Use devices that support Near Field Communication (NFC) services    


Communicate with already paired Bluetooth devices    


Use barcode scanners and magnetic card readers    


Access your Internet connection    


Use your pictures library    



More








Installation


Get this app while signed in to your Microsoft account and install on up to ten Windows 10 devices.                

More




Language supported



English (United States)    



More






Publisher Info




Publisher Website
 



Publisher Support
 



More




Additional terms




NuPark Mobile privacy policy
 



More






Report this app to Microsoft
 


Thanks for reporting your concern. Our team will review it and, if necessary, take action.    



Sign in    to report this app to Microsoft
 









Report this app to Microsoft













NuPark Mobile




                                Report this app to Microsoft
                            


Potential violation


Offensive content


Child exploitation


Malware or virus


Privacy concerns


Misleading app


Poor performance







                                    How you found the violation and any other useful info
                                



                                0/1000
                            




                                    Submit
                                

                                    Cancel
                                






















Ratings and reviews
Filter by:

All versions


All versions


Most recent




All platforms


All platforms


PC


Mobile




All ratings


All ratings


1 star


2 stars


3 stars


4 stars


5 stars





5.0




Rated: 5.0 stars out of 5













5 5 stars


1






4 4 stars


0






3 3 stars


0






2 2 stars


0






1 1 star


0






To rate and review this product go to client store on the device it’s installed on.



Your review



Rating:/5








































                        Developer comment
                    
                    ·
                     responded on 







Update




Thanks.  Your review will post soon.




There was an error posting your review.  Please try again later.








1-1 of 1 reviews
Sort by:

Most helpful


Most helpful


Most recent


Highest rated


Lowest rated








Rating:5/5








8/15/2016
Ron
Mobile


Awesome


            Love it!
        

            More
        

                More
            




Was this helpful?
YES
NO


REPORT


Contains spam or advertising


Contains profanity


Contains offensive content















Rating:/5































Platform: 










                        More
                    



                        More
                    

More





                            Developer comment
                        
                        · 
                         responded on 






Was this helpful?
YES
NO


REPORT


Contains spam or advertising


Contains profanity


Contains offensive content
















Previous


Next







            Thank you for your feedback.
        



            Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.
        













Close




















NuPark Mobile





                                    Rate this product 
                                


Rate this product


1 star


2 stars


3 stars


4 stars


5 stars




                                    Don't forget to give it a star rating.
                                





                                        Select a platform
                                    


Select a platform


PC


Mobile




                                        Please select a platform
                                    




Write a review (optional)

                                Give it a headline
                            


                                0/55
                            




                                    Tell us what you think
                                



                                0/1000
                            




Microsoft may email you a response from the app provider (but won’t share your email address). Use the link in the email to opt out of future communications.


Submit
Cancel



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












