


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.13
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.69%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.87%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 23:56:14 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


nfX5glaYSJzFAdgsVs6bnrM

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















 

	JMF - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund
	
		(NYSE: JMF)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature







Glossary





Asset Allocation
As of 06/30/2017












Fund Characteristics





As of 6/30/2017 

# of Holdings 36

%Foreign Holdings ‡4.0%

% Large, Mid, Small Cap†55.2%,24.5%,20.3%











			Top 10 Issuers


				As of
				06/30/2017

View All Holdings






Issuer% Portfolio

Williams Partners LP: Equity10.8%

EnLink Midstream Partners LP: Equity8.8%

DCP Midstream LP: Equity8.4%

Plains All American Pipeline LP: Equity8.2%

Energy Transfer Partners LP: Equity7.7%

Buckeye Partners L.P.: Equity6.0%

MPLX LP: Equity4.2%

Enable Midstream Partners LP: Equity4.2%

Enbridge Energy Partners LP: Equity3.9%

TC Pipelines LP: Equity3.9%








			Top 5 Industries


				As of
				06/30/2017








Industry% Portfolio

Oil Gas Storage89.4%

Oil Gas Refine9.1%

Energy Equipment & Services1.4%

Banks0.1%








Holdings may vary and are subject to change without notice.

						
							Fund shares are not guaranteed or endorsed by any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Shares of closed-end funds are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of principal invested. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
							
					








					An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the
					Overview
					tab.



NOTES

* For the percentage of the portfolio invested in debt securities.
Totals may not add to 100% due to rounding.
†For the percentage of the portfolio invested in equities.




Fund data is updated daily, monthly, and quarterly, depending on the specific data point.
	Click 
HERE

		for the update schedule.
	




Frequency
Data included


Daily all funds:

Market price, NAV, premium/discount, annualized distribution rates on market price and NAV


Monthly all funds:
Assets, leverage, expenses, total return performance, distribution amounts, earnings & UNII 


Monthly certain funds:

				Municipal bond fund holdings and portfolio information
			


Monthly certain funds, with 1-month lag:

				Taxable fund holdings and portfolio information except JCE, NSL, JFR and JRO; and % AMT for municipal bond funds
			


Quarterly certain funds:

				JCE, NSL, JFR, and JRO holdings and portfolio information, tax characteristic estimates for distributions from funds paying quarterly distributions
			


Quarterly all funds:

				SEC filings (annual shareholder report, semi-annual shareholder report, or 10-Q filing)
			























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































	JMF - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund
	
		(NYSE: JMF)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Glossary




Objective

			 The Fund’s investment objective is to provide tax-advantaged total return.


Highlights

Actively managed portfolio of energy MLPs, an important and rapidly growing asset class
Tax-advantaged quarterly distributions with simplified tax reporting (Form 1099, not K-1s)
MLPs offer a potential hedge against inflation, as well as the potential for capital appreciation and increasing current income.
Advisory Research Investment Management has been managing MLP portfolios since 1995, the longest track record in the industry.  Their specialized investment process starts top-down to identify broad investment themes and trends in this dramatically growing market, then concludes with rigorous bottom-up analysis seeking to identify high quality, high value investment opportunities.




Investment Strategy

			The fund invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships (“MLPs”) operating in the energy sector. The fund may use various hedging techniques in seeking to enhance its risk-adjusted total return over the longer term. The fund uses leverage.
		








Click on the labels above to hide/show the respective graph lines.


			The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made on the date indicated. Original Investment & Cumulative Distributions is the original investment value added to the cash flow received from distributions. The total returns are not adjusted to reflect the effects of taxation and assume reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
		

			Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
		






Daily Pricing




Closing Share Price  (As of 7/26/2017)$12.97

Closing NAV per Share  (As of 7/26/2017)$12.22

Premium / Discount**6.14%

Current Distribution Rate (Market price)††10.39%

Distribution Amount (Quarterly)††$0.3370

Distribution Type Cash Flow







Literature Downloads



Quarterly Fact Sheet
Subscribe


Quarterly Commentary
Subscribe


UNII Information
Subscribe


Monthly Distributions
Subscribe


Distribution Schedule







Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report










Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information







RISKSInvestment, Market, and Price Risk: Closed-end fund shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.  Common shares frequently trade at a discount to their NAV.  At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than you paid, even after considering the reinvestment of fund distributions.MLP Units Risk: An investment in MLP units involves risks that differ from a similar investment in equity securities. Holders of MLP units have the rights typically afforded to limited partners in a limited partnership, which include more limited control and voting rights than common stockholders of a corporation receive.Concentration Risk: The fund’s investments are concentrated in issuers of one or a few specific economic sectors,  so the fund may be subject to more risks than if it were broadly diversified across the economy.Common Stock Risk: Common stock returns often have experienced significant volatility.Tax Risk: The tax treatment of fund distributions may be affected by future changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities.Leverage Risk: The fund’s use of leverage may cause higher volatility for the fund’s per share NAV, market price, and distributions.  Leverage typically magnifies the total return of the fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative. Leverage is intended to increase common share net income, but there is no assurance that the fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.  Different forms of leverage, including swaps, may introduce additional credit or interest rate risk. Leverage may also increase a fund’s liquidity risk, as the fund may need to sell securities at inopportune times to stay within fund or regulatory limits.
NOTES


					** The premium/discount is calculated as (most recent price/most recent NAV) -1.






†† Cash-flow Based Distribution

				Historical distribution sources have included net investment income, realized gains and return of capital. If a distribution includes anything other than net investment income, the fund provides a notice of the best estimate of its distribution sources at that time which may be viewed at nuveen.com/CEFdistributions. These estimates may not match the final tax characterization (for the full year’s distributions) contained in shareholders’ 1099-DIV forms after the end of the year. You should not draw any conclusions about a fund’s past or future investment performance from its current distribution rate.
			

				Distribution rates represent the latest declared regular distribution, annualized, relative to the most recent market price and NAV. Special distributions, including special capital gains distributions, are not included in the calculation.
			
















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
229253-INV-Y-07/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































	JMF - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund
	
		(NYSE: JMF)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








SEC Filings
		 | Additional Fund Info | Glossary






						Capital Structure



								As of
								6/30/2017
							





Common Net Assets$494,486,050

Debt Borrowing$192,000,000

Total Managed Assets$686,486,050

Total Investment Exposure$686,486,050









						Leverage
As of
						6/30/2017



 DollarPercent

Total Regulatory Leverage$192,000,00027.97%

Effective Leverage$192,000,00027.97%

Asset Coverage 1--357.54%





						 



Average Leverage Costs^ 

Annualized leverage cost, based on the latest month1.95%




						 




Common Shares 

Shares Outstanding39,562,300

Avg. Daily Volume (in shares)173,986





View Leverage Reference Grid








				Fund Basics
			




CUSIP67074U103

NAV TickerXJMFX

Inception Date2/23/2011

Inception NAV$19.10

Inception Share Price$20.00








					Annual Expense Ratios
As of
					6/30/2017



 Common SharesTotal Fund

Management Fees1.43%1.05%

Other Expenses0.09%0.07%

SubTotal:1.52%1.12%

Interest Expense from Leverage0.54%0.40%

Deferred Tax Expense/(Benefit)1.35%1.00%

Total3.41%2.52%





							Fund fees and expenses are presented as a percentage of both common shareholder capital and total fund investment capital. Total investment capital includes common assets as well as assets attributable to the fund's issuance of senior securities (e.g. preferred shares and debt). The table's first column portrays the costs directly and indirectly borne by common shareholders on an investment in the fund's common shares. The table's second column portrays the costs borne by the fund on its total investment capital, which enables a common shareholder to better understand how fund expenses impact portfolio investment returns. Interest expenses from leverage are shown separately, because they represent costs associated with the fund's financing activities which are distinct from the costs associated with the fund's underlying core operations.
						

							Total fund expenses include the prior 12 months of accrued deferred tax expense.  In certain circumstances, this amount may be negative which represents the reversal of previously accrued deferred tax expense.  In this case, the negative amount would be considered a deferred tax benefit over this time period.
Expense ratios are calculated using the prior 12 months of expense data as of the previous month-end.








Fund shares are not guaranteed or endorsed by any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Shares of closed-end funds are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of principal invested. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview tab.




				NOTES


1 The ratio of total assets of the Fund, less all liabilities that are not outstanding borrowings or outstanding preferreds, at par, to the sum of the Fund’s outstanding borrowings and outstanding preferreds, at par.

^ The annualized ratio of the sum of leverage costs to the average leverage amount for a given time period.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
14249-INV-Y-02/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



































    JMF Key Statistics - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund

                  NYSE: JMF
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:02 p.m.


JMF

/quotes/zigman/4149079/composite


$
12.97




Change

-0.02
-0.15%

Volume
Volume 105,366
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/4149079/composite
Previous close

$
			12.99
		


$
				12.97
			
Change

-0.02
-0.15%





Day low
Day high
$12.95
$13.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $11.42
        

            $14.55
        

















			Company Description 


			Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The fund's investment objective is to provide tax-advantaged total return. It invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships operating in the energy sector. The company was founded on ...
		


                Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The fund's investment objective is to provide tax-advantaged total return. It invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships operating in the energy sector. The company was founded on September 27, 2010 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.^
            




Valuation

P/E Current
9.84


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
9.86


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
10.09


Price to Book Ratio
0.99


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
11.26


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
8.63


Enterprise Value to Sales
-8.72


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.27

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
-28.58


Total Asset Turnover
-0.10



Profitability

Return on Assets
6.55


Return on Equity
9.81


Return on Total Capital
7.17


Return on Invested Capital
7.20

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
35.95


Total Debt to Total Capital
26.44


Total Debt to Total Assets
23.19


Long-Term Debt to Equity
35.00


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
25.75





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Gifford R. Zimmerman 
60
2010
Chief Administrative Officer



Ms. Tina M. Lazar 
55
2010
Vice President



Mr. Cedric H. Antosiewicz 
54
2010
Vice President



Ms. Margo L. Cook 
52
2010
Vice President



Ms. Lorna C. Ferguson 
71
2010
Vice President





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/21/2017

William J. Schneider 


40,030


 
Disposition at $11.85 per share.


474,355


05/11/2017

Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC                            


5,250


 
Disposition at $13.23 per share.


69,457


04/21/2017

William J. Schneider 


3,730


 
Disposition at $13.35 per share.


49,795


12/07/2016

William J. Schneider 


11,250


 
Acquisition at $13.3 per share.


149,625


04/18/2016

William J. Schneider 


4,860


 
Acquisition at $10.24 per share.


49,766


02/02/2016

William J. Schneider 


5,800


 
Acquisition at $8.63 per share.


50,054


12/15/2015

William J. Schneider 


21,850


 
Acquisition at $9.24 per share.


201,894


12/07/2015

Terence John Toth 


1,300


 
Disposition at $9.75 per share.


12,675


12/07/2015

Terence John Toth 


780


 
Disposition at $9.74 per share.


7,597


12/07/2015

Terence John Toth 


400


 
Disposition at $9.74 per share.


3,896


12/07/2015

Terence John Toth 


100


 
Disposition at $9.75 per share.


975


12/04/2015

Quinn Thomas Kiley                            


830


 
Acquisition at $10.98 per share.


9,113


12/04/2015

Quinn Thomas Kiley                            


1,570


 
Acquisition at $10.99 per share.


17,254


12/04/2015

Quinn Thomas Kiley                            


2,470


 
Acquisition at $11.04 per share.


27,268


03/17/2015

Quinn Thomas Kiley                            


1,400


 
Acquisition at $17.56 per share.


24,584








/news/latest/company/us/jmf

      MarketWatch News on JMF
    
No News currently available for JMF





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/jmf

      Other News on JMF
    





Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

7:30 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

10:57 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

9:51 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own

9:00 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs

6:25 p.m. April 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%

7:59 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode

11:43 a.m. March 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields

11:50 a.m. March 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry

4:30 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%

1:19 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming

8:30 a.m. Feb. 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early

12:10 p.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge

11:21 a.m. Feb. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Jacobus Wealth Management, Inc. Buys iShares US Preferred Stock, Deutsche X-trackers MSCI EAFE ...

6:38 p.m. Feb. 3, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized

9:00 a.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table

9:00 a.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning

9:00 a.m. Jan. 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Closed-End Funds: When Simple Statistics Beats Fundamental Knowledge, Part 4

8:45 a.m. Dec. 22, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





How To Make A 9.4% Yield In Today's Market

7:18 a.m. Dec. 21, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





MLP: Fourth Quarter 2016 Review

6:01 a.m. Dec. 21, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund
333 West Wacker Drive


Chicago, Illinois 60606




Phone
1 3129177700


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
11/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$-79.84M


Net Income
$52.02M


Employees

        -


Annual Report for JMF











/news/pressrelease/company/us/jmf

      Press Releases on JMF
    
No News currently available for JMF







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:17 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































JMF Stock Price - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,679


33


0.15%











S&P F

2,478.50


5.25


0.21%











NASDAQ F

5,988.75


40.75


0.69%











Gold

1,268.60


13.00


1.04%











Silver

16.765


0.306


1.86%











Crude Oil

48.59


-0.16


-0.33%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:13a

Updated
Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low



9:12a

Shell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices



9:11a

Vale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output



9:09a

Updated
U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000



9:09a

Amazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session



9:08a

Amazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close



9:07a

Marijuana media company High Times is going public



9:02a

Updated
Trump has kept his promises — to Wall Street



9:00a

Millions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue



9:00a

Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


JMF


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



JMF
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund

Watchlist 
CreateJMFAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
12.97



-0.02
-0.15%






Previous Close




$12.9900





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




69.46% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    105.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 151.7K
            





Open: 13.03
Close: 12.97



12.9500
Day Low/High
13.0500





Day Range



11.4201
52 Week Low/High
14.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$13.03



Day Range
12.9500 - 13.0500



52 Week Range
11.4201 - 14.5500



Market Cap
$511.61M



Shares Outstanding
39.45M



Public Float
35.03M



Beta
1.19



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
9.82



EPS
$1.32



Yield
10.39%



Dividend
$0.34



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
431.69K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.23%



Average Volume
151.7K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.46%







1 Month


0.54%







3 Month


-4.70%







YTD


-4.21%







1 Year


5.70%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










It’s Time to Take a Fresh Look at MLPs


Oct. 22, 2016 at 12:39 a.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'
Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

Jul. 5, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says
MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield
Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

May. 30, 2017 at 9:51 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own
The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own

May. 11, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs


Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%


Apr. 3, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode


Mar. 30, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields


Mar. 8, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry


Mar. 2, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming


Feb. 25, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early


Feb. 9, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge


Feb. 9, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Jacobus Wealth Management, Inc. Buys iShares US Preferred Stock, Deutsche X-trackers MSCI EAFE ...


Feb. 3, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table


Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Closed-End Funds: When Simple Statistics Beats Fundamental Knowledge, Part 4


Dec. 22, 2016 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How To Make A 9.4% Yield In Today's Market


Dec. 21, 2016 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLP: Fourth Quarter 2016 Review


Dec. 21, 2016 at 5:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha







No Headlines Available








Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund


            
            Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The fund's investment objective is to provide tax-advantaged total return. It invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships operating in the energy sector. The company was founded on September 27, 2010 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.^

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








CLF

-1.65%








AMZN

1.24%








GILD

0.61%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:17 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:17 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:17 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































JMF Stock Price - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,680


34


0.16%











S&P F

2,478.50


5.25


0.21%











NASDAQ F

5,989.50


41.50


0.70%











Gold

1,268.60


13.00


1.04%











Silver

16.765


0.306


1.86%











Crude Oil

48.60


-0.15


-0.31%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:13a

Updated
Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low



9:12a

Shell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices



9:11a

Vale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output



9:09a

Updated
U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000



9:09a

Amazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session



9:08a

Amazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close



9:07a

Marijuana media company High Times is going public



9:02a

Updated
Trump has kept his promises — to Wall Street



9:00a

Millions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue



9:00a

Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


JMF


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



JMF
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund

Watchlist 
CreateJMFAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
12.97



-0.02
-0.15%






Previous Close




$12.9900





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




69.46% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    105.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 151.7K
            





Open: 13.03
Close: 12.97



12.9500
Day Low/High
13.0500





Day Range



11.4201
52 Week Low/High
14.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$13.03



Day Range
12.9500 - 13.0500



52 Week Range
11.4201 - 14.5500



Market Cap
$511.61M



Shares Outstanding
39.45M



Public Float
35.03M



Beta
1.19



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
9.82



EPS
$1.32



Yield
10.39%



Dividend
$0.34



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
431.69K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
1.23%



Average Volume
151.7K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.46%







1 Month


0.54%







3 Month


-4.70%







YTD


-4.21%







1 Year


5.70%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










It’s Time to Take a Fresh Look at MLPs


Oct. 22, 2016 at 12:39 a.m. ET
on Barron's














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'
Dividend Investing: 'Only The Paranoid Survive'

Jul. 5, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says
MLPs are optimistic but investors not so much, analyst says

Jun. 5, 2017 at 10:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield
Beyond Dividends: Beating The Market With Shareholder Yield

May. 30, 2017 at 9:51 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own
The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own

May. 11, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Trump tax plan could provide big boost for MLPs


Apr. 26, 2017 at 6:25 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





April's Best And Worst 20 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $15 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2.25%


Apr. 3, 2017 at 7:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Update: Portfolio123 Designer Equity Income Mode


Mar. 30, 2017 at 11:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Risks Of Focusing Too Much On Dividend Yields


Mar. 8, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Single Best CCC Stock In Each Industry


Mar. 2, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





March's Best And Worst 15 CCC Stocks With Market Caps Greater Than $20 Billion And Yield Greater Than 2%


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:19 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Prices Are Going Up, But Dividends Keep Coming


Feb. 25, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





A Quantitative Analysis For The Benefit Of Saving Early


Feb. 9, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Dakota Access pipeline gets official OK; tribe files first legal challenge


Feb. 9, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Jacobus Wealth Management, Inc. Buys iShares US Preferred Stock, Deutsche X-trackers MSCI EAFE ...


Feb. 3, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Despite Trump's Freeze, Regulations For MLP Qualifying Income Are Finalized


Feb. 1, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLPs Sit At The Head Of The Table


Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What Happened Last Week In MLPs: Consolidation And Simplification Highlights The Waning


Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Closed-End Funds: When Simple Statistics Beats Fundamental Knowledge, Part 4


Dec. 22, 2016 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How To Make A 9.4% Yield In Today's Market


Dec. 21, 2016 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





MLP: Fourth Quarter 2016 Review


Dec. 21, 2016 at 5:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha







No Headlines Available








Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund


            
            Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The fund's investment objective is to provide tax-advantaged total return. It invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships operating in the energy sector. The company was founded on September 27, 2010 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.^

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








CLF

-1.65%








AMZN

1.24%








GILD

0.61%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund (JMF)  Total Returns















































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 












Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund
 JMF



			Morningstar Analyst Rating
		


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsTotal ReturnsPrice








Price %
 JMF



5 Years
10 Years




Monthly Premium/Discount %




                 
            
















				S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.









Compare







Enter Tickers




Add








Add Benchmark


Morningstar Indices


U.S. Market TR



					Value
				



							U.S. Value TR
						



							Small Value TR
						



							Mid Value TR
						



							Large Value TR
						





					Core
				



							U.S. Core TR
						



							Small Core TR
						



							Mid Core TR
						



							Large Core TR
						





					Growth
				



							U.S. Growth TR
						



							Small Growth TR
						


Mid Growth TR


Large Growth TR





					U.S. Small Cap TR
				



					U.S. Mid Cap TR
				


U.S. Large Cap TR


Dividend Leaders TR


Wide Moat Focus 20 TR



					Information Sup. Sector TR
				


Manufacturing Sup. Sector TR


Service Sup. Sector TR





			US Indices
		



					DJ Industrial Avg. TR
				



					S&P 500 TR
				



					S&P MidCap 400 TR
				



					NASDAQ Composite TR
				



					Russell 2000 TR
				





			Canada
		



					S&P/TSX Composite TR
				



					S&P/TSX 60 PR
				



					S&P/TSX Venture Composite PR
				





			Europe
		


DJ Stoxx 50 TR EUR



					Euronext BEL 20 PR (BEL)
				



					Euronext Paris CAC 40 TR (FRA)
				



					FTSE 100 TR (GBR)
				



					FTSE 250 TR (GBR)
				



					FSE DAX TR (DEU)
				





			Asia
		



					Nikkei 225 PR (JPN)
				



					Shanghai SE Composite PR (CHN)
				



					CSI 300 CNY
				



					Hang Seng HSI PR HKD
				


S&P/ASX 200 TR





			South Africa
		



					FTSE/JSE All Share Capped TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE All Share SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 NR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE All Africa Ex South Africa ZAR



					FTSE/JSE All Share TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE SA Listed Property TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Small Cap TR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE Financials&Indl TR ZAR


FTSE/JSE SA Industrials TR ZAR



					FTSE/JSE SA Resources TR ZAR
				





			Primary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Secondary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Analyst Assigned Benchmark
		



					Morningstar MLP Composite TR USD
				



 

Add Category

Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Allocation--85%+ Equity
Bank Loan
Bear Market
China Region
Commodities Agriculture
Commodities Broad Basket
Commodities Energy
Commodities Industrial Metals
Commodities Precious Metals
Communications
Consumer Cyclical
Consumer Defensive
Convertibles
Corporate Bond
Diversified Emerging Mkts
Diversified Pacific/Asia
Emerging Markets Bond
Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond
Energy Limited Partnership
Equity Energy
Equity Precious Metals
Europe Stock
Financial
Foreign Large Blend
Foreign Large Growth
Foreign Large Value
Foreign Small/Mid Blend
Foreign Small/Mid Growth
Foreign Small/Mid Value
Global Real Estate
Health
High Yield Bond
High Yield Muni
India Equity
Industrials
Inflation-Protected Bond
Infrastructure
Intermediate Government
Intermediate-Term Bond
Japan Stock
Large Blend
Large Growth
Large Value
Latin America Stock
Leveraged Net Long
Long Government
Long-Short Credit
Long-Short Equity
Long-Term Bond
Managed Futures
Market Neutral
Mid-Cap Blend
Mid-Cap Growth
Mid-Cap Value
Miscellaneous Region
Miscellaneous Sector
Multialternative
Multicurrency
Multisector Bond
Muni California Intermediate
Muni California Long
Muni Florida
Muni Massachusetts
Muni Minnesota
Muni National Interm
Muni National Long
Muni National Short
Muni New Jersey
Muni New York Intermediate
Muni New York Long
Muni Ohio
Muni Pennsylvania
Muni Single State Interm
Muni Single State Long
Muni Single State Short
Natural Resources
Nontraditional Bond
Option Writing
Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk
Preferred Stock
Prime Money Market
Real Estate
Short Government
Short-Term Bond
Single Currency
Small Blend
Small Growth
Small Value
Stable Value
Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Static Allocation--85%+ Equity
Static Intermediate Bond
Static Large Blend
Static Large Growth
Static Large Value
Static Mid-Cap Equity
Static Money Market
Static Non US Equity
Static Short-Term Bond
Static Small-Cap Equity
Static US Government
Tactical Allocation
Target-Date 2000-2010
Target-Date 2015
Target-Date 2020
Target-Date 2025
Target-Date 2030
Target-Date 2035
Target-Date 2040
Target-Date 2045
Target-Date 2050
Target-Date 2055
Target-Date 2060+
Target-Date Retirement
Technology
Trading--Inverse Commodities
Trading--Inverse Debt
Trading--Inverse Equity
Trading--Leveraged Commodities
Trading--Leveraged Debt
Trading--Leveraged Equity
Trading--Miscellaneous
Ultrashort Bond
Utilities
Volatility
World Allocation
World Bond
World Large Stock
World Small/Mid Stock
 



Clear All

									Recent Securities & Benchmarks (max. active = 1)









Growth of 10,000
 JMF






Annual Returns
 JMF







							Trailing Total Returns
 JMF



							Daily

							Monthly

							Quarterly



















Quarterly & Monthly Total Returns
 JMF



							Quarterly

							Monthly













										S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.



 












 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 




  JMF Quote - Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund   JMF:US   New York        12.97USD   0.02   0.15%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   13.03    Day Range   12.95 - 13.05    Previous Close   12.99    52Wk Range   11.42 - 14.55    1 Yr Return   16.87%    YTD Return   3.16%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   13.03    Day Range   12.95 - 13.05    Volume   105,366    Previous Close   12.99    52Wk Range   11.42 - 14.55    1 Yr Return   16.40%    YTD Return   3.16%    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   12.22000027    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   483.478    Inception Date   02/24/2011    Premium/Discount   6.14%    Average 52-Week Premium   -0.89%    Fund Managers   -    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.337    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   10.39%    Expense Ratio   1.53%    3 Mo Return   -2.24%    3 Yr Return   -7.40%    5 Yr Return   1.40%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        WPZ:US   Williams Partners LP    1.84 m 73.86 m 10.76      ENLK:US   EnLink Midstream Partners LP    3.58 m 60.66 m 8.84      DCP:US   DCP Midstream LP    1.71 m 57.88 m 8.43      PAA:US   Plains All American Pipeline L    2.14 m 56.11 m 8.17      ETP:US   Energy Transfer Partners LP    2.59 m 52.82 m 7.69      BPL:US   Buckeye Partners LP    639.90 k 40.91 m 5.96      MPLX:US   MPLX LP    871.78 k 29.12 m 4.24      ENBL:US   Enable Midstream Partners LP    1.79 m 28.56 m 4.16      EEP:US   Enbridge Energy Partners LP    1.68 m 26.93 m 3.92      TCP:US   TC PipeLines LP    486.05 k 26.73 m 3.89           Profile   Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a closed-end management investment company.  The fund seeks to provide tax-advantaged total returns with an emphasis on current distributions.  Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund invests a large percentage of its funds in energy master limited partnerships.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:17 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. It is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Advisory Research, Inc. The fund invests primarily in a portfolio of master limited partnerships operating in the energy sector. Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund was formed on February 24, 2011 and is domiciled in United States.


Two Prudential PlazaSuite 5500180 North Stetson AvenueChicago, IL 60601United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 312-565-1414

Fax: 312-565-2002

www.nuveen.com/cef/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=JMF







Key Executives for Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund




Mr. Gifford Ross Zimmerman CFA


      	Co-General Counsel
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Stephen D. Foy


      	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Walter M. Kelly


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Scott S. Grace


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Kevin J. McCarthy


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 51
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund Key Developments

Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund, Annual General Meeting, Apr 06, 2017
Feb 24 17
Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund, Annual General Meeting, Apr 06, 2017, at 14:00 Central Standard Time. Location: Nuveen Investments, Inc., 333 West Wacker Drive Chicago Illinois United States Agenda: To elect members to the board of trustees; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting.


Nuveen Investments Declares Quarterly Tax-Free Distributions for Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund, Payable on November 15, 2016
Oct 3 16
Nuveen Investments declared quarterly tax-free distributions of $0.3370 per share for Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund. The dividend is payable on November 15, 2016, record date is October 14, 2016 and ex-dividend date is October 12, 2016.


Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund Declares quarterly taxable Dividend, Payable on August 15, 2016
Jul 1 16
Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund declared quarterly taxable dividend of $0.3370 per share. The dividend is payable on August 15, 2016, record date is July 15, 2016 and ex dividend date is July 13, 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund, please visit www.nuveen.com/cef/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=JMF.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.13
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.69%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.87%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 23:56:14 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari












 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


Scpl4CpGjrdkTDUkxjLW-A6

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















 