


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund (PRCPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Credit Opportunities Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.74
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.44%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.25
							
							-
							
								$8.74
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$48.05

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Credit Opportunities Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a combination of long-term capital appreciation and high income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.04%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.28%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.44%
				
			

				
					14.44%
				
			


3 Years

				
					1.29%
				
			

				
					1.29%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 1.85%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							1.85%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							April 29, 2014
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Credit Opportunities Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:50:03 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











	JSD - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund
	
		(NYSE: JSD)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Glossary




Objective
The Fund's investment objective is to provide current income and the potential for capital appreciation. The Fund cannot assure you that it will achieve its investment objective.


Highlights
Provides potential for:

Monthly income and potential capital appreciation from an income - oriented investment
Adjustable dividends that can act as a possible hedge against rising short-term interest rates
Diversification for an overall income portfolio




Investment Strategy


        The fund invests at least 70% of its managed assets in adjustable rate corporate debt instruments, including senior secured loans, second lien loans and other adjustable rate corporate debt instruments. Up to 30% of the fund’s assets may include other types of debt instruments or short positions consisting primarily of high yield debt. The fund maintains a portfolio with an average duration that does not exceed two years.  The fund uses leverage.
      









Click on the labels above to hide/show the respective graph lines.


			The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made on the date indicated. Original Investment & Cumulative Distributions is the original investment value added to the cash flow received from distributions. The total returns are not adjusted to reflect the effects of taxation and assume reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
		

			Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
		






Daily Pricing




Closing Share Price  (As of 7/26/2017)$17.71

Closing NAV per Share  (As of 7/26/2017)$18.03

Premium / Discount**-1.77%

Current Distribution Rate (Market price)††7.18%

Distribution Amount (Monthly)††$0.1060

Distribution Type Income







Literature Downloads



Quarterly Fact Sheet
Subscribe


Quarterly Commentary
Subscribe


UNII Information
Subscribe


Monthly Distributions
Subscribe


Distribution Schedule







Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Semi-Annual Report


Subscribe








Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information







RISKSInvestment, Market, and Price Risk: Closed-end fund shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.  Common shares frequently trade at a discount to their NAV.  At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than you paid, even after considering the reinvestment of fund distributions.Senior Loan Risk: Senior loans, both secured and unsecured, may not be rated by a national rating agency, are  generally not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and generally are not listed on a securities exchange. Consequently, the amount of public information available about senior loans generally is less extensive than that available for more widely rated, registered and exchange-listed securities.  In addition, some adjustable rate loans may be unsecured or insufficiently collateralized, which increases the risk of fund losses if the loan’s issuer defaults.Credit Risk: Debt or preferred securities held by the fund may fail to make dividend or interest payments when due.  Investments in securities below investment grade credit quality are predominantly speculative and subject to greater volatility and risk of default.  Unrated securities are evaluated by fund managers using industry data and their own analysis processes that may be similar to that of a nationally recognized rating agency; however, such internal ratings are not equivalent to a national agency credit rating. Counterparty credit risk may arise if counterparties fail to meet their obligations, should the fund hold any derivative instruments for either investment exposure or hedging purposes.Leverage Risk: The fund’s use of leverage may cause higher volatility for the fund’s per share NAV, market price, and distributions.  Leverage typically magnifies the total return of the fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative. Leverage is intended to increase common share net income, but there is no assurance that the fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.  Different forms of leverage, including swaps, may introduce additional credit or interest rate risk. Leverage may also increase a fund’s liquidity risk, as the fund may need to sell securities at inopportune times to stay within fund or regulatory limits.Interest Rate Risk: Fixed-income securities such as bonds, preferred, convertible and other debt securities will decline in value if market interest rates rise.LIBOR Floor Risk: Many floating rate loans issued after 2008 include a “LIBOR floor”, or minimum interest rate to which the loan’s spread is added, to calculate the loan’s overall interest rate.  As short-term market rates rise, such loans will not pay higher interest until prevailing rates exceed the floor rate stated in the loan documents. If such a fund uses floating rate leverage, the fund’s leverage costs will likely increase before its loan portfolio income increases, and the additional income provided by leverage may diminish until market rates exceed the LIBOR floor level.Basis Risk: As short-term rates change, interest from floating rate loans may not increase in concert with increases in floating rate leverage, introducing basis or imperfect hedging risk.Illiquid Securities Risk: The fund may not be able to sell securities in its portfolio at the time or price the fund desires.Loan Settlement Risk: Lack of established settlement standards or remedies for failure to settle may cause the fund to lack timely access to proceeds from selling loans, or to investment exposure from buying loans.Tax Risk: The tax treatment of fund distributions may be affected by future changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities.
NOTES


					** The premium/discount is calculated as (most recent price/most recent NAV) -1.






†† INCOME ONLY DISTRIBUTIONS

				Distributions are sourced entirely from net investment income, unless noted otherwise.
				
						
							Distribution rates represent the latest declared regular distribution, annualized, relative to the most recent market price and NAV. Special distributions, including special capital gains distributions, are not included in the calculation.
						
					
			
















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































	JSD - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund
	
		(NYSE: JSD)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








SEC Filings
		 | Additional Fund Info | Glossary






						Capital Structure



								As of
								6/30/2017
							





Common Net Assets$181,091,995

Debt Borrowing$72,000,000

Term Preferred$35,000,000

Total Managed Assets$288,091,995

Total Investment Exposure$288,091,995









						Leverage
As of
						6/30/2017



 DollarPercent

Total Regulatory Leverage$107,000,00037.14%

Effective Leverage$107,000,00037.14%

Asset Coverage 1--269.24%





						 



Average Leverage Costs^ 

Annualized leverage cost, based on the latest month1.98%




						 




Common Shares 

Shares Outstanding10,095,648

Avg. Daily Volume (in shares)39,123





View Leverage Reference Grid








				Fund Basics
			




CUSIP67074X107

NAV TickerXJSDX

Inception Date5/25/2011

Inception NAV$19.10

Inception Share Price$20.00








					Annual Expense Ratios
As of
					6/30/2017



 Common SharesTotal Fund

Management Fees1.26%0.81%

Other Expenses0.23%0.15%

SubTotal:1.49%0.96%

Interest Expense from Leverage0.98%0.63%

Total2.47%1.59%





							Fund fees and expenses are presented as a percentage of both common shareholder capital and total fund investment capital. Total investment capital includes common assets as well as assets attributable to the fund's issuance of senior securities (e.g. preferred shares and debt). The table's first column portrays the costs directly and indirectly borne by common shareholders on an investment in the fund's common shares. The table's second column portrays the costs borne by the fund on its total investment capital, which enables a common shareholder to better understand how fund expenses impact portfolio investment returns. Interest expenses from leverage are shown separately, because they represent costs associated with the fund's financing activities which are distinct from the costs associated with the fund's underlying core operations.
						
Expense ratios are calculated using the prior 12 months of expense data as of the previous month-end.








Fund shares are not guaranteed or endorsed by any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Shares of closed-end funds are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of principal invested. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview tab.




				NOTES


1 The ratio of total assets of the Fund, less all liabilities that are not outstanding borrowings or outstanding preferreds, at par, to the sum of the Fund’s outstanding borrowings and outstanding preferreds, at par.

^ The annualized ratio of the sum of leverage costs to the average leverage amount for a given time period.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
14249-INV-Y-02/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































JSD Fund - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains




Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,772.14


61.13


0.28%











S&P 500

2,480.37


2.54


0.10%











Nasdaq

6,451.49


28.74


0.45%











GlobalDow

2,856.33


6.80


0.24%











Gold

1,269.30


13.70


1.09%











Oil

48.74


-0.01


-0.02%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



TSCO 
6.5




ALXN 
6.2




VZ 
4.8




FB 
4.8






JCI
-8.7




LUV
-8.1




FFIV
-6.9




PSA
-6.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:35a

Updated
Sirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report



9:34a

Updated
Cities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco



9:34a

Updated
Move over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 



9:33a

Updated
This is the worst mistake people make at work



9:33a

Shares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%



9:30a

Breaking
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records



9:30a

Breaking
U.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings



9:30a

Country Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister



9:25a

Origo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted



9:23a

Inventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


ETFs


JSD


Overview



Compare Quotes
Market Screener
Sectors

 



JSD
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund

Watchlist 
CreateJSDAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 9:35 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
17.7372



0.0272
0.15%






Previous Close




$17.6700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




7.971% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    3K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 37.8K
            





Open: 17.75
Last: 17.7372



17.7372
Day Low/High
17.7500





Day Range



15.8000
52 Week Low/High
18.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes


Options



   




Key Data



Open
$17.75



Day Range
17.7372 - 17.7500



52 Week Range
15.8000 - 18.5500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
10.1M



Total Net Assets
n/a



Beta
0.25



NAV
n/a



NAV Date
n/a



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A



Yield
7.18%



Dividend
$0.11



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Average Volume
37.84K




 
  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available











How to Find the Closed-End Bargains

Dec. 6, 2015 at 10:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming
High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's
High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance
The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance

Jul. 8, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence
Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence

Jul. 6, 2017 at 2:58 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?
U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?

Jul. 5, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted
One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted

Jul. 5, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?
Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?

Jul. 3, 2017 at 7:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle
Goldilocks Principle

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield
Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative
News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative

Jun. 24, 2017 at 2:24 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?
How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?

Jun. 22, 2017 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil Is Crumbling And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention
Oil Is Crumbling And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention

Jun. 21, 2017 at 7:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators
Bonds And Related Indicators

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class
Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





It's Bad Time To Invest In Junk Bonds
It's Bad Time To Invest In Junk Bonds

Jun. 18, 2017 at 10:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village
Potemkin Village

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:26 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





3 Perfect Retirement Payouts Up to 9.6% (PFD, JSD, CXE)
3 Perfect Retirement Payouts Up to 9.6% (PFD, JSD, CXE)

Jun. 5, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com







No Headlines Available





  

 

No information available

   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

4.59%








TWTR

-13.77%








CLF

0.39%








VZ

5.00%








GNC

5.12%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        



















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

2:07 p.m. July 26, 2017






Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
              
              Talk from OPEC isn’t the only reason prices for oil scored their biggest single-session gain of the year.              
              
            

3:49 a.m. July 26, 2017






Investing according to your values can also make you money
              
              These socially conscious funds can do good and do well, writes Conrad de Aenlle.              
              
            

10:56 a.m. July 24, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.35
+0.34
+0.29%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.99
+0.07
+0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.63
+0.06
+0.12%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
196.25
-0.71
-0.36%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.75
+0.42
+2.07%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.51
-0.03
-0.09%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.31
+2.45%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Todd Gordon's Oil ETF Trade
              
              Todd Gordon's Oil ETF Trade              
              
            

5:52 a.m. July 26, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/27/2017 9:36am
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

247.69


+0.26
+0.11%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
145.68
+0.81
+0.56%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
143.08
-0.17
-0.12%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.96
-0.09
-0.36%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
65.76
-0.12
-0.18%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
44.10
+0.09
+0.20%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Every day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
              
              What’s left to talk about besides the bubble in U.S. equity prices? asks Jared Dillian.              
              
            

17 min ago9:19 a.m. July 27, 2017






Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
              
              Another day, another round of all-time highs? Billionaire investor Howard Marks warns the temperature of today’s markets is “elevated,” providing our call of the day. Cryptocurrencies like bitcoin aren’t real, the Oaktree Capital co-chairman also says.               
              
            

35 min ago9:00 a.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.19
-0.02
-0.08%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.95
-0.03
-0.04%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.92
-0.13
-0.17%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.85
+0.10
+0.29%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.67
+0.01
+0.03%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.07
+0.01
+0.09%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.67
-0.24
-0.44%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.69
-0.24
-0.26%








Bonds »








Scandal-Hit Libor to Be Phased Out
              
              In five years’ time Libor should be no more. A top U.K. regulator said it will phase out the London interbank offered rate, a scandal-plagued benchmark that is used to set the price of trillions of dollars of loans across the world.              
              
            

2 min ago9:34 a.m. July 27, 2017






Medical Grade Silicone Market Worth 1.60 Billion USD by 2022
              
              Medical Grade Silicone Market Worth 1.60 Billion USD by 2022              
              
            

4 min ago9:31 a.m. July 27, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/27/2017 9:35am
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1235


-0.0025
-0.22%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.13
-0.0052
-0.46%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.37
+0.0079
+0.58%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.86
+0.03
+1.52%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.31
+0.02
+1.09%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.93
+0.03
+1.17%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/27/2017 8:14am
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.26


-0.34
-3.54%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.18
+2.35
+0.09%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,775.15
+64.14
+0.30%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,449.91
+27.16
+0.42%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,442.28
-8.11
-0.56%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,776.69
-15.24
-0.85%








Currencies »








Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
              
              A widely watched U.S. dollar gauge stabilized on Thursday, but still languished at a 13-month low, struggling to shake off the dovish interpretation among investors of the Federal Reserve’s policy statement.               
              
            

22 min ago9:13 a.m. July 27, 2017






Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
              
              The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.              
              
            

8:24 a.m.  Today8:24 a.m. July 27, 2017












USDJPY



							7/27/2017 9:36am
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.475


+0.2970
+0.2671%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3135
+0.0013
+0.0991%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1469
+0.0081
+0.2581%








Commodities »










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
51.00
+0.03
+0.06%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.60
+0.0022
+0.14%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.92
+0.0030
+0.10%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,269.30
+13.70
+1.09%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.80
+0.34
+2.04%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
935.80
+13.10
+1.42%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
389.00
+3.00
+0.78%

















Most Popular





1.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






2.






The dark side of cruises






3.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






4.






If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?






5.






Hyperloop Getting Back on Track but Still Running Late








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aSirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report
9:34aCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:34aMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:34aThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:33aShares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,773.17

+62.16
+0.29%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,450.95

+28.20
+0.44%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.32

+2.49
+0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aSirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report
9:34aCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:34aMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:34aThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:33aShares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,774.77

+63.76
+0.29%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,450.30

+27.55
+0.43%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.24

+2.41
+0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Exchange Traded Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Exchange Traded Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

ABF H - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - Axis



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




ABF Hong Kong Bond Index Fund (2819)
Hong Kong
XHKG
Exchange-Traded Funds


ABF Pan Asia Bond Index Fund (2821)
Hong Kong
XHKG
Exchange-Traded Funds


ABF Pan Asia Bond Index Fund (1349)
Japan
XTKS
Exchange-Traded Funds


ABF Singapore Bond Index Fund ETF (A35)
Singapore
XSES
Exchange-Traded Funds


ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Dow Jones Industrial Avg. Part. Cert. (ABDJI)
Netherlands
XAMS
Major International Banks


ABN AMRO Bank N.V. Nasdaq 100 (ABNSQ)
Netherlands
XAMS
Major International Banks


ABN AMRO Bank N.V. S&P 500 Index (ABNSP)
Netherlands
XAMS
Major International Banks


AcomeA Asia Pacifico (ACAAPA)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Breve Termine (ACABRT)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Eurobbligazionario (ACAEUO)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Europa (ACAEUP)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Fondo ETF Attivo (ACAEAT)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Italia (ACAITA)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Liquidata (ACALIQ)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Patrimonio Aggressivo (ACAAGG)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Patrimonio Dinamico (ACADIN)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Patrimonio Prudente (ACAPRU)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AcomeA Performance (ACAPER)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Athena High Dividend ETF (DIVI)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Dorsey Wright ADR ETF (AADR)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares EquityPro ETF (EPRO)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Focused Equity ETF (CWS)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Gartman Gold/Euro ETF (GEUR)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Gartman Gold/Yen ETF (GYEN)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Global Echo ETF (GIVE)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares KIM Korea Equity ETF (KOR)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Market Adaptive Unconstrained Income ETF (MAUI)
United States
XNAS
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Morgan Creek Global Tactical ETF (GTAA)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Newfleet Multi-Sector Income ETF (MINC)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Pacific Asset Enhanced Floating Rate ETF (FLRT)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Peritus High Yield ETF (HYLD)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares QAM Equity Hedge ETF (QEH)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF (HDGE)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Sage Core Reserves ETF (HOLD)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares STAR Global Buy-Write ETF (VEGA)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares Wilshire Buyback ETF (TTFS)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AdvisorShares YieldPro ETF (YPRO)
United States
XNAS
Exchange-Traded Funds


AfricaGold ETF (ETFGLD)
South Africa
XJSE
Exchange-Traded Funds


AfricaPalladium ETF (ETFPLD)
South Africa
XJSE
Exchange-Traded Funds


AfricaPlatinum ETF (ETFPLT)
South Africa
XJSE
Exchange-Traded Funds


AfricaRhodium ETF (ETFRHO)
South Africa
XJSE
Exchange-Traded Funds


Alerian Energy Infrastructure ETF (ENFR)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


Alerian MLP ETF (AMLP)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


Alpha ETF FTSE Athex Large Cap Equities Fund (AETF)
Greece
XATH
Exchange-Traded Funds


AlphaClone Alternative Alpha ETF (ALFA)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


AlphaMark Actively Managed Small-Cap ETF (SMCP)
United States
XNAS
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS Emerging Sector Dividend Dogs ETF (EDOG)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS Equal Sector Weight ETF (EQL)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS ETF Trust Cohen & Steers Global Realty Majors ETF (GRI)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS International Sector Dividend Dogs ETF (IDOG)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS Medical Breakthroughs ETF (SBIO)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


ALPS Sector Dividend Dogs ETF (SDOG)
United States
ARCX
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amplify Online Retail ETF (IBUY)
United States
XNAS
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amplify YieldShares Prime 5 Dividend ETF (PFV)
United States
BATS
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF AAA Government Bond EuroMTS (DE5A)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF AAA Government Bond EuroMTS (AM3A)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF BBB Euro Corporate Investment Grade UCITS ETF FCP (CBBB)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF BBB Euro Corporate Investment Grade UCITS ETF FCP (CBBB)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF CAC 40 (GC40)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF CAC 40 (C40)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF CAC 40 (C4D)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF CAC 40 (GC40)
Germany
XBER



Amundi ETF CAC 40 (C40)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EuoMTS Cash 3 Months (C3M)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporate Ex Financials iBoxx (AXFI)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporate Ex Financials iBoxx (AXFI)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporate Financials iBoxx (AFIN)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporate Financials iBoxx (AFIN)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporates (18MT)
Germany
XFRA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporates (18MT)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Euro Corporates (CC4)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporates (CC4)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Corporates (18MT)
Germany
XBER



Amundi ETF Euro Corporates D (CC4D)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro High Yield Liquid Bond Iboxx (AHYE)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro High Yield Liquid Bond Iboxx (AHYE)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro High Yield Liquid Bond Iboxx C/D (AHYD)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Inflation (18MU)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Euro Inflation (CI3)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro Inflation (CI3)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 (18MB)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 (C50)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 (C50)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro STOXX 50 DR UCITS ETF (CASAMO)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro STOXX 50 DR UCITS ETF (ES50)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 Part D (CD5)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 USD (C5HU)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EURO STOXX 50 USD (C50U)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro STOXX Small Cap (ESM)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Euro STOXX Small Cap (ESM)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF EuroMTS Cash 3 Months (C3M)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF ex AAA Government Bond EUROMTS (KX1G)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF ex AAA Government Bond EUROMTS (X1G)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF ex AAA Government Bond EUROMTS (X1G)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF ex AAA Government Bond EUROMTS (KX1G)
Germany
XFRA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Floating Rate Euro Corporate 1-3 UCITS ETF (AFRN)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Floating Rate Euro Corporate 1-3 UCITS ETF (AFRN)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Floating Rate USD Corporate UCITS ETF FCP (AFLT)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Floating Rate USD Corporate UCITS ETF FCP (USFRN)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Floating Rate USD Corporate UCITS ETF FCP (HFRN)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE 100 GBP (FTSE)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE 100 UCITS ETF (C1U)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE 100 UCITS ETF (FT1K)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE EPRA Europe Real Estate UCITS ETF (EPRE)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE EPRA Europe Real Estate UCITS ETF FCP (EPRE)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE MIB (FMI)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF FTSE MIB (FMI)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Emerging Bond Markit iBoxx (AGEB)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Emerging Bond Markit iBoxx (AGEB)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SMRT)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SM8T)
Germany
XFRA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SM8T)
Germany
XSTU



Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SMRT)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SMRE)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SMRG)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta FCP (SMRE)
Italy
MTAA



Amundi ETF Global Equity Multi Smart Allocation Scientific Beta UCITS ETF FCP USD (SMRU)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 10-15 (18MW)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 10-15 (18MW)
Germany
XFRA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 10-15 (C10)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 10-15 (C10)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 1-3 (C13)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 1-3 (C13)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 3-5 (C33)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 3-5 (C33)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 5-7 (18MZ)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 5-7 (C53)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 5-7 (C53)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 7-10 (18M0)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 7-10 (C73)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad 7-10 (C73)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad Investment Grade UCITS ETF FCP (18MV)
United States
XETR



Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad Investment Grade UCITS ETF FCP (CB3)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond EuroMTS Broad Investment Grade UCITS ETF FCP (CB3)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Highest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade (AM3A)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Highest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade 1-3 (AA13)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Highest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade 1-3 (AA13)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Lowest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade 1-3 UCITS FCP (X13G)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Lowest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade 1-3 UCITS FCP (X13G)
Italy
MTAA
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Government Bond Lowest Rated EuroMTS Investment Grade 1-3 UCITS FCP C/D (X1GD)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPXH)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPXY)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPXE)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPHU)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPHG)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPXG)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily (TPHC)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily GBP (TPHG)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily USD (TPHU)
France
XPAR
Exchange-Traded Funds


Amundi ETF Japan Topix EUR Hedged Daily USD (TPXU)
United Kingdom
XLON
Exchange-Traded Funds



«123»










Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aSirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report
9:34aCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:34aMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:34aThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:33aShares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,771.90

+60.89
+0.28%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,451.12

+28.37
+0.44%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.32

+2.49
+0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































JSD Fund - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains




Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,771.26


60.25


0.28%











S&P 500

2,480.23


2.40


0.10%











Nasdaq

6,451.12


28.37


0.44%











GlobalDow

2,856.33


6.80


0.24%











Gold

1,269.30


13.70


1.09%











Oil

48.74


-0.01


-0.02%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



TSCO 
6.6




ALXN 
6.3




FB 
4.9




VZ 
4.7






JCI
-8.7




LUV
-8.1




FFIV
-7.0




PSA
-6.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:35a

Updated
Sirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report



9:34a

Updated
Cities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco



9:34a

Updated
Move over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 



9:33a

Updated
This is the worst mistake people make at work



9:33a

Shares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%



9:30a

Breaking
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records



9:30a

Breaking
U.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings



9:30a

Country Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister



9:25a

Origo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted



9:23a

Inventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


ETFs


JSD


Overview



Compare Quotes
Market Screener
Sectors

 



JSD
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund

Watchlist 
CreateJSDAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 27, 2017 9:35 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
17.7372



0.0272
0.15%






Previous Close




$17.6700





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




7.971% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    3K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 37.8K
            





Open: 17.75
Last: 17.7372



17.7372
Day Low/High
17.7500





Day Range



15.8000
52 Week Low/High
18.5500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes


Options



   




Key Data



Open
$17.75



Day Range
17.7372 - 17.7500



52 Week Range
15.8000 - 18.5500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
10.1M



Total Net Assets
n/a



Beta
0.25



NAV
n/a



NAV Date
n/a



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A



Yield
7.18%



Dividend
$0.11



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Average Volume
37.84K




 
  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available











How to Find the Closed-End Bargains

Dec. 6, 2015 at 10:00 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming
High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

Jul. 12, 2017 at 10:50 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's
High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance
The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance

Jul. 8, 2017 at 4:39 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence
Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence

Jul. 6, 2017 at 2:58 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?
U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?

Jul. 5, 2017 at 4:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted
One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted

Jul. 5, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?
Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?

Jul. 3, 2017 at 7:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle
Goldilocks Principle

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield
Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative
News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative

Jun. 24, 2017 at 2:24 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?
How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?

Jun. 22, 2017 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil Is Crumbling And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention
Oil Is Crumbling And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention

Jun. 21, 2017 at 7:03 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators
Bonds And Related Indicators

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:49 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class
Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:44 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





It's Bad Time To Invest In Junk Bonds
It's Bad Time To Invest In Junk Bonds

Jun. 18, 2017 at 10:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village
Potemkin Village

Jun. 13, 2017 at 7:26 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





3 Perfect Retirement Payouts Up to 9.6% (PFD, JSD, CXE)
3 Perfect Retirement Payouts Up to 9.6% (PFD, JSD, CXE)

Jun. 5, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com







No Headlines Available





  

 

No information available

   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

4.49%








TWTR

-13.82%








CLF

0.19%








VZ

5.09%








GNC

5.44%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:36 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund is a fund launched and managed by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors, Inc. and Symphony Asset Management LLC. It invests in fixed income markets. Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund is domiciled in United States.


333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606United States



Phone: 312-917-7700

Fax: 312-917-6912

www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?FundCode=JSD&refsrc=vu_nuveen.com/jsd







Key Executives for Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund




Mr. Gifford Ross Zimmerman CFA


      	Co-General Counsel
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Stephen D. Foy


      	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Walter M. Kelly


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President 
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Scott S. Grace


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Kevin J. McCarthy


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 51
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Key Developments

Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Declares Monthly Distribution, Payable on August 1, 2017
Jul 3 17
Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund has declared a monthly distribution of $0.1060 per share. The dividend is payable on August 1, 2017 to the unit holders of record on July 14, 2017 and ex-dividend date is July 12, 2017.


Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on July 3, 2017
Jun 1 17
Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund declared monthly taxable distribution of $0.1060 per unit payable on July 3, 2017 to the unit holders of record on June 15, 2017 and ex-dividend date is June 13, 2017.


Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on June 1, 2017
May 1 17
Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund declared monthly taxable distribution of $0.1060 per unit payable on June 1, 2017 for the holders of record date on May 15, 2017. Ex-dividend date is May 11, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund, please visit www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?FundCode=JSD&refsrc=vu_nuveen.com/jsd.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  JSD Quote - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund   JSD:US   New York        17.71USD   0.04   0.23%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   17.70    Day Range   17.66 - 17.74    Previous Close   17.67    52Wk Range   15.80 - 18.55    1 Yr Return   17.84%    YTD Return   5.54%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   17.70    Day Range   17.66 - 17.74    Volume   29,020    Previous Close   17.67    52Wk Range   15.80 - 18.55    1 Yr Return   18.50%    YTD Return   5.54%    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   18.03000069    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   182.037    Inception Date   05/26/2011    Premium/Discount   -1.77%    Average 52-Week Premium   -3.66%    Fund Managers   GUNTHER MAURICE STEIN / SCOTT CARAHER    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.106    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.18%    Expense Ratio   2.27%    3 Mo Return   -0.50%    3 Yr Return   6.20%    5 Yr Return   6.34%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        BL243295:COR   ALBERTSON'S LLC    7.20 m 7.12 m 2.47      BL238075:COR   WESTERN DIGITAL CORP    5.45 m 5.48 m 1.90      BL241467:COR   FIRST DATA CORPORATION    5.36 m 5.37 m 1.86      BL236095:COR   DELL INTERNATIONAL LLC    4.07 m 4.09 m 1.42      BL117108:COR   INTELSAT JACKSON HLDG    4.04 m 4.02 m 1.39      BL243518:COR   FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS    3.31 m 3.27 m 1.13      BL235005:COR   TIBCO SOFTWARE INC    3.23 m 3.25 m 1.13      EK553660:COR   S 7 ⅞ 09/15/23    2.75 k 3.16 m 1.10      BL240612:COR   SEQUA CORP    3.08 m 3.11 m 1.08      BL235318:COR   SPRINT COMMUNICATIONS    2.99 m 3.00 m 1.04           Profile   Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund is a closed-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund invests in a blended portfolio of below investment grade adjustable rate corporate debt instruments, including senior secured loans, second lien loans and other adjustable rate corporate debt instruments.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              



    JSD Key Statistics - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch



































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        

















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund

                  NYSE: JSD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker





Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
Holdings
      
News
      
Charts
      
Historical Quotes
      
Options
      



Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund




Jul 27, 2017


JSD



$
17.74




Change

+0.03
+0.15%

Volume









YTD return

            n/a
        
5 yr avg return

            n/a
        
Total net assets
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            $15.80
        

            $18.55
        



















Classification
Inception Date
Primary Exchange


n/a
n/a
n/a



Investment Information


Market Cap
n/a


Net Assets
n/a


NAV
n/a


Shares Outstanding
n/a


Avg Daily Vol
n/a


Dividend Yield
n/a


Dividend
n/a


Ex Dividend Date
n/a




Detailed Information


Mgmt Co
n/a


Turnover
n/a


Beta
n/a


P/E
n/a


P/B
n/a


Expense Ratio
n/a




To receive a prospectus


        ,  


Performance



JSD
n/a














Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aSirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report
9:34aCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:34aMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:34aThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:33aShares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,775.44

+64.43
+0.30%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,449.85

+27.11
+0.42%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.20

+2.37
+0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    JSD News - Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        

















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund

                  NYSE: JSD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker





Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
Holdings
      
News
      
Charts
      
Historical Quotes
      
Options
      



Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund




Jul 27, 2017


JSD



$
17.74




Change

+0.03
+0.15%

Volume









YTD return

            n/a
        
5 yr avg return

            n/a
        
Total net assets
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            $15.80
        

            $18.55
        

















/news/latest/company/us/jsd

      MarketWatch News on JSD
    
No News currently available for JSD





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/jsd

      Other News on JSD
    





High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

10:50 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's

7:49 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

1:38 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance

4:39 p.m. July 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence

2:58 p.m. July 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?

4:32 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted

3:12 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?

7:35 a.m. July 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Goldilocks Principle

11:49 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield

11:36 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative

2:24 p.m. June 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?

6:48 p.m. June 22, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Oil Is Crumbling And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention

7:03 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bonds And Related Indicators

7:49 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Bonds Are An Overvalued Asset Class

11:44 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





It's Bad Time To Invest In Junk Bonds

10:40 a.m. June 18, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Potemkin Village

7:26 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:06 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





3 Perfect Retirement Payouts Up to 9.6% (PFD, JSD, CXE)

7:00 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/jsd

      Press Releases on JSD
    
No News currently available for JSD














Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aSirius XM shares up more than 6% following solid Q2 earnings report
9:34aCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
9:34aMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
9:34aThis is the worst mistake people make at work
9:33aShares of Charter Communications are up nearly 4%
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,775.44

+64.43
+0.30%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,449.85

+27.11
+0.42%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.20

+2.37
+0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































 Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunity Fund (JSD) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunity Fund
 JSD


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR





S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR



MPT Benchmark


BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan TR







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Bank Loan


Bank Loan


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation JSD


Asset Distribution


 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 06/30/2017








Cash
4.50
0.00
4.50
—
13.23






US Stock
0.59
0.00
0.59
—
0.48






Non US Stock
0.12
0.00
0.12
—
0.04






Bond
96.48
0.05
96.43
—
85.62






Other
0.12
1.76
-1.63
—
0.63








 
 


 















Style Details JSD





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 06/30/2017







2017
—
96



2016
—
93



2015
—
90



2014
—
94



2013
—
96





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 06/30/2017








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	B+





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

5





Average Weighted Price
                        	

—








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
0
—
—








BBB
10
—
—








BB
37
—
—








B
36
—
—








Below B
12
—
—








Not Rated
5
—
—








As of 06/30/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings JSD





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
0.00
—
16.19








 
 
 
 






Corporate
95.47
—
71.20












Corporate Bond
12.72
—
22.68








Bank Loan
82.75
—
48.48








Convertible
0.00
—
0.02








Preferred
0.00
—
0.01








 
 
 
 






Securitized
0.04
—
1.24












Agency Mortgage-Backed
0.00
—
0.03








Non-Agency Residential MBS
0.00
—
0.04








Commercial MBS
0.04
—
0.05








Asset-Backed
0.00
—
1.12








Covered Bond
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
4.48
—
11.37








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.00








As of 06/30/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
0.21
—
19.00











0% to 4%
28.26
—
58.78








4% to 6%
45.63
—
7.07








6% to 8%
15.85
—
2.76








8% to 10%
8.31
—
12.16








10% to 12%
1.19
—
0.02








More than 12%
0.55
—
0.25








As of 06/30/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 JSD
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
81.28
—
79.02







Luxembourg
17.16
—
3.21







Marshall Islands
1.55
—
0.53







 






As of 06/30/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 JSD
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
13.10
—
23.59







3 to 5 Years
35.14
—
32.46







5 to 7 Years
44.25
—
40.18







7 to 10 Years
5.12
—
1.07







10 to 15 Years
0.00
—
1.34







15 to 20 Years
0.00
—
0.05







20 to 30 Years
0.00
—
0.07







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
0.08







 






As of 06/30/2017













Bond Duration JSD











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          





Effective Duration

	   				0.57
          

	   				0.91
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 06/30/2017




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				—
          





Effective Maturity

	   				—
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 JSD
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
0.90
—
—







5 Year +
0.00
—
—







Non-Callable
90.70
—
—







 






As of 10/31/2014



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 










Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunity Fund - NYSE:JSD - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunity Fund (JSD)
Follow




                                    17.71
                                

0.04
0.23




                        NYSE : Financial
                    

Jul 26, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  17.67


Open
17.70


Day Low/High

                                    17.66 /
                                    17.74


52 Wk Low/High

                                    15.80 /
                                    18.55
                                


Volume
29.02K


Avg Volume 
37.20K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
10.10M


Market Cap
178.39M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.27
                                            (7.20%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions






Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Several Nuveen closed-end funds have declared distributions. These funds represent investment strategies for investors seeking diversified sources of cash flow to prepare for and sustain their retirement income needs.

May 1, 2017 4:30 PM EDT









Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Several Nuveen closed-end funds have declared distributions. These funds represent investment strategies for investors seeking diversified sources of cash flow to prepare for and sustain their retirement income needs.

Apr 3, 2017 4:11 PM EDT









Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Several Nuveen closed-end funds have declared distributions. These funds represent investment strategies for investors seeking diversified sources of cash flow to prepare for and sustain their retirement income needs.

Feb 1, 2017 5:44 PM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, declared distributions for several closed-end funds.

Jan 3, 2017 5:50 PM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Dec 1, 2016 5:39 PM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Nov 1, 2016 4:32 PM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Oct 3, 2016 5:37 PM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Sep 1, 2016 6:25 PM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Aug 1, 2016 4:30 PM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Jul 1, 2016 4:15 PM EDT













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: JSD, BOE, SJR
JSD BOE SJR are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, June 13, 2016

Jun 10, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Jun 1, 2016 4:36 PM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, an operating division of TIAA Global Asset Management, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

May 2, 2016 4:49 PM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Wednesday: JMM, JSD, AVK
JMM JSD AVK are going ex-dividend Wednesday, Wednesday, April 13, 2016

Apr 12, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Apr 1, 2016 5:15 PM EDT













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: JSD, ERC, EE
JSD ERC EE are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, March 11, 2016

Mar 10, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Mar 1, 2016 8:22 PM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Feb 1, 2016 5:43 PM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: JPW, JSD, CRF
JPW JSD CRF are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, January 13, 2016

Jan 12, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly and quarterly distributions.

Jan 4, 2016 5:06 PM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: JSD, NFJ, PMT
JSD NFJ PMT are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, December 23, 2015

Dec 22, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Four Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains And Supplemental Income Dividends
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions, as well as individual investors, today announced that four closed-end funds have declared additional cash distributions with the record,...

Dec 15, 2015 5:32 PM EST













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: JSD, ERC, NIO
JSD ERC NIO are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, December 11, 2015

Dec 10, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Dec 1, 2015 5:39 PM EST













Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Completes Term Preferred Share Offering
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund (NYSE: JSD) has issued Term...

Nov 16, 2015 4:53 PM EST













Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that several closed-end funds declared regular monthly distributions.

Nov 2, 2015 5:22 PM EST













Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund Announces Policy Change
Nuveen Investments, a leading global provider of investment services to institutions as well as individual investors, today announced that the Board of Trustees of the Nuveen Short Duration Credit Opportunities Fund (NYSE:...

Oct 19, 2015 9:00 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: JSD, MUJ, NMZ
JSD MUJ NMZ are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, October 13, 2015

Oct 12, 2015 10:03 AM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



High-Yield Bonds Q2 Update: Still No Bubble Forming

SeekingAlpha



High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's

SeekingAlpha



Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

SeekingAlpha



The Case Of The Disappearing HY Energy Issuance

SeekingAlpha



Oil Has A Crisis Of Confidence

SeekingAlpha



U.S. High Yield Credit Spreads Low - As They Should Be?

SeekingAlpha



One Remarkable High Yield Chart Suggests Junk Is Exhausted

SeekingAlpha



Oil's Game Of Chicken: Can OPEC Finally Bankrupt U.S. Production?

SeekingAlpha



Goldilocks Principle

SeekingAlpha



Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield

SeekingAlpha



News Flash: Your High Yield ETF Is Trading Like A Derivative

SeekingAlpha



High Yield Bond Update: A Q&A With Seth Meyer

SeekingAlpha



How Long Before The Oil Spill Spills Over?

SeekingAlpha



Oil Is Crumbling, And If You're In High Yield, You Need To Pay Attention

SeekingAlpha



Bonds And Related Indicators

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


Stock Futures Power Higher on Earnings Beat From Facebook


Amazon Will Have a Lot to Talk About in Its Second-Quarter Report, Especially Whole Foods


Facebook on Fire - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Thursday


The Beatings Continue for Snapchat: Market Recon


Procter & Gamble Trounces Profit Estimates, Sticks It to Activist Investor











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























JSD - Stock Quote and Charts for Nuveen Shrt Duration Cred Opps

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















Nuveen Shrt Duration Cred Opps (JSD)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






17.74
+0.03  +0.17%
NYSE
Jul 27, 09:36
Delayed 2m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Holdings


Data


News


Performance









View Full Chart
JSD Price Chart
















JSD Key Stats






Expense Ratio


                                

                                1.45%
                            
                        


Share Class Assets Under Management


                                

                                181.72M
                            
                        


30-Day Average Daily Volume

Upgrade











Net Asset Value


                                

                                18.03
                            
                        


Discount or Premium to NAV


                                

                                -1.83%
                            
                        


Turnover Ratio


                                

                                34.00
                            
                        








View All JSD News
JSD News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


SA Breaking News



                                
                                High-yield covenant quality plummeted in June - Moody's


07/12 07:49



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


07/03 13:26



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Oil nearing point of trouble for high-yield


06/27 11:36



Yahoo



                                
                                3 CEFs Yielding Up To 9.6% That Are Better Than What You Own


06/04 09:08



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


06/01 17:00



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


05/01 16:30



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


04/03 16:11



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Low-volatility comes to fixed-income


02/15 14:12



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


02/01 17:44



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


01/03 17:50











JSD Performance


 
Total Return
Cat. Total Return (NAV)
% Rank in Cat. (NAV)


1M
2.41%
1.06%
23


3M
-0.51%
1.88%
89


6M
2.39%
3.35%
83


1Y
18.53%
13.42%
70


3Y
6.21%
4.59%
75


5Y
6.32%
6.61%
50


10Y
--
4.07%
--



        
            As of July 26, 2017.
        
            Returns for periods of 1 year and above are annualized.
    


JSD Asset Allocation


Type
% Net
% Long
% Short


Cash
4.50%
4.50%
0.00


Stock
0.71%
0.71%
0.00


Bond
96.43%
96.48%
0.05%


Convertible
0.00
0.00
0.00


Preferred
0.00
0.00
0.00


Other
-1.63%
0.12%
1.76%


As of June 30, 2017


JSD Region Exposure




Americas
82.25%


North America
81.38%


Latin America
0.86%


Greater Europe
16.28%


United Kingdom
0.00


Europe Developed
16.28%


Europe Emerging
0.00


Africa/Middle East
0.00








Greater Asia
1.47%


Japan
0.00


Australasia
0.00


Asia Developed
0.00


Asia Emerging
1.47%


Market Classification



% Developed Markets
98.24%


% Emerging Markets
1.76%





As of June 30, 2017.
    
    Region breakdown data is calculated by using the long position holdings of the portfolio.





JSD Bond Exposure


Government
0.00


Corporate
95.47%


Securitized
0.04%


Municipal
0.00


Cash
4.48%


Derivative
0.00


As of June 30, 2017


JSD Bond Credit Quality Exposure


AAA
0.00


AA
0.00


A
0.00


BBB
5.08%


BB
47.18%


B
38.54%


Below B
6.09%


As of Jan. 31, 2016






JSD Bond Maturity Exposure


1 to 7 Days
0.00


8 to 30 Days
0.00


31 to 90 Days
0.00


91 to 182 Days
0.58%


183 to 364 Days
1.81%


1 to 3 Years
13.10%


3 to 5 Years
35.14%


5 to 7 Years
44.25%


7 to 10 Years
5.12%


10 to 15 Years
0.00


15 to 20 Years
0.00


20 to 30 Years
0.00


Over 30 Years
0.00


As of June 30, 2017






View More Holdings
JSD Top 10 Holdings


Symbol
Name
% Weight
Price
% Chg



                
                    --
                
            
Albertsons Llc 2017 Tl B4
2.47%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Western Digital Corp Tl 1l
1.90%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
First Data Corp New Dollar Tl 1l
1.86%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Dell Inc 2017 Tl 1l
1.42%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Intelsat Jackson Holdings Sa Term Loan
1.39%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Frontier Communications Corp 2017 Tl B1
1.13%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Tibco Software Inc 2017 Term Loan B
1.13%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Sprint 7.875%
1.10%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Sequa Mezzanine Hldgs Llc Tl B 1l
1.08%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Sprint Communications Inc Tl B 1l
1.04%
--
--


As of June 30, 2017





Advertisement





JSD One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





JSD Basic Info

Style

Equity Style
Small Cap/Value


Broad Asset Class
Taxable Bond


Broad Category
Fixed Income


Category Name
Bank Loan


Prospectus Objective
Growth and Income


Fund Owner Firm Name
Nuveen




JSD Manager Info


Name
Tenure


Gunther Stein
6.10 yrs


Jenny Rhee
6.10 yrs


Scott Caraher
6.10 yrs




JSD Net Fund Flows


1M
-787207.8


3M
-2.399M


6M
-4.820M


YTD
-4.820M


1Y
-9.419M


3Y
-27.80M


5Y
-51.95M


10Y
--


As of June 30, 2017


JSD Risk Info


Beta (5Y) 
0.549


Max Drawdown (All) 
37.07%


Historical Sharpe (10Y) 
--


Historical Sortino (All) 
0.8011


30-Day Rolling Volatility 
9.93%


Daily Value at Risk (VaR) 1% (All) 
2.03%


Monthly Value at Risk (VaR) 1% (All) 
9.33%




JSD Fundamentals


Dividend Yield TTM
                
                    (7-27-17)
                
            
4.03%


SEC Yield
                
            
--


Current Yield
--


Yield to Maturity
--


Effective Duration
--


Average Coupon
5.22%


Average Credit Score

            --
            
            


Average Price
--


Number of Holdings
267


As of June 30, 2017


JSD Comparables

Edit









                                        JRO
                                    


                                    Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opps
                                




                                        NSL
                                    


                                    Nuveen Senior Income
                                




                                        JFR
                                    


                                    Nuveen Floating Rate Income
                                




                                        BGX
                                    


                                    Blackstone/GSO LS Credit Income
                                




                                        ARDC
                                    


                                    Ares Dynamic Credit Allocation Fund
                                




                                        EFF
                                    


                                    EV Floating-Rate Income Plus
                                







JSD Attributes

Key Dates

Inception Date
5/26/2011


Last Annual Report Date
7/31/2016


Last Prospectus Date
2/21/2013

Attributes

Exchange Traded Share
No


Exchange Traded Note
No


Enhanced Index Fund
No


Index Fund
No


Inverse Fund
No


Leveraged Fund
Yes


Fund of Funds
No


Currency Hedged Fund
No


Synthetic Replication Fund
No


Has Dividend Investment Plan
No

General Availability

Available for Insurance Product
No


Available for Retirement Plan
No


Available for RRSP
No




JSD Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("JSD","name")
Broad Asset Class:  =YCI("JSD", "broad_asset_class")
Broad Category: =YCI("JSD", "broad_category_group")
Prospectus Objective: =YCI("JSD", "prospectus_objective")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund (PRCPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Credit Opportunities Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.74
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.44%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.25
							
							-
							
								$8.74
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$48.05

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Credit Opportunities Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a combination of long-term capital appreciation and high income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.04%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.28%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.44%
				
			

				
					14.44%
				
			


3 Years

				
					1.29%
				
			

				
					1.29%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 1.85%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							1.85%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							April 29, 2014
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Credit Opportunities Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 00:15:45 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









