


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Thu Jul 27 09:31:36 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 





















Tax-Efficient Solutions | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Tax Efficiency












Tax Efficiency






















Municipal bonds may help maximize your clients' after-tax returns. Help counteract rising taxes with tax-efficient solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

Your clients have worked too hard building their wealth to lose it to taxes. And in the current financial climate, what you keep is more important than what you earn. Fortunately municipal bonds can help offset higher taxes while providing attractive yields. Discover ways to maximize your clients’ investment returns while preserving their capital with more tax-efficient* solutions.
Solutions for Tax Efficiency




Columbia Short Term Municipal Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Short

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund seeks to minimize the fluctuation of principal with the potential to deliver an attractive level of income through investing in short-term investment-grade municipal securities.
Benefits

Emphasizes stability of net asset value and preservation of capital
Barbell approach limits volatility and provides liquidity while striving to enhance income
Diversifies across a wide range of issuers, sectors and geographical regions




Columbia AMT-Free Intermediate Muni Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund strives to deliver strong total returns with an emphasis on capital preservation by identifying relative value opportunities and managing risks through independent, fundamental credit research.
Benefits

Focuses on intermediate maturities to offer attractive yields with lower duration than longer maturities
Invests in lower rated, investment-grade municipal bonds for enhanced income
Adds value by actively managing structural components such as maturity, quality, sector and coupon relative to fund’s index






Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund
Morningstar Category: High Yield Muni

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund aims to deliver a high level of income and price appreciation — with an emphasis on risk management — through investments in higher yielding, lower quality securities.
Benefits

Offers above average liquidity in the form of cash and higher quality securities
Disciplined risk-management process sets restrictions on concentration and volatile credit exposure
Less sensitive to interest rate changes than high-quality counterparts





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help




















	NJV - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund
	
		(NYSE MKT: NJV)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Glossary




Objective
Primary investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal and New Jersey income taxes.  Secondary investment objective is to enhance portfolio value and total return.


Highlights
Seeks to provide:
Attractive monthly tax-free income from a predominately investment grade portfolio
Portfolio diversification
Attractive after tax total returns




Investment Strategy


		  The fund invests in municipal securities that are exempt from federal and New Jersey state income taxes.  The fund invests at least 80% of its managed assets in municipal securities rated  investment grade (Baa/BBB or better by S&P, Moody’s, or Fitch) at the time of investment, or, if they are unrated, are judged by the manager to be of comparable quality.  The Fund may invest up to 20% of managed assets in municipal securities that are not exempt from New Jersey state income taxes if the manager believes doing so would enhance the fund’s after-tax total returns.  The fund may invest up to 20% of its managed assets in municipal securities rated below investment quality or judged by the manager to be of comparable quality, of which up to 10% of its managed assets may be rated below B-/B3 or of comparable quality.  The fund may invest in inverse floating rate municipal securities, also known as tender option bonds.  The fund’s use of tender option bonds to more efficiently implement its investment strategy may create up to 10% effective leverage.








Click on the labels above to hide/show the respective graph lines.


			The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made on the date indicated. Original Investment & Cumulative Distributions is the original investment value added to the cash flow received from distributions. The total returns are not adjusted to reflect the effects of taxation and assume reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
		

			Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
		






Daily Pricing




Closing Share Price  (As of 7/26/2017)$14.88

Closing NAV per Share  (As of 7/26/2017)$15.82

Premium / Discount**-5.94%

Current Distribution Rate (Market price)††3.83%

Distribution Amount (Monthly)††$0.0475

Distribution Type Income








Literature Downloads



Quarterly Fact Sheet
Subscribe


Monthly Distributions
Subscribe


Distribution Schedule







Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report








Featured Literature



New Jersey: Why the Garden State is Under Scrutiny







Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information







RISKSInvestment, Market, and Price Risk: Closed-end fund shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.  Common shares frequently trade at a discount to their NAV.  At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than you paid, even after considering the reinvestment of fund distributions.Interest Rate Risk: Fixed-income securities such as bonds, preferred, convertible and other debt securities will decline in value if market interest rates rise.Credit Risk: Debt or preferred securities held by the fund may fail to make dividend or interest payments when due.  Investments in securities below investment grade credit quality are predominantly speculative and subject to greater volatility and risk of default.  Unrated securities are evaluated by fund managers using industry data and their own analysis processes that may be similar to that of a nationally recognized rating agency; however, such internal ratings are not equivalent to a national agency credit rating. Counterparty credit risk may arise if counterparties fail to meet their obligations, should the fund hold any derivative instruments for either investment exposure or hedging purposes.Single State Concentration Risk: Because the fund primarily purchases municipal bonds from a single state or U.S. territories, such as Puerto Rico, the fund is more susceptible to adverse local economic, political, or regulatory changes affecting municipal bond issuers in those locations. Certain municipal bond issuers in Puerto Rico have recently experienced financial difficulties and rating agency downgrades.Tax Risk: The tax treatment of fund distributions may be affected by future changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities.Inverse Floater Risk: The fund invests in inverse floaters. Due to their leveraged nature, these derivative investments can greatly increase a fund’s exposure to interest rate risk and credit risk, including counter-party credit risk. In addition, investments in inverse floaters involve the risk that the fund could lose more than its original principal investment.Call Risk or Prepayment Risk: Issuers may exercise their option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled, forcing the fund to reinvest in lower-yielding securities.Hedging Risk: The fund may use derivative instruments for hedging purposes, but there is no assurance that the fund’s hedging strategy will be successful.  Derivatives may involve a high degree of financial risk, including the risk that the loss on a derivative may be greater than the principal amount invested.Municipal Bond Market Liquidity Risk: Inventories of municipal bonds held by brokers and dealers have decreased in recent years, either due to broker-dealer choices or to federal banking regulations, reducing their ability to make a market in these securities. This may decrease the fund’s ability to buy or sell bonds, and may increase bond price volatility and trading costs, particularly during periods of economic or market stress. As a result, the fund may be forced to sell a security at a lower price than desired, to sell other securities to raise cash, or to give up an investment opportunity, any of which could have a negative effect on performance. Large block sales could further reduce bond prices and hurt fund performance.
NOTES


					** The premium/discount is calculated as (most recent price/most recent NAV) -1.






				Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.

†† INCOME ONLY DISTRIBUTIONS

				Distributions are sourced entirely from net investment income, unless noted otherwise.
				
						
							Distribution rates represent the latest declared regular distribution, annualized, relative to the most recent market price and NAV. Special distributions, including special capital gains distributions, are not included in the calculation.
						
					
			
1 Taxable Equivalent Yield

				Taxable equivalent yield is the yield or distribution rate needed from a taxable investment to be economically equal to receiving the stated tax-free yield from a municipal bond investment. Please note that the income levels shown in the calculator do not reflect (i) any federal or state limitations on the amounts of allowable itemized deductions, phaseouts of personal or dependent exemption credits or other allowable credits, (ii) any local taxes imposed, or (iii) any alternative minimum taxes or any taxes other than personal income taxes. The user is responsible for selecting the applicable federal and, as applicable, state tax rates. The stated federal tax rates for joint incomes over $250,000 include the 3.8% medicare tax imposed on the net investment income of certain taxpayers with higher incomes. This calculator is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to represent actual performance, or to predict future performance, of any Nuveen Investments product. Certain taxpayers may find their effective marginal tax rates to be greater than those shown in the calculator. In that case, the taxable equivalent yield may be even higher.
			

				Income may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax. There is no assurance that tax rates will remain unchanged; the rates used are believed to be correct for tax year 2016.
			
















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





































	NJV - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund
	
		(NYSE MKT: NJV)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature







Glossary




Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Fund Literature
Click "Subscribe" to receive literature updates as soon as they are available by email.



 DocumentAudienceSubscribe



									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - June 2017
								

Investor




									Municipal Market Recap and Outlook
								
 -- Economic outlook with information concerning our economy, along with inflation, interest rates, municipal bond supply and demand, and credit conditions.
Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - May 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - April 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund (NJV) 1Q17 Fact Sheet
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Closed-End Fund Product Actions & Updates 1Q 2017
								
 -- Quarterly overview of fund actions and updates: distributions and leverage 
Investor
Subscribe




									Municipal Market: Positive Momentum to Continue
								
 -- Co-Head of Fixed Income John Miller comments on the municipal markets over the past quarter.
Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - March 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - February 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - January 2017
								

Investor




									Understanding UNII Balances
								

Investor
Subscribe




									New Jersey: Why the Garden State is Under Scrutiny
								
 -- New Jersey has been under scrutiny due to fiscal challenges, and current events validate the market’s concern.
Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions - September 2016
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions - August 2016
								

Investor








An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview tab.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































	NJV - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund | Nuveen




















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund
	
		(NYSE MKT: NJV)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature









Distribution Notice | 
	
Distribution Schedule | 
	
	
	Glossary







Distribution History - Actual since inception

Distribution History















                Key Information Regarding Distributions



Current Distribution (Monthly) (As of 7/3/2017)$0.0475

Avg. Earnings/Share† ( As of 6/30/2017)$0.0480

Avg. Earnings/Distribution Ratio ( As of 6/30/2017)101.05%

Avg. UNII Per Share† ( As of 6/30/2017)$0.0029

Avg. Portfolio Coupon* (As of 6/30/2017)4.59%

Fund Effective Leverage (As of 6/30/2017)9.20%

Annualized leverage cost, based on the latest month^1.61%









            Call Exposure*
			
		
As of 06/30/2017






Percentages reflect the percentage of the fund’s investment exposure callable in the timeframe relative to the “as of” date shown. The "Next 12 months" figure (if shown) includes investments that are currently callable, as well as callable in the next 12 months.
Securities subject to call may not be called.








				Distribution Rate
			




Market (As of 07/26/2017)3.83%

NAV (NAV as of 07/26/2017)3.60%









				Total Distributions Per Share
			




YTD (Declared)$0.3355

Inception to Date (Declared)$6.5336







Income Only Distribution

						Distributions are sourced entirely from net investment income, unless noted otherwise.
					




Taxable Equivalent Yield1
















							An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the
						
							Overview
							tab.




					NOTES
				






†The average earnings per share and UNII figures are monthly amounts representing an average of the last three months.
							

							*Percent allocations, calculations, and averages reflect the Fund's full investment exposure, including the full value of bonds held in tender option bond trusts that have issued residual inverse floating rate securities that the Fund holds.
						
Totals may not add to 100% due to rounding.


Fund data is updated daily, monthly, and quarterly, depending on the specific data point.
	Click 
HERE

		for the update schedule.
	




Frequency
Data included


Daily all funds:

Market price, NAV, premium/discount, annualized distribution rates on market price and NAV


Monthly all funds:
Assets, leverage, expenses, total return performance, distribution amounts, earnings & UNII 


Monthly certain funds:

				Municipal bond fund holdings and portfolio information
			


Monthly certain funds, with 1-month lag:

				Taxable fund holdings and portfolio information except JCE, NSL, JFR and JRO; and % AMT for municipal bond funds
			


Quarterly certain funds:

				JCE, NSL, JFR, and JRO holdings and portfolio information, tax characteristic estimates for distributions from funds paying quarterly distributions
			


Quarterly all funds:

				SEC filings (annual shareholder report, semi-annual shareholder report, or 10-Q filing)
			




^ The annualized ratio of the sum of leverage costs to the average leverage amount for a given time period.

1 Taxable Equivalent Yield

				Taxable equivalent yield is the yield or distribution rate needed from a taxable investment to be economically equal to receiving the stated tax-free yield from a municipal bond investment. Please note that the income levels shown in the calculator do not reflect (i) any federal or state limitations on the amounts of allowable itemized deductions, phaseouts of personal or dependent exemption credits or other allowable credits, (ii) any local taxes imposed, or (iii) any alternative minimum taxes or any taxes other than personal income taxes. The user is responsible for selecting the applicable federal and, as applicable, state tax rates. The stated federal tax rates for joint incomes over $250,000 include the 3.8% medicare tax imposed on the net investment income of certain taxpayers with higher incomes. This calculator is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to represent actual performance, or to predict future performance, of any Nuveen Investments product. Certain taxpayers may find their effective marginal tax rates to be greater than those shown in the calculator. In that case, the taxable equivalent yield may be even higher.
			

				Income may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax. There is no assurance that tax rates will remain unchanged; the rates used are believed to be correct for tax year 2016.
			





< Return
                to Distributions










Distribution History - Actual since inception















Payable DateRecord DateEx-Div DateAmountDistribution Type

8/1/20177/14/20177/12/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

7/3/20176/15/20176/13/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

6/1/20175/15/20175/11/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

5/1/20174/11/20174/11/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

4/3/20173/15/20173/13/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

3/1/20172/15/20172/13/20170.0490Tax-Exempt

2/1/20171/13/20171/11/20170.0490Tax-Exempt

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.1503Long Term Cap Gain

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0029Short Term Cap Gain

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0258Taxable

12/1/201611/15/201611/10/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

11/1/201610/14/201610/12/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

10/3/20169/15/20169/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

9/1/20168/15/20168/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

8/1/20167/15/20167/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

7/1/20166/15/20166/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

6/1/20165/13/20165/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

5/2/20164/15/20164/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

4/1/20163/15/20163/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

3/1/20162/12/20162/10/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

2/1/20161/15/20161/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.2089Long Term Cap Gain

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.0167Taxable

12/1/201511/13/201511/10/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

11/2/201510/15/201510/13/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

10/1/20159/15/20159/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

9/1/20158/14/20158/12/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

8/3/20157/15/20157/13/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

7/1/20156/15/20156/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

6/1/20155/15/20155/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

5/1/20154/15/20154/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

4/1/20153/13/20153/11/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

3/2/20152/13/20152/11/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

2/2/20151/15/20151/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.0226Taxable

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.1784Long Term Cap Gain

12/1/201411/14/201411/12/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

11/3/201410/15/201410/10/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

10/1/20149/15/20149/11/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

9/2/20148/15/20148/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

8/1/20147/15/20147/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

7/1/20146/13/20146/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

6/2/20145/15/20145/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

5/1/20144/15/20144/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

4/1/20143/14/20143/12/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

3/3/20142/14/20142/12/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

2/3/20141/15/20141/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.1938Long Term Cap Gain

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.0102Taxable

12/2/201311/15/201311/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

11/1/201310/15/201310/10/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

10/1/20139/13/20139/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

9/3/20138/15/20138/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

8/1/20137/15/20137/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

7/1/20136/14/20136/12/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

6/3/20135/15/20135/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

5/1/20134/15/20134/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

4/1/20133/15/20133/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

3/1/20132/15/20132/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

2/1/20131/15/20131/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.0160Taxable

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.2529Long Term Cap Gain

12/3/201211/15/201211/13/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

11/1/201210/15/201210/11/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

10/1/20129/14/20129/12/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

9/4/20128/15/20128/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

8/1/20127/13/20127/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

7/2/20126/15/20126/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

6/1/20125/15/20125/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

5/1/20124/15/20124/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

4/2/20123/15/20123/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

3/1/20122/15/20122/13/20120.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20121/15/20121/11/20120.0640Tax-Exempt

12/30/201112/15/201112/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

12/1/201111/15/201111/10/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

11/1/201110/15/201110/12/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

10/3/20119/15/20119/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20118/15/20118/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

8/1/20117/15/20117/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20116/15/20116/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

6/1/20115/15/20115/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

5/2/20114/15/20114/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

4/1/20113/15/20113/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

3/1/20112/15/20112/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20111/15/20111/12/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/201012/15/201012/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/201012/15/201012/13/20100.0246Short Term Cap Gain

12/1/201011/15/201011/10/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

11/1/201010/15/201010/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

10/1/20109/15/20109/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20108/15/20108/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

8/2/20107/15/20107/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20106/15/20106/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

6/1/20105/15/20105/12/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

5/3/20104/15/20104/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

4/1/20103/15/20103/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

3/1/20102/15/20102/10/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20101/15/20101/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/200912/15/200912/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

12/1/200911/15/200911/10/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

11/2/200910/15/200910/13/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

10/1/20099/15/20099/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20098/15/20098/12/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

8/3/20097/15/20097/13/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20096/15/20096/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt




» Back to top















< Return
                    to Distributions



                        Capital Structure




As of
                                        06/30/2017




Total Managed Assets


                                    $24,471,152
                                



                             



Common Shares 

Shares Outstanding1,551,357

Avg. Daily Volume (in shares)2,318




                             



N/A











				PORTFOLIO INFORMATION
			




Preferred Shares 

As of 6/30/2017 

Avg. Priced-to-Date2025

Avg. Coupon4.59%

Avg. Bond Price of Portfolio$100.90

% Portfolio Pre-refunded7.03%

% Income Subject to AMT( As of 4/28/2017)6.73%








            Call Exposure*
			
		
As of 06/30/2017






Percentages reflect the percentage of the fund’s investment exposure callable in the timeframe relative to the “as of” date shown. The "Next 12 months" figure (if shown) includes investments that are currently callable, as well as callable in the next 12 months.
Securities subject to call may not be called.








                        Distribution History


Show Distribution
                                History Detail



Payable DateRecord DateEx-Div DateAmountDistribution Type

8/1/20177/14/20177/12/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

7/3/20176/15/20176/13/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

6/1/20175/15/20175/11/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

5/1/20174/11/20174/11/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

4/3/20173/15/20173/13/20170.0475Tax-Exempt

3/1/20172/15/20172/13/20170.0490Tax-Exempt

2/1/20171/13/20171/11/20170.0490Tax-Exempt

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.1503Long Term Cap Gain

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0029Short Term Cap Gain

12/30/201612/15/201612/13/20160.0258Taxable

12/1/201611/15/201611/10/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

11/1/201610/14/201610/12/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

10/3/20169/15/20169/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

9/1/20168/15/20168/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

8/1/20167/15/20167/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

7/1/20166/15/20166/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

6/1/20165/13/20165/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

5/2/20164/15/20164/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

4/1/20163/15/20163/11/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

3/1/20162/12/20162/10/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

2/1/20161/15/20161/13/20160.0490Tax-Exempt

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.2089Long Term Cap Gain

12/31/201512/15/201512/11/20150.0167Taxable

12/1/201511/13/201511/10/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

11/2/201510/15/201510/13/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

10/1/20159/15/20159/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

9/1/20158/14/20158/12/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

8/3/20157/15/20157/13/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

7/1/20156/15/20156/11/20150.0490Tax-Exempt

6/1/20155/15/20155/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

5/1/20154/15/20154/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

4/1/20153/13/20153/11/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

3/2/20152/13/20152/11/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

2/2/20151/15/20151/13/20150.0500Tax-Exempt

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.0226Taxable

12/31/201412/15/201412/11/20140.1784Long Term Cap Gain

12/1/201411/14/201411/12/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

11/3/201410/15/201410/10/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

10/1/20149/15/20149/11/20140.0500Tax-Exempt

9/2/20148/15/20148/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

8/1/20147/15/20147/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

7/1/20146/13/20146/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

6/2/20145/15/20145/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

5/1/20144/15/20144/11/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

4/1/20143/14/20143/12/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

3/3/20142/14/20142/12/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

2/3/20141/15/20141/13/20140.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.1938Long Term Cap Gain

12/31/201312/13/201312/11/20130.0102Taxable

12/2/201311/15/201311/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

11/1/201310/15/201310/10/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

10/1/20139/13/20139/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

9/3/20138/15/20138/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

8/1/20137/15/20137/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

7/1/20136/14/20136/12/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

6/3/20135/15/20135/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

5/1/20134/15/20134/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

4/1/20133/15/20133/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

3/1/20132/15/20132/13/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

2/1/20131/15/20131/11/20130.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.0520Tax-Exempt

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.0160Taxable

12/31/201212/14/201212/12/20120.2529Long Term Cap Gain

12/3/201211/15/201211/13/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

11/1/201210/15/201210/11/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

10/1/20129/14/20129/12/20120.0540Tax-Exempt

9/4/20128/15/20128/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

8/1/20127/13/20127/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

7/2/20126/15/20126/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

6/1/20125/15/20125/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

5/1/20124/15/20124/11/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

4/2/20123/15/20123/13/20120.0580Tax-Exempt

3/1/20122/15/20122/13/20120.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20121/15/20121/11/20120.0640Tax-Exempt

12/30/201112/15/201112/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

12/1/201111/15/201111/10/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

11/1/201110/15/201110/12/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

10/3/20119/15/20119/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20118/15/20118/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

8/1/20117/15/20117/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20116/15/20116/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

6/1/20115/15/20115/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

5/2/20114/15/20114/13/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

4/1/20113/15/20113/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

3/1/20112/15/20112/11/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20111/15/20111/12/20110.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/201012/15/201012/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/201012/15/201012/13/20100.0246Short Term Cap Gain

12/1/201011/15/201011/10/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

11/1/201010/15/201010/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

10/1/20109/15/20109/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20108/15/20108/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

8/2/20107/15/20107/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20106/15/20106/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

6/1/20105/15/20105/12/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

5/3/20104/15/20104/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

4/1/20103/15/20103/11/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

3/1/20102/15/20102/10/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

2/1/20101/15/20101/13/20100.0640Tax-Exempt

12/31/200912/15/200912/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

12/1/200911/15/200911/10/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

11/2/200910/15/200910/13/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

10/1/20099/15/20099/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

9/1/20098/15/20098/12/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

8/3/20097/15/20097/13/20090.0640Tax-Exempt

7/1/20096/15/20096/11/20090.0640Tax-Exempt










Distribution History - Actual since inception
































							Distribution Information
						

							Estimate of Tax Characteristics for Taxable CEF Distribution (19a Notice)
						


























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
17477-INV-Y-07/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






































NJV Stock Price - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE American) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains




Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,754.07


43.06


0.20%











S&P 500

2,481.81


3.98


0.16%











Nasdaq

6,455.79


33.04


0.51%











GlobalDow

2,857.00


7.47


0.26%











Gold

1,269.10


13.50


1.08%











Oil

48.68


-0.07


-0.14%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALXN 
7.6




FB 
5.1




BWA 
4.6




VZ 
4.1






PSA
-8.4




FFIV
-6.8




JCI
-6.6




LUV
-5.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:30a

Breaking
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records



9:30a

Breaking
U.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings



9:30a

Country Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister



9:25a

Origo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted



9:23a

Inventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows



9:22a

Twitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares



9:20a

Updated
Wasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 



9:19a

Updated
Every day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd



9:13a

Updated
Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low



9:12a

Shell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


NJV


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



NJV
U.S.: NYSE American


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund

Watchlist 
CreateNJVAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 2:49 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
14.88



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$14.88





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




101.0% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 2.7K
            





Open: 14.71
Last: 14.88



14.71
Day Low/High
14.88





Day Range



14.36
52 Week Low/High
17.03


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$14.71



Day Range
14.71 - 14.88



52 Week Range
14.36 - 17.03



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
1.57M



Public Float
1.38M



Beta
0.06



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
3.83%



Dividend
$0.05



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
84
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
0.01%



Average Volume
2.73K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.07%







1 Month


0.20%







3 Month


-0.67%







YTD


-10.09%







1 Year


-9.21%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)
Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

Jun. 12, 2017 at 6:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis
As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis

Jun. 12, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 10, 2017 at 12:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds


Apr. 5, 2017 at 1:07 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution funds goes ex-dividend on Monday


Mar. 10, 2017 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Hidden Risk In The Muni Bond Market


Feb. 23, 2017 at 5:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen Funds goes ex-dividend on Monday


Feb. 10, 2017 at 11:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Trump's Tax Plan Could Cost You - Here's What To Do About It


Feb. 8, 2017 at 1:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - January 2017: CEFs Continuing To Improve In Health


Feb. 6, 2017 at 10:42 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





American Small Businesses Party Like It's 2004


Jan. 17, 2017 at 10:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds


Jan. 11, 2017 at 11:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Markets After The U.S. Presidential Election: When The Dust Settles


Dec. 15, 2016 at 1:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution


Dec. 13, 2016 at 8:48 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution


Nov. 10, 2016 at 12:52 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Other State Muncipal Funds


Oct. 7, 2016 at 8:41 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on other state funds


Sep. 13, 2016 at 10:48 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





U.S. Public Sector Pensions: Understanding The Risk


Oct. 7, 2015 at 10:11 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Bond Exposure: When Does It Make Sense To Go Local?


Sep. 8, 2015 at 9:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

5.13%








TWTR

-12.21%








CLF

2.73%








VZ

4.23%








GNC

-1.28%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:31 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,755.38

+44.37
+0.20%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,455.80

+33.06
+0.51%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.54

+3.71
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:31 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,758.16

+47.15
+0.22%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,455.67

+32.93
+0.51%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.50

+3.67
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:31 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,755.66

+44.65
+0.21%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,455.72

+32.97
+0.51%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.51

+3.68
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































NJV Stock Price - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE American) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains




Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,754.07


43.06


0.20%











S&P 500

2,481.81


3.98


0.16%











Nasdaq

6,455.79


33.04


0.51%











GlobalDow

2,857.00


7.47


0.26%











Gold

1,269.10


13.50


1.08%











Oil

48.68


-0.07


-0.14%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALXN 
7.6




FB 
5.1




BWA 
4.6




VZ 
4.1






PSA
-8.4




FFIV
-6.8




JCI
-6.6




LUV
-5.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:30a

Breaking
S&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records



9:30a

Breaking
U.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings



9:30a

Country Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister



9:25a

Origo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted



9:23a

Inventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows



9:22a

Twitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares



9:20a

Updated
Wasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 



9:19a

Updated
Every day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd



9:13a

Updated
Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low



9:12a

Shell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


NJV


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



NJV
U.S.: NYSE American


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund

Watchlist 
CreateNJVAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 2:49 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
14.88



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$14.88





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




101.0% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 2.7K
            





Open: 14.71
Last: 14.88



14.71
Day Low/High
14.88





Day Range



14.36
52 Week Low/High
17.03


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$14.71



Day Range
14.71 - 14.88



52 Week Range
14.36 - 17.03



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
1.57M



Public Float
1.38M



Beta
0.06



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
3.83%



Dividend
$0.05



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
84
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
0.01%



Average Volume
2.73K




 


Performance




5 Day


-0.07%







1 Month


0.20%







3 Month


-0.67%







YTD


-10.09%







1 Year


-9.21%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)
Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

Jun. 12, 2017 at 6:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis
As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis

Jun. 12, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 10, 2017 at 12:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds


Apr. 5, 2017 at 1:07 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution funds goes ex-dividend on Monday


Mar. 10, 2017 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Hidden Risk In The Muni Bond Market


Feb. 23, 2017 at 5:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen Funds goes ex-dividend on Monday


Feb. 10, 2017 at 11:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Trump's Tax Plan Could Cost You - Here's What To Do About It


Feb. 8, 2017 at 1:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - January 2017: CEFs Continuing To Improve In Health


Feb. 6, 2017 at 10:42 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





American Small Businesses Party Like It's 2004


Jan. 17, 2017 at 10:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds


Jan. 11, 2017 at 11:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Markets After The U.S. Presidential Election: When The Dust Settles


Dec. 15, 2016 at 1:59 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution


Dec. 13, 2016 at 8:48 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution


Nov. 10, 2016 at 12:52 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Other State Muncipal Funds


Oct. 7, 2016 at 8:41 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on other state funds


Sep. 13, 2016 at 10:48 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





U.S. Public Sector Pensions: Understanding The Risk


Oct. 7, 2015 at 10:11 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Bond Exposure: When Does It Make Sense To Go Local?


Sep. 8, 2015 at 9:28 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

5.10%








TWTR

-11.93%








CLF

2.78%








VZ

4.16%








GNC

-1.60%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    NJV Key Statistics - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Nasdaq futures set premarket pace as U.S. stocks position for Thursday gains »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers







X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Shares of 'blank-check company' Origo surge on news of High Times deal »
        

















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund

                  NYSE American: NJV
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 2:49 p.m.


NJV

/quotes/zigman/548333/composite


$
14.88




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 2,755
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/548333/composite
Previous close

$
			14.88
		


$
				14.88
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$14.71
$14.88










52 week low
52 week high

            $14.36
        

            $17.03
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Gifford R. Zimmerman 
60
1988
Chief Administrative Officer



Mr. Walter M. Kelly 
46
2003
Chief Compliance Officer & Vice President



Ms. Margo L. Cook 
52
2016
Director



Mr. William  Adams 
61
2013
Director



Mr. Nathaniel T. Jones 
37
2016
Treasurer & Vice President





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/njv

      MarketWatch News on NJV
    
No News currently available for NJV





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/njv

      Other News on NJV
    





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

1:37 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

6:20 p.m. June 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis

9:37 a.m. June 12, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:06 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:45 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:07 p.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

11:49 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Hidden Risk In The Muni Bond Market

6:28 p.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen Funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

12:37 p.m. Feb. 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Trump's Tax Plan Could Cost You - Here's What To Do About It

2:57 p.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - January 2017: CEFs Continuing To Improve In Health

11:42 p.m. Feb. 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





American Small Businesses Party Like It's 2004

11:15 p.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:16 p.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Markets After The U.S. Presidential Election: When The Dust Settles

2:59 a.m. Dec. 15, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

9:48 a.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

1:52 p.m. Nov. 10, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Other State Muncipal Funds

8:41 a.m. Oct. 7, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on other state funds

10:48 a.m. Sept. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





U.S. Public Sector Pensions: Understanding The Risk

10:11 p.m. Oct. 7, 2015
 - Seeking Alpha





Muni Bond Exposure: When Does It Make Sense To Go Local?

9:28 p.m. Sept. 8, 2015
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund
333 West Wacker Drive


Chicago, Illinois 60606




Phone
1 8002578787


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for NJV











/news/pressrelease/company/us/njv

      Press Releases on NJV
    




 Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains
6:38 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:31 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:31aBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow, Nasdaq all hits intraday records
9:30aBREAKINGU.S. stocks open higher after upbeat earnings
9:30aCountry Musician's Austin Home Designed by His Architect Sister
9:25aOrigo shares jump 4% after trading halt lifted
9:24aInventories surge in June as trade deficit narrows
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,760.40

+49.39
+0.23%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,455.50

+32.75
+0.51%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,481.62

+3.79
+0.15%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:31 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. It is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. The fund invests in fixed income markets of New Jersey. It primarily invests its assets in a portfolio of municipal securities with an objective to provide current income exempt from regular federal and New Jersey income taxes. The fund uses value oriented strategy to make its investments. It employs a fundamental analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. Nuveen New Jersey Municip...
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. It is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. The fund invests in fixed income markets of New Jersey. It primarily invests its assets in a portfolio of municipal securities with an objective to provide current income exempt from regular federal and New Jersey income taxes. The fund uses value oriented strategy to make its investments. It employs a fundamental analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund was formed on January 26, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 312-917-7700

Fax: 312-917-6912

www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=NJV







Key Executives for Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund




Mr. Stephen D. Foy


      	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Walter M. Kelly


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Scott S. Grace


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Kevin J. McCarthy


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Kathleen L. Prudhomme


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 64
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Key Developments

Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Tax-Free Distribution, Payable on August 1, 2017
Jul 3 17
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund has declared a regular monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0475 per unit. The dividend is payable on August 1, 2017 to the unit holders of record on July 14, 2017 and ex-dividend date is July 12, 2017.


Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on July 3, 2017
Jun 1 17
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund declared monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0475 per unit, payable on July 3, 2017 to the unit holders of record on June 15, 2017 and ex-dividend date is June 13, 2017.


Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on June 1, 2017
May 1 17
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund declared monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0475 per unit payable on June 1, 2017 for the holders of record date on May 15, 2017. Ex-dividend date is May 11, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund, please visit www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=NJV.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  XNJVX Quote - Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund   XNJVX:US   NASDAQ GM        15.82USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   15.25 - 16.41    1 Yr Return   0.19%    YTD Return   4.48%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   15.82    52Wk Range   15.25 - 16.41    1 Yr Return   0.31%    YTD Return   4.48%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Muni Single State Long    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   New Jersey    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   15.82    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   24.538    Inception Date   04/27/2009    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.0475    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   3.60%    Fund Managers   PAUL L BRENNAN    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.40%    Expense Ratio   0.89%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        64579FXZ:MUN   NJ HLTH-VIRTUA    2.00 k 2.16 m 8.42      64580AAT:MUN   NJ HLTH FING SER A    2.00 k 2.13 m 8.31      646080JP:MUN   NJ HGR ED-SER A    1.00 k 1.07 m 4.17      646108GU:MUN   NJS HSG-NON AMT-A    1.00 k 1.04 m 4.04      646065ZV:MUN   NJ EDL-REF-A-KEAN UNI    910.00 982.04 k 3.83      888808DF:MUN   TOB SETTLEMENT SER 1A    870.00 858.49 k 3.35      646139W5:MUN   NJ TPK SER E    765.00 805.48 k 3.14      646136WU:MUN   NJ TRN FD CAB-SER -A    2.27 k 709.65 k 2.77      40065HCX:MUN   GUAM GOVT-30-A    630.00 699.88 k 2.73      906346HN:MUN   UNION CO IMPT AUTH-A    535.00 697.93 k 2.72           Profile   Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal and New Jersey income taxes. The Fund invests in a portfolio of municipal securities that has the potential to outperform major municipal market benchmarks over the longer term.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606-1286   Phone  1-800-257-8787   Website   www.nuveen.com              










NJV - Stock Quote and Charts for Nuveen NJ Municipal Value Fund

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















Nuveen NJ Municipal Value Fund (NJV)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






14.88
+0.08  +0.54%
NYSE MKT
Jul 26, 20:00
Delayed 2m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Holdings


Data


News


Performance









View Full Chart
NJV Price Chart
















NJV Key Stats






Expense Ratio


                                

                                0.89%
                            
                        


Share Class Assets Under Management


                                

                                24.54M
                            
                        


30-Day Average Daily Volume

Upgrade











Net Asset Value


                                

                                15.82
                            
                        


Discount or Premium to NAV


                                

                                -6.45%
                            
                        


Turnover Ratio


                                

                                14.00
                            
                        








View All NJV News
NJV News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


07/03 13:26



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


06/01 17:00



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


05/01 16:30



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


04/03 16:11



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


02/01 17:44



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


01/03 17:50



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


12/01 17:39



Business Wire



                                
                                Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains


12/01 17:38



Business Wire



                                
                                Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions


11/01 16:32



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Other State Muncipal Funds


10/07 08:41











NJV Performance


 
Total Return
Cat. Total Return (NAV)
% Rank in Cat. (NAV)


1M
-1.59%
0.30%
100


3M
-0.18%
2.74%
100


6M
-5.19%
5.17%
100


1Y
-5.12%
-0.97%
1


3Y
6.06%
5.24%
100


5Y
2.90%
4.82%
100


10Y
--
4.94%
--



        
            As of July 26, 2017.
        
            Returns for periods of 1 year and above are annualized.
    


NJV Asset Allocation


Type
% Net
% Long
% Short


Cash
-0.37%
0.10%
0.47%


Stock
0.00
0.00
0.00


Bond
99.51%
99.51%
0.00


Convertible
0.00
0.00
0.00


Preferred
0.00
0.00
0.00


Other
0.86%
0.86%
0.00


As of June 30, 2017


NJV Region Exposure




Americas
100.0%


North America
100.0%


Latin America
0.00


Greater Europe
0.00


United Kingdom
0.00


Europe Developed
0.00


Europe Emerging
0.00


Africa/Middle East
0.00








Greater Asia
0.00


Japan
0.00


Australasia
0.00


Asia Developed
0.00


Asia Emerging
0.00


Market Classification



% Developed Markets
100.0%


% Emerging Markets
0.00





As of June 30, 2017.
    
    Region breakdown data is calculated by using the long position holdings of the portfolio.





NJV Bond Exposure


Government
4.88%


Corporate
0.00


Securitized
0.00


Municipal
95.02%


Cash
0.10%


Derivative
0.00


As of June 30, 2017


NJV Bond Credit Quality Exposure


AAA
4.74%


AA
36.82%


A
34.16%


BBB
18.47%


BB
1.38%


B
3.19%


Below B
0.00


As of Jan. 31, 2016






NJV Bond Maturity Exposure


1 to 7 Days
0.00


8 to 30 Days
0.00


31 to 90 Days
0.00


91 to 182 Days
0.53%


183 to 364 Days
0.82%


1 to 3 Years
2.16%


3 to 5 Years
1.92%


5 to 7 Years
0.29%


7 to 10 Years
4.84%


10 to 15 Years
22.65%


15 to 20 Years
10.71%


20 to 30 Years
47.64%


Over 30 Years
8.44%


As of June 30, 2017






View More Holdings
NJV Top 10 Holdings


Symbol
Name
% Weight
Price
% Chg



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey Health Care Facs Fi Sta 5.75%
8.71%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey St Higher Ed Assist Re 5.625%
4.37%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey St Hsg & Mtg Fin Ag Rev 4.95%
4.23%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey St Edl Facs Auth 5.5%
4.01%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Tobacco Settlement Fing Corp N Asset 5%
3.51%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey St Tpk Auth 5.25%
3.29%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
New Jersey St Transn Tr Fd Aut Transp
2.90%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Guam Govt Ltd Obl Rev Rev Bds 5.75%
2.86%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Tender Opt Bd Tr Rcpts / Ctfs Ctfs
2.70%
--
--



                
                    --
                
            
Delaware Riv Jt Toll Brdg Comm Rev Bd 5%
2.55%
--
--


As of June 30, 2017





Advertisement





NJV One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





NJV Basic Info

Style

Broad Asset Class
Municipal Bond


Broad Category
Tax Preferred


Category Name
Muni New Jersey


Prospectus Objective
Municipal Bond - Single State


Fund Owner Firm Name
Nuveen




NJV Manager Info


Name
Tenure


Paul Brennan
6.50 yrs




NJV Net Fund Flows


1M
-71709.08


3M
-211165.8


6M
-433444.6


YTD
-71709.08


1Y
-868129.3


3Y
--


5Y
--


10Y
--


As of Jan. 31, 2012


NJV Risk Info


Beta (5Y) 
1.629


Max Drawdown (All) 
25.14%


Historical Sharpe (10Y) 
--


Historical Sortino (All) 
0.7438


30-Day Rolling Volatility 
11.10%


Daily Value at Risk (VaR) 1% (All) 
2.15%


Monthly Value at Risk (VaR) 1% (All) 
7.50%




NJV Fundamentals


Dividend Yield TTM
                
                    (7-25-17)
                
            
4.10%


SEC Yield
                
            
--


Current Yield
--


Yield to Maturity
4.44%


Effective Duration
--


Average Coupon
5.55%


Average Credit Score

            --
            
            


Average Price
107.43


Number of Holdings
105


As of June 30, 2017


NJV Comparables

Edit









                                        EVJ
                                    


                                    EV NJ Municipal Income
                                




                                        EMJ
                                    


                                    EV NJ Municipal Bond
                                




                                        NXJ
                                    


                                    Nuveen NJ Quality Muni
                                




                                        BLJ
                                    


                                    BlackRock NJ Municipal Bond
                                




                                        MUJ
                                    


                                    BlackRock MuniHoldings NJ Qty
                                




                                        MYJ
                                    


                                    BlackRock MuniYield NJ
                                







NJV Attributes

Key Dates

Inception Date
4/28/2009


Last Annual Report Date
2/28/2017


Last Prospectus Date
2/21/2013

Attributes

Exchange Traded Share
No


Exchange Traded Note
No


Enhanced Index Fund
No


Index Fund
No


Inverse Fund
No


Leveraged Fund
Yes


Fund of Funds
No


Currency Hedged Fund
No


Synthetic Replication Fund
No


Has Dividend Investment Plan
Yes

General Availability

Available for Insurance Product
No


Available for Retirement Plan
No


Available for RRSP
No




NJV Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("NJV","name")
Broad Asset Class:  =YCI("NJV", "broad_asset_class")
Broad Category: =YCI("NJV", "broad_category_group")
Prospectus Objective: =YCI("NJV", "prospectus_objective")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                





















Tax-Efficient Solutions | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Tax Efficiency












Tax Efficiency






















Municipal bonds may help maximize your clients' after-tax returns. Help counteract rising taxes with tax-efficient solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

Your clients have worked too hard building their wealth to lose it to taxes. And in the current financial climate, what you keep is more important than what you earn. Fortunately municipal bonds can help offset higher taxes while providing attractive yields. Discover ways to maximize your clients’ investment returns while preserving their capital with more tax-efficient* solutions.
Solutions for Tax Efficiency




Columbia Short Term Municipal Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Short

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund seeks to minimize the fluctuation of principal with the potential to deliver an attractive level of income through investing in short-term investment-grade municipal securities.
Benefits

Emphasizes stability of net asset value and preservation of capital
Barbell approach limits volatility and provides liquidity while striving to enhance income
Diversifies across a wide range of issuers, sectors and geographical regions




Columbia AMT-Free Intermediate Muni Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund strives to deliver strong total returns with an emphasis on capital preservation by identifying relative value opportunities and managing risks through independent, fundamental credit research.
Benefits

Focuses on intermediate maturities to offer attractive yields with lower duration than longer maturities
Invests in lower rated, investment-grade municipal bonds for enhanced income
Adds value by actively managing structural components such as maturity, quality, sector and coupon relative to fund’s index






Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund
Morningstar Category: High Yield Muni

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund aims to deliver a high level of income and price appreciation — with an emphasis on risk management — through investments in higher yielding, lower quality securities.
Benefits

Offers above average liquidity in the form of cash and higher quality securities
Disciplined risk-management process sets restrictions on concentration and volatile credit exposure
Less sensitive to interest rate changes than high-quality counterparts





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














nuveen municipal fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Nuveen Nuveen Municipal - Explore Our Muni Bond Funds.



Ad
 ·
Nuveen.com/​CEF



Explore Our Muni Bond Funds. Download Fact Sheets.





Discover Income Potential



Closed-End Fund Strategy




Subscribe to Commentary





Columbia Threadneedle - Strategic Municipal Income



Ad
 ·
www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/​MunicipalFund



Consider a Flexible Approach to Municipal Bond Investing. Discover Our Strategy.





Our Philosophy



Our Philosophy



About Us




Consistency Is Beautiful



Consistency Is Beautiful



At Columbia Threadneedle





Nuveen municipal funds - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Nuveen Municipal Funds/​Search no more



Nuveen municipal funds Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related tonuveen municipal fund



nuveen municipal funds tax information


nuveen nuv closing price


nuveen tax free municipal bonds


nuveen a share breakpoints


nuveen tax free mutual funds



nuveen closed end muni funds


nuveen high yield municipal bond fund


nuveen municipal bond funds


nuveen bond funds




Web Results

Nuveen - Official Site

https://www.nuveen.com


Nuveen is a global investment manager that works in partnership with our clients to create outcome-focused solutions to help them reach their goals for their ...



Contact Us



Careers



Mutual Funds



Closed-End Funds



Individual Investors



Mutual Funds | Nuveen

https://nuveen.com/MutualFunds/Default.aspx


Barron’s Cover Story: The Growth of Nuveen & TIAA. A recent Barron’s cover story explores how Nuveen and our parent company TIAA have evolved over the past few ...


Nuveen AZ Municipal Bond Fund (FAZTX) - U.S. News: Money

https://money.usnews.com/.../nuveen-az-municipal-bond-fund/faztx


See Nuveen AZ Municipal Bond Fund (FAZTX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Nuveen AZ Municipal Bond Fund performance, holdings ...


NUV Stock Price - Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc. Stock ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/NUV


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Celebrates 30 Years of ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nuveen-municipal-value-fund...


To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Nuveen Municipal Value Fund , Nuveen will ring the Opening Bell at the New York Stock Exchange on June 27th. Managed by Dan ...


List of All Nuveen Funds

quicktake.morningstar.com/fundfamily/nuveen/0C00001YSP/fund-list.aspx


View Morningstar’s complete list of Nuveen Funds by name to find the best Nuveen Funds for your portfolio.


NHMRX Nuveen High Yield Municipal Bond I Fund NHMRX Quote ...

www.morningstar.com/funds/XNAS/NHMRX/quote.html


Today's real-time NHMRX fund quote Nuveen High Yield Municipal Bond I ticker symbol NHMRX price, snapshot, NAV, ratings, historical returns, news, risk measures, fees.


NHA Stock Price - Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/NHA


Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Find Nuveen funds and ETFs - U.S. News: Money

https://money.usnews.com/funds/nuveen


Search for the Best Nuveen Mutual Fund or ETF that's right for you.


Nuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4089504-nuveen-quality-muni-inc...


A general update of Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Muni Income Fund since our initial article. Detailed discussion of portfolio changes over the last 11 months.










Nuveen Nuveen Municipal - Explore Our Muni Bond Funds.



Ad
 ·
Nuveen.com/​CEF



Explore Our Muni Bond Funds. Download Fact Sheets.





Discover Income Potential



Closed-End Fund Strategy




Subscribe to Commentary





Columbia Threadneedle - Strategic Municipal Income



Ad
 ·
www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/​MunicipalFund



Consider a Flexible Approach to Municipal Bond Investing. Discover Our Strategy.





Our Philosophy



Our Philosophy



About Us




Consistency Is Beautiful



Consistency Is Beautiful



At Columbia Threadneedle





Nuveen municipal funds - We have it on Search.com | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Nuveen Municipal Funds/​Search no more



Nuveen municipal funds Results for your search. See yourself.





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tonuveen municipal fund



nuveen municipal funds tax information


nuveen nuv closing price


nuveen tax free municipal bonds


nuveen a share breakpoints


nuveen tax free mutual funds



nuveen closed end muni funds


nuveen high yield municipal bond fund


nuveen municipal bond funds


nuveen bond funds




12345Next






Answers







Nuveen



founder John Nuveen. In October 2014, TIAA-CREF completed their purchase of Nuveen. Nuveen started in the municipal bond underwriting business and...

more






Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund



The Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund (or IMRF) is the second largest and best-funded public pension system in the U.S. state of Illinois. Since 1941,...

more






Municipal services



municipality or be sub-contracted to a third party. Funness Funding for the services provided varies with the municipality in question. Funding can...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































