


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                













Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Global Income Builder NextShares  



EVGBC
Symbol



$22.33
$0.07


Net Asset ValueJul 26, 2017



$22.33
$0.07


Closing PriceJul 26, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund invests in common stocks, income instruments, preferred stocks and hybrid securities around the globe that the portfolio managers believe may provide attractive levels of income. For its investments in common stocks, the managers may also seek t o invest in securities they believe have the potential to grow income and/or provide capital appreciation over time.



The Approach
Fund managers employ a bottom-up, research driven process to identify what they believe are attractive global securities up and down the capital structure. Management endeavors to invest in income producing instruments, coupled with investments in common  stocks that may have the potential for growth of income and capital appreciation over time. Overall asset allocation decisions are made collectively by the portfolio managers.



The Features
The global, multi-asset class approach may provide diversification benefits as management seeks to uncover opportunities across an array of income producing securities and common stock. A flexible mandate with broad discretion (within the specified inves tment ranges) to allocate across investment instruments may help navigate the challenges that face traditional sources of income.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
03/30/2016


Investment Objective
Total return


Total Net Assets2
$15.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$380.7M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
700000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


CUSIP
27830G863







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alphabet Inc - CL C



Johnson & Johnson



Wells Fargo & Co



Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc



Interpublic Group of Cos Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Facebook Inc



Chubb Ltd



CDW Corp/DE



Melrose Industries PLC



Total
11.14







Portfolio Management




 
Christopher M. Dyer, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Michael A. Allison, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


John H. Croft, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Jeffrey D. Mueller


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


MSCI World Index1
9.04
-40.71
29.99
11.76
-5.54
15.83
26.68
4.94
-0.87
7.51





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


Inception
03/30/2016


Distribution Frequency
Monthly







Yield Information8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Distribution Rate at NAV
5.44%


Subsidized SEC 30-day Yield
2.19%


Unsubsidized SEC 30-day Yield
1.66%







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 25, 2017
$22.26
-$0.01


Jul 24, 2017
$22.27
-$0.04


Jul 21, 2017
$22.31
-$0.01


Jul 20, 2017
$22.32
$0.05


Jul 19, 2017
$22.27
$0.07


Jul 18, 2017
$22.20
$0.03


Jul 17, 2017
$22.17
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$22.17
$0.10


Jul 13, 2017
$22.07
$0.05


Jul 12, 2017
$22.02
$0.10







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Jul 03, 2017
$0.10000


Jun 01, 2017
$0.10000


May 01, 2017
$0.10000


Apr 03, 2017
$0.05000


Mar 01, 2017
$0.05550


Feb 01, 2017
$0.04110


Jan 03, 2017
$0.09020


Dec 01, 2016
$0.07070


Nov 01, 2016
$0.04690


Oct 03, 2016
$0.04440





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus






Capital Gain History9






Ex-Date
Short-Term
Long-Term


 



No records in this table indicates that there has not been a capital gain greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. SEC 30-day yield is a standardized measure based on the estimated yield to maturity of a fund's investments over a 30-day period and is based on the maximum offer price at the date specified. The SEC 30-day yield is not based on the distributions made by  the fund, which may differ. Subsidized yield reflects the effect of fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Distribution Rate at NAV is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV. The Fund's monthly distribution may  be comprised of ordinary income, net realized capital gains and returns of capital.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 26, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$22.33
+$0.07
+0.31%


Closing NAV
$22.33
+$0.07
+0.31%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV




Low
NAV




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV




Closing
NAV




Trading Volume (Shares)










Trading History11Inception through Jul 26, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 26, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 25, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 24, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 21, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 26, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%



1%


 +0.26% to +0.50%
2%
2%
0%
17%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
94%
94%
100%
82%


-0.26% to -0.50%
4%
5%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7,13,14,15as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Foreign Common Stocks
30.83


U.S. Common Stocks
27.39


U.S. Corporate Bonds
19.44


Foreign Corporate Bonds
11.05


Cash
4.55


Floating-Rate Loans
3.37


Preferred Stock
3.30


Convertible Bond
0.08


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$101.8B


Price/Earnings Ratio
17.57


Number of Holdings
506


Number of Equity Holdings
141


Price/Book Ratio
2.39


Average Coupon
6.43%


Average Maturity
9.87 yrs.


Average Duration
1.25 yrs.


Average Price
$105.04







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,16as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
MSCI World Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
14.47
12.32


Consumer Staples
7.91
9.67


Energy
7.97
6.04


Financials
20.00
18.01


Health Care
10.29
12.55


Industrials
12.28
11.51


Information Technology
11.67
15.65


Materials
4.33
4.90


Real Estate
3.29
3.21


Telecom Services
1.93
2.95


Utilities
5.86
3.19







Credit Quality (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
BBB
9.85


BB
37.69


B
42.70


CCC or Lower
6.33


Not Rated
3.42


Total
100.00





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.






Maturity Distribution (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Less Than 1 Year
0.00


1 To 3 Years
4.88


3 To 5 Years
16.05


5 To 10 Years
64.48


10 To 20 Years
1.50


20 To 30 Years
0.52


More Than 30 Years
12.57


Total
100.00







Assets by Country (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
United States
52.86


United Kingdom
9.08


France
5.52


Japan
4.25


Spain
3.67


Canada
3.54


Netherlands
2.59


Germany
1.84


Denmark
1.60


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00





View All








Geographic Mix (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
North America
56.40


Europe
31.80


Asia/Pacific
6.68


Latin America/Caribbean
0.57


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00







Portfolio Holdings6,7,19as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
US Dollars
2.22%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
1.81%


EV Cash Reserves Fund LLC
1.33%


Facebook Inc
0.94%


Deutsche Telekom AG
0.89%


Newell Brands Inc
0.87%


Amazon.com Inc
0.87%


Visa Inc
0.83%


Melrose Industries PLC
0.82%


Apple Inc
0.82%





View All








Basket Details20Jul 27, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees21,22,23Jul 27, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. A delay in transaction settlement may result in a negative cash position.
14. Preferred stocks include both U.S. and foreign securities.
15. The Fund may obtain exposure to certain market segments through investments in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) and futures. For purposes of the asset breakdowns, allocations with respect to the Fund's investments in ETFs and futures are based on the underly ing portfolio composition of each ETF and future as of the calendar quarter end.
16. Percent of equity holdings.
17. Percent of bond holdings.
18. Percent of total net assets.
19. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
20. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
21. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
22. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
23. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Christopher M. Dyer, CFA
Vice President, Director of Global Equity, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Christopher Dyer is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and director of global equity. He is responsible for building and leading a global equity investment team, and managing global and international equity portfolios. He  joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Chris began his career in the financial services industry in 2001. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was managing director and head of European equity for Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), where he was affiliated since 2001.
Chris earned a B.S., cum laude, from Georgetown University and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S. Georgetown University
M.B.A. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Michael A. Allison, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2000


Michael Allison is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, a director of equity strategy implementation and a structured equity portfolio manager on a number of Eaton Vance’s global and domestic equity income and tax-managed equity portfolios.  On those funds, he is responsible for portfolio construction, tax oversight and risk management. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2000.
Mike began his career in the investment management industry in 1988. Before joining Eaton Vance, Mike was an equity analyst for Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. He was also affiliated with Fleet Investment Advisors and Phoenix Home Life  Mutual Fund Insurance Co.
Mike earned a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S.B.A., The University of Denver


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


John H. Croft, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2004


John Croft is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s diversified fixed-income team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the firm’s diversified  fixed-income strategies. He joined Eaton Vance in 2004.
John began his career in the investment management industry in 1986. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a credit analyst with Fidelity Management & Research Co.
John earned a B.A. from Colgate University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.A. Colgate University
M.B.A. Booth School of Business, University of Chicago


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Jeffrey D. Mueller
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Jeffrey Mueller is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and a global portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s high-yield team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the  firm's high-yield strategies. He leads investment management and credit research for all non-U.S. high-yield opportunities. He joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Jeff began his career in the investment management industry in 2004. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a high-yield portfolio manager with Threadneedle Asset Management. He was previously affiliated with Centaurus Capital Ltd. and Amaranth Advisors LLC.
Jeff earned a B.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He was named in Financial News’ high-profile "Rising Stars in Asset Management" list in 2016, which highlights the top 40 investment management professionals in Europe unde r the age of 40.


Education

B.B.A. University of Wisconsin at Madison


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 13, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVGBCGlobal Income Builder NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 26, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016  







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares











































                        Introducing
                    




                            NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.    
                    








■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.













■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.












                                Overview















                                How do the costs of NextShares compare?
                            

















Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 






    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.








    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.







Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 










                                Learn how











                                How can NextShares potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions?












Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.





Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4







Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.



Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4








                                Learn how















                                How do NextSharesinvest?















Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital





    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.







    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.






Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital








                                Learn how











                                How do I buy and sell NextShares?
                            














    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.











Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    










    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.









Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    








                                Learn how














                                What kinds of investors
                                are NextShares designed for?
                            





























NextShares are designed for investors who seek:

■
        Professional, active portfolio management
■
        Long-term investments
■
        The potential for better performance through structurally lower costs
■
        The potential for lower capital gains taxes

NextShares are not suitable for frequent traders.

    Bottom line: NextShares have wide investor appeal.



        Comparing NextShares to mutual funds and ETFs
    


 
            PDF Download
        









                                Learn more







 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 









 













NextShares.com - Resources






































Resources



        Literature and More
      


White papers


            “Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds”
          

Download


 


            “Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Products at Age Seven”
          

Download




Brochure


            NextShares: Unleash the active.
          

Download


Commentary


Choosing the simplicity of NextShares


Download







        Video Library
      



The next evolution of fund investing™



 
NextShares are the first funds to combine the benefits of exchange trading with the potential for market-beating returns using proprietary active management.


What are NextShares?





NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.





Designed for active management





NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.


Are NextShares right for you?




NextShares have wide appeal for long-term investors.





How do I buy and sell NextShares?




 
NextShares are bought and sold on an exchange through a brokerage account, much like exchange-listed stocks and ETFs.






Everything you always wanted to know about NextShares*
*BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK


NextShares are new. And somewhat different. But new and different doesn't have to mean complicated or confusing. These questions and answers are intended to help potential users of NextShares get up to speed on this exciting investment product.

NextShares at a glance
NextShares terms and phrases
Comparing NextShares to ETFs
Comparing NextShares to mutual funds
Comparing NextShares to closed-end funds
Buying and selling NextShares
Creations and redemptions
Investor information
Owning NextShares
Master-feeder structure
Special considerations and risks
Regulation
Tax treatment
Competition
Intellectual property
Transparency
Misperceptions and myths





        Regulatory and Technical Documents
      


NextShares Regulatory Documents

            NextShares-related SEC filings and approvals.
          


Portfolio-Protected Active ETF Regulatory Documents

            SEC filings and related documents.
          


Issued U.S. Patents

            Issued patents underpinning NextShares.
          


NASDAQ Updates and Specifications

            Summaries of changes to trading protocols, feeds and services, with links to detailed specifications.
          






 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Resources
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 








 



Stock NextShares (EVSTC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Stock NextShares  



EVSTC
Symbol



$24.90
$0.04


Net Asset ValueJul 26, 2017



$24.90
$0.04


Closing PriceJul 26, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund leverages the skill, experience and knowledge of Eaton Vance's equity research organization. Charlie Gaffney oversees the investment process – assembling some of the equity analysts best research ideas in one fund.



The Approach
The investment approach is grounded in hands-on fundamental research, which involves finding companies with consistent earnings growth and leading business franchises. We believe these companies may offer more consistency of returns over the long haul. S ector diversification is achieved by allocating assets across sectors represented in the S&P 500 Index.



The Features
Provides investors with a foundation of research-driven investments picked by an experienced research staff. Style-neutral framework including both value and growth investments can help lessen exposure to the value/growth cycle over time. Stock selection  and active industry allocation decisions generally serve as the primary driver of the Fund's comparative performance.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
02/25/2016


Investment Objective
Long-term capital appreciation


Total Net Assets2
$13.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$628.1M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
550000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


CUSIP
27830G608







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Apple Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Alphabet Inc - CL C



Wells Fargo & Co



Chubb Ltd



Facebook Inc



Verizon Communications Inc



Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc



First American Financial Corp



FedEx Corp



Total
24.87







Portfolio Management




 
Charles Gaffney


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


S&P 500 Index1
5.49
-37.00
26.46
15.06
2.11
16.00
32.39
13.69
1.38
11.96





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


Inception
02/25/2016


Distribution Frequency
Annually







Risk Measures (3 Year)8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alpha (%)
-0.73


Beta
0.94


R-Squared (%)
95.18


Standard Deviation (%)
9.92


Sharpe Ratio
0.80







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 25, 2017
$24.86
$0.04


Jul 24, 2017
$24.82
-$0.03


Jul 21, 2017
$24.85
$0.01


Jul 20, 2017
$24.84
-$0.01


Jul 19, 2017
$24.85
$0.17


Jul 18, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 17, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$24.68
$0.11


Jul 13, 2017
$24.57
$0.07


Jul 12, 2017
$24.50
$0.16







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Dec 13, 2016
$0.12820





No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. Alpha measures risk-adjusted performance, showing excess return delivered at the same risk level as the benchmark. Beta measures the volatility of a fund relative to the overall market. R-Squared represents the percentage of the portfolio's movement that  can be explained by the general movement of the market. Standard deviation measures the historic volatility of a fund. Sharpe Ratio uses standard deviation and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 26, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$24.90
+$0.04
+0.16%


Closing NAV
$24.90
+$0.04
+0.16%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV




Low
NAV




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV




Closing
NAV




Trading Volume (Shares)










Trading History11Inception through Jul 26, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 26, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 25, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 24, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 21, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 26, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%






 +0.26% to +0.50%



3%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
98%
98%
100%
97%


-0.26% to -0.50%
2%
2%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
U.S. Common Stocks
95.60


Foreign Common Stocks
4.39


Cash
0.02


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$137.4B


Price/Earnings Ratio
18.09


Number of Holdings
81


Price/Book Ratio
2.84







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
S&P 500 Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
12.41
12.27


Consumer Staples
9.27
9.05


Energy
5.90
6.01


Financials
14.49
14.55


Health Care
14.41
14.51


Industrials
10.14
10.28


Information Technology
22.18
22.26


Materials
2.96
2.85


Real Estate
2.84
2.93


Telecom Services
2.21
2.14


Utilities
3.19
3.16


Cash
0.02
—







Portfolio Holdings6,7,13as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
Apple Inc
4.89%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
3.10%


Johnson & Johnson
2.72%


JPMorgan Chase & Co
2.69%


Facebook Inc
2.36%


Wells Fargo & Co
2.35%


Chubb Ltd
2.30%


Verizon Communications Inc
2.22%


Amazon.com Inc
1.99%


First American Financial Corp
1.99%





View All








Basket Details14Jul 27, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees15,16,17Jul 27, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
14. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
15. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
16. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
17. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Charles Gaffney
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2003


Charles Gaffney is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s global core team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for a number of the firm’s global  core equity strategies. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2003.
Charlie began his career in the investment management industry in 1996. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was affiliated with Brown Brothers Harriman as a sector portfolio manager and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as a senior equity analyst.
Charlie earned a B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1995 and an MBA from Fordham University in 2002.


Education

B.A. Bowdoin College
M.B.A. Graduate School of Business, Fordham University


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: May 10, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVSTCStock NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 26, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Full ProspectusMay 1, 2017SAIMay 1, 2017Summary ProspectusMay 1, 2017NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016

Newsworthy

Eaton Vance to Ring Nasdaq Opening Bell to Mark Launch of First NextShares FundFeb 29, 2016 

 







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Stock NextShares (EVSTC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - News









































News

Articles
|
Events











7/20/2017
Press Release

Featured News









Calvert to Launch Responsibly Managed Ultra-Short Income Strategy in NextShares™ Structure
“We are proud to partner with Calvert as the first company to bring responsible income investing to their clients through NextShares,” said Stephen W. Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions. “We are looking forward to working together to expand their product line-up to include NextShares.”







 



Media Inquiries

Robyn Tice
Vice President
                                        Director of Media Relations
                                        rtice@nextshares.com
617-672-8940














Filter





Date Range:
FROM

TO

Apply dates


Type:


Clear








No results were found. Please try a wider date range, additional sources, or additional formats.
                    





7/20/2017
Press Release




Calvert to Launch Responsibly Managed Ultra-Short Income Strategy in NextShares™ Structure
“We are proud to partner with Calvert as the first company to bring responsible income investing to their clients through NextShares,” said Stephen W. Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions. “We are looking forward to working together to expand their product line-up to include NextShares.”






6/9/2017
Ignites




NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.






2/7/2017
ETF Advisor




Gabelli Funds Launches Food of All Nations NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced that Gabelli Food of All Nations NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on February 14, 2017.






12/15/2016
Business Wire




Causeway Capital Management to Introduce NextShares
“Causeway is a trusted investment manager and we’re proud to begin partnering with them,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions.






11/30/2016
Nationwide




Nationwide Funds to Introduce NextShares
“We're proud to add Nationwide Funds as a NextShares partner,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions. “We're pleased to expand the distribution of NextShares to Nationwide Funds investors.”






11/29/2016
Business Wire




Gabelli Funds Launches Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced today that Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December 1, 2016.






10/31/2016
Business Wire




Interactive Brokers Group Announces the Availability of Eaton Vance NextShares™ with No Transaction Fees
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., announced today the availability of Eaton Vance NextSharesTM exchange-traded managed funds through its investing and trading platforms on a no-transaction fee (NTF) basis.






10/21/2016
Ignites




Ivy First Licensee to Go Live With NextShares
Ivy Investments launched three strategies using the NextShares exchange-traded managed fund structure, becoming the first licensee of the Eaton Vance affiliate to launch any of the products.






10/18/2016
Business Wire




Ivy Launches its First Three NextShares™
Ivy Investment Management Company today introduced its first three Ivy NextShares as part of a planned lineup of NextShares exchange-traded managed funds. Ivy is among the first to offer the new structure.






8/25/2016
Forbes




NextShares Targets Lower Fund Fees
Julie Cooling from RIA Channel, interviews Jonathan Isaac, Managing Director of Product Strategy at NextShares. Cooling and Isaac discuss the launch of one of the most innovative financial platforms of our time.






7/27/2016
STRUCTUREDRETAILPRODUCTS.COM




UBS Beefs up ETF offering in the US via partnership with Eaton Vance subsidiary
The $910 billion Boston-based institutional investment consultant is working with the global asset manager to identify new NextShares™ exchange-traded managed fund (NextShares) sub-advisers.






7/18/2016
Press Release




NEPC Engaged by Eaton Vance for NextShares™ Sub-Adviser Search







7/13/2016
Ignites




UBS First Wirehouse to Ink Eaton Vance NextShares Deal
Eaton Vance signed an agreement with UBS Wealth Management to distribute NextShares through its financial advisor network. The distributor is the first wirehouse to accommodate the new investment wrapper on its platform.






7/13/2016
Press Release




UBS Plans to Offer NextShares Exchange-Traded Managed Funds







5/18/2016
Fund Action




Early Adopters of NextShares Set To Benefit
“There’s an economic advantage in terms of pricing,” Stephen Clarke, president of Eaton Vance subsidiary NextShares Solutions, told FA.






5/13/2016
Ignites




NextShares Inks Second Distribution Deal
Interactive Brokers Group said Thursday that it plans to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to retail investors and financial pros through its platforms, making it the second distributor through which the products can be sold.






4/20/2016
Ignites




Ivy Funds Preps NextShares for Launch
Ivy Funds is lining up to be the first third-party manager to launch NextShares non-transparent exchange-traded products. NextShares is an Eaton Vance subsidiary.






4/20/2016
Press Release




Ivy NextShares to Launch Late Summer 2016
Ivy NextShares, managed by Ivy Investment Management Company, a subsidiary of Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., has filed a registration statement with the Securities & Exchange Commission to register three Ivy NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (NextShares).






3/29/2016
ETF Express




Eaton Vance to launch two additional NextShares funds
Eaton Vance Corp is to launch two additional NextShares exchange-traded managed funds, the Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (:EVGBC) and Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).






3/4/2016
ThinkAdvisor.com




Neither ETF Nor Mutual Fund, Behold the Exchange-Traded Managed Fund
Eaton Vance launched NextShares in late February; other investment advisors have pending deals for their own exchange-traded managed fund.






3/3/2016
Ignites




Eaton Vance CEO: NextShares Launch to Create Domino Effect
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust is counting on the recent launch of NextShares to build momentum for the non-transparent exchange-traded products.






3/1/2016
Press Release




Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC Scheduled to Present at Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference
Eaton Vance Corp. (NYSE: EV) announced that Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC, is scheduled to speak at the Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference on Thursday, March 3, 2016.






2/29/2016
Nasdaq




Eaton Vance Stock NextShares Rings the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell
Eaton Vance, a leading global asset manager whose history dates to 1924, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square in celebration of launching Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (Nasdaq:EVSTC).






2/25/2016
ETF.com




Eaton Vance’s NextShares Finally Debuts
Exchange-traded managed funds—the new structure patented by Eaton Vance that falls somewhere between an ETF and an open-ended mutual fund—are coming to market.






2/25/2016
Ignites




On Verge of NextShares Launch, Eaton Vance Preaches Patience
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust had a single message for NextShares skeptics during Wednesday’s earnings call: Have patience.






1/15/2016
Mutual Fund Wire




Don't Call Them ETMFs
When it comes to the new type of funds that Eaton Vance is creating, call them NextShares or exchange-traded managed funds but don't use the abbreviation.






11/25/2015
Ignites




B-Ds Want NextShares 'Proof'; 2016 Could Deliver It
Eaton Vance’s plans to launch the first swath of NextShares this year may be off the table, but officials are hoping a successful 2016 debut will convince distributors and asset managers to set aside their reservations and make the products a priority.






10/19/2015
Pensions & Investments




Managers finding new ETF niches to stake their claims
Over the past several months, U.S. money managers traditionally associated with active portfolio management for both retail and institutional clients have made their exchange-traded fund aspirations more pronounced.






10/1/2015
ThinkAdvisor




New Providers in U.S. ETF Space Set Record: ETFGI
Asset managers are tripping over themselves to get into the U.S. exchange-traded funds and products space, according to a report released Thursday by ETFGI, a London-based research and consultancy firm.






9/29/2015
Ignites




Columbia Threadneedle Plots Multi-Front ETF Expansion
Columbia Threadneedle plans to build on its small lineup of active ETFs with both index-based strategies and non-transparent exchanged-traded managed funds.






9/28/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Columbia Management Seeks Permission to Launch NextShares, Index ETFs
Columbia Management Investment Advisers LLC, a Boston subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial Inc., is seeking permission from regulators to launch a version of exchange-traded managed funds, a new breed of fund planned by Eaton Vance Corp.






9/9/2015
ETF Express




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
ALPS has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC (Navigate), a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (ETMFs).






9/9/2015
Investment News




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
NextShares, the new fund structure from Eaton Vance Corp. designed to reduce the costs of active management, has won its first broker-dealer partner. Two investing platforms managed by Foliofn Investments Inc. will offer the funds to financial advisers and other investors.






9/9/2015
Ignites




NextShares Touts First B-D Distribution Deal
Eaton Vance has found a broker-dealer to allow its brokerage and RIA custody clients to buy and sell NextShares exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Online Brokerage Folio Investing to Offer NextShares
Online brokerage services Folio Investing and Folio Institutional plan to offer a new type of fund created by a unit of Eaton Vance Corp. that may start trading later this year.






9/8/2015
Press Release




ALPS Announces Initiative to Launch NextShares
ALPS, a DST Company providing products and services to the financial services industry, today announced it has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC, a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
Press Release




Folio Announces Plans to Offer NextShares
Folio Investing and Folio Institutional, leading online brokerage services for individual investors, financial advisors, institutions and their clients, today announced plans to be the first broker-dealer to offer NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds directly to individual investors, advisors and institutions.






8/19/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Envestnet Plans to Offer NextShares
“Envestnet’s decision may make it easier for other companies to step forward to offer the exchange-traded managed funds.” - CEO Tom Faust






8/18/2015
Press Release




Envestnet Announces Initiative to Offer NextShares
Envestnet, Inc. today announced plans to make NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds available to financial advisors through the Envestnet wealth management platform as part of its advisor-as-portfolio-manager tools as well as through Fund Strategist Portfolios (FSPs).






8/3/2015
WealthManagement.com




Ten to Watch 2016: Stephen Clarke
Stephen Clarke is among the 10 influencers and innovators expected to impact the advisory industry in 2016.






6/29/2015
Institutional Investor




Eaton Vance's NextShares: The Best of Two Worlds?
Tom Faust, CEO of Eaton Vance, is credited with launching NextShares, a new exchange-traded product that he hopes will help active money managers stem the tide of money flowing into cheaper index funds.






5/20/2015
Financial Times




NextShares in Financial Times: ETF model puts active managers to the test
The SEC has cleared a new vehicle developed by Eaton Vance. It will carry the brand name NextShares, and might just be the biggest innovation for the investment industry since the ETF 25 years ago.






5/7/2015
Boston Business Journal




Pioneer Investments offers NextShares in Boston Business Journal: Eaton Vance's new product could revolutionize
“Having big ambitions and tremendous respect for the value added of this structure, I would like to have more fund companies signed up.” - CEO Tom Faust






4/14/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Tom Faust on NextShares Developments
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes and delivers active strategies more efficiently.






4/14/2015
Ignites




Eaton Vance Cuts Costs, Preserves Margins With NextShares
“Lower costs relative to active mutual funds is a key selling point to advisors.”






4/1/2015
Ignites




Victory Capital Signs Up for NextShares
Victory Capital Management is the latest firm to sign with Eaton Vance to develop and launch NextShares.






3/10/2015
Traders Magazine




Eaton Vance NextShares Carves Out a New Space
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jason Crosby said, “We are working through the operational requirements to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to our clients when available.”






3/8/2015
Investment News




 Seeing through the ETF argument in favor of transparency
Transparency promotes marketplace competition, supports better investor decision-making and exposes suspect market practices.






3/5/2015
The New York Times




Eaton Vance Charts Exchange-Traded Future
“We are changing the social contract with mutual fund investors. This really can be transformational.” - CEO Tom Faust






2/4/2015
Mutual Fund Wire




Active Fundsters Hear ETFs Calling, Even During the Price War
Active managers American Beacon and Gabelli Funds sign up for NextShares.






1/5/2015
Ignites




Executives Who Got the Job Done in 2014
“When this [idea] came up it was apparent it could be a game-changer. NextShares have the potential to broadly improve the performance and tax efficiency of active fund strategies …” - Navigate CEO Stephen Clarke






12/3/2014
Press Release




Availability of New White Paper Examining Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds and Their Impact on Fund Performance 
NextShares have the ability to sidestep significant fund costs, asset custody charges and the cost of portfolio trades to implement managers’ buy and sell decisions.






11/7/2014
Bloomberg




Eaton Vance Invented a New Flavor of Mutual Fund
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes, and delivers active strategies more efficiently.

























 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - News
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 










 


Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 













Global Equity Income Fund | Janus Henderson Investors

























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsGlobal Equity Income Fund        









(HFQIX)

Global Equity Income Fund
Seeking High Yielding, High Quality Global Equities




Class A
Class C
Class I
Class N
Class S
Class T



NAV
As of 07/26/17
$7.81





Fact Sheet
Portfolio Commentary






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




11/30/06
Inception Date


Performance
(As of 07/26/17)


Morningstar
(As of 06/30/17)







$4.57B
Total Net Assets
(As of 06/30/17)




GROSS
0.91%


NET
0.91%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)




$7.81
NAV


0.77%
1 Day Return


13.76%
YTD Return





Category

Foreign Large Value





ic_star



ic_star



ic_star



ic_star



268 Funds Rated

Overall Rating
(Based on risk-adjusted returns)


View all ratings *


LARGE VALUELARGE BLENDLARGE GROWTHMID VALUEMID BLENDMID GROWTHSMALL VALUESMALL BLENDSMALL GROWTH Equity Style Box *


Important Morningstar Information


		The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The Morningstar Rating does not include any adjustment for sales loads. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. Ratings may vary by share class.	

		Ratings and/or rankings may be based, in part, on the performance of a predecessor fund or share class and are calculated by Morningstar using a methodology that differs from that used by Janus Henderson. Methodology differences may have a material effect on the return and therefore the rating/ranking.	

		When an expense waiver is in effect, it may have a material effect on the total return or yield, and therefore the ranking and/or rating for the period.	

		The Morningstar Equity Style Box™ reveals a fund's investment strategy. For equity funds the vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend or growth).	

		The Morningstar Fixed-Income Style Box™ reveals a fund's investment style as of the date noted. For fixed-income funds, the vertical axis shows the credit quality of the bonds owned and the horizontal axis shows interest rate sensitivity as measured by a bond's effective duration.	

		Morningstar seeks credit rating information from fund companies on a periodic basis (e.g., quarterly). In compiling credit rating information Morningstar accepts credit ratings reported by fund companies that have been issued by all Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs). For a list of all NRSROs, please visit https://www.sec.gov/ocr/ratingagency.html. Additionally, Morningstar accepts foreign credit ratings from widely recognized or registered rating agencies. If two rating organizations/agencies have rated a security, fund companies are to report the lower rating; if three or more organizations/agencies have rated a security, fund companies are to report the median rating, and in cases where there are more than two organization/agency ratings and a median rating does not exist, fund companies are to use the lower of the two middle ratings. PLEASE NOTE: Morningstar, Inc. is not itself a NRSRO nor does it issue a credit rating on the fund. A NRSRO or rating agency ratings can change from time-to-time.	

		For credit quality, Morningstar combines the credit rating information provided by the fund companies with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Bond funds are assigned a style box placement of "low", "medium", or "high" based on their average credit quality. Funds with a low credit quality are those whose weighted-average credit quality is determined to be less than "BBB-"; medium are those less than "AA-", but greater or equal to "BBB-"; and high are those with a weighted-average credit quality of "AA-" or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve.	

		For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on the effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; funds whose average effective duration is between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those that are at 125% or greater of the average effective duration of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive.	

		The Morningstar Analyst Rating is not a credit or risk rating.  It is a subjective evaluation performed by the mutual fund analysts of Morningstar, Inc.  Morningstar evaluates funds based on five key unequally weighted pillars, which are process, performance, people, parent and price.  Morningstar’s analysts use this five pillar evaluation to identify funds they believe are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis.  Analysts consider quantitative and qualitative factors in their research, but the assessment of each pillar and how they are combined is driven by the analyst’s overall assessment and overseen by Morningstar’s Analyst Rating Committee.  The approach serves not as a formula but as a framework to ensure consistency across Morningstar’s global coverage universe.	

		The Analyst Rating scale ranges from Gold to Negative, with Gold being the highest rating and Negative being the lowest rating.  A fund with a “Gold” rating distinguishes itself across the five pillars and has garnered the analysts’ highest level of conviction.  A fund with a ‘Silver’ rating has notable advantages across several, but perhaps not all, of the five pillars-strengths that give the analysts a high level of conviction.  A “Bronze” rated fund has advantages that outweigh the disadvantages across the five pillars, with sufficient level of analyst conviction to warrant a positive rating.  A fund with a “Neutral” rating isn't seriously flawed across the five pillars, nor does it distinguish itself very positively.  A “Negative” rated fund is flawed in at least one, if not more pillars and is considered an inferior offering to its peers.  Analyst Ratings are reevaluated every 14 months. For more detailed information about Morningstar’s Analyst Rating, including its methodology, please go to http://corporate.morningstar.com/us/documents/MethodologyDocuments/AnalystRatingforFundsMethodology.pdf.	

		The Morningstar Analyst Rating should not be used as the sole basis in evaluating a mutual fund.  Morningstar Analyst Ratings are based on Morningstar’s current expectations about future events; therefore, in no way does Morningstar represent ratings as a guarantee nor should they be viewed by an investor as such.  Morningstar Analyst Ratings involve unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause Morningstar’s expectations not to occur or to differ significantly from what we expected.	

		© 2017 Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.	









							Overview						


Client Commitment
A long-only portfolio that seeks a high level of current income and steady capital appreciation. The Fund seeks global, high-quality, income-producing equities with a focus on international companies.
Why Invest in the Fund

Income, Regardless of Environment
With our global approach, we seek to take advantage of various market environments to find the best income-producing equities. We tend to focus on international equities where the income-generating potential may be greater.
Regional Rotation Strategy
We use a specialized rotation strategy intended to capitalize on the global seasonality of dividends.
Differentiated Income Option
The Fund may be an attractive alternative to preferred stock and fixed income. The Fund holds 100% equities with no leverage and a quarterly dividend distribution schedule.





Portfolio Management








Alex Crooke
Head of Global Equity Income & Specialist Equities | Portfolio Manager









Ben Lofthouse, CFA
Director, Global Equity Income | Portfolio Manager











Job Curtis
Director, Global Equity Income | Portfolio Manager










						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Nov 30, 2006
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													Global Equity Income Fund – I Shares												

													5.25%												

													10.26%												

													14.56%												

													2.75%												

													8.72%												

													3.24%												

													4.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													4.81%												



													MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index												

													3.20%												

													9.30%												

													11.78%												

													3.13%												

													9.43%												

													2.83%												

													3.82%												








Inception: Nov 30, 2006
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													Global Equity Income Fund – I Shares												

													5.25%												

													10.26%												

													14.56%												

													2.75%												

													8.72%												

													3.24%												

													4.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													4.81%												



													MSCI World High Dividend Yield Index												

													3.20%												

													9.30%												

													11.78%												

													3.13%												

													9.43%												

													2.83%												

													3.82%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
View Fees and Expenses
									Performance for Class I Shares that includes periods prior to 6/5/17 reflects the performance of one or more share classes of a predecessor fund, adjusted, where applicable and permitted, for differing fees and expenses. See the Fund's prospectus for further details.






MORNINGSTAR PERCENTILE

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END






1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR
SINCE INCEPTION





													Percentile Ranking (%)												

													82												

													9												

													26												

													1												

													1												



													Foreign Large Value CategoryRank/Count												

													286/346												

													28/305												

													72/277												

													2/194												

													2/188												









1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR
SINCE INCEPTION





													Percentile Ranking (%)												

													82												

													9												

													26												

													1												

													1												



													Foreign Large Value CategoryRank/Count												

													286/346												

													28/305												

													72/277												

													2/194												

													2/188												










Calendar Year Performance






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.




RETURNS-BASED STATISTICS
(As of 06/30/17 CLASS I SHARES)









												RISK / REWARD 
 VS. MSCI WORLD INDEX℠											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Information Ratio
-0.57
-0.68


Alpha
-1.54
-1.10


Tracking Error
4.37
3.95


Beta
0.83
0.88


R-Squared (%)
83.07
84.15












												UP AND DOWN MARKET CAPTURE (%) 
 VS. MSCI WORLD INDEX℠											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Up Capture Ratio
80.79
83.00


Down Capture Ratio
95.24
93.13












												STANDARD DEVIATION											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Global Equity Income Fund
9.68
9.45


MSCI World Index℠
10.62
9.88












												SHARPE RATIO											



													3 YEAR												



													5 YEAR												





Global Equity Income Fund
0.26
0.91


MSCI World Index℠
0.47
1.14
















ANNUAL FEES & EXPENSES
ESTIMATED


CLASS I SHARES






																							Management Fees																					

																							0.68%																					



																							12b-1 Fees																					

																							-																					



																							Other Expenses																					

																							0.23%																					



																							Total Gross Expenses																					

																							0.91%																					



																							Waivers																					

																							0.00%																					



																							Total Net Expenses																					

																							0.91%																					






									Net expense ratios reflect the expense waiver, if any, contractually agreed to through 2/1/19.










							Characteristics						

Index represents the MSCI World Index℠.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 06/30/2017)


% of Fund






																							Royal Dutch Shell PLC																					

																							2.89																					



																							BP PLC																					

																							2.58																					



																							ING Groep NV																					

																							2.56																					



																							Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd (ADR)																					

																							2.48																					



																							Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc																					

																							2.19																					



																							Standard Life PLC																					

																							2.11																					



																							Enel SpA																					

																							2.03																					



																							SSE PLC																					

																							2.01																					



																							British American Tobacco PLC																					

																							1.99																					



																							BNP Paribas SA																					

																							1.94																					



																							TOTAL																					

																							22.78																					







								View Full Holdings							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 06/30/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





79






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$65.09B






Market Capitalization
Median





$45.89B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





125.95%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





14.50






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.02






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





1.50%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND


% OF INDEX






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							80.53																					

																							40.71																					



																							Non-U.S. Emerging																					

																							7.95																					

																							0.03																					



																							U.S.																					

																							6.96																					

																							59.26																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							4.56																					

																							-																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND


% OF INDEX






																							Europe																					

																							66.03																					

																							23.75																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							15.08																					

																							4.47																					



																							North America																					

																							8.65																					

																							62.78																					



																							Japan																					

																							5.26																					

																							8.71																					



																							Africa/Mideast																					

																							0.42																					

																							0.26																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							4.56																					

																							-																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 06/30/17)


% OF FUND


% OF INDEX






																							Financials																					

																							24.68																					

																							18.01																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							11.07																					

																							12.32																					



																							Utilities																					

																							10.84																					

																							3.19																					



																							Energy																					

																							8.68																					

																							6.04																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							8.60																					

																							2.95																					



																							Real Estate																					

																							7.53																					

																							3.21																					



																							Information Technology																					

																							5.43																					

																							15.65																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							5.28																					

																							9.67																					



																							Industrials																					

																							5.14																					

																							11.51																					



																							Health Care																					

																							4.61																					

																							12.55																					



																							Materials																					

																							3.58																					

																							4.90																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							4.56																					

																							-																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 06/30/2017)


% OF FUND


% OF INDEX






																							Over $100B																					

																							21.97																					

																							32.41																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							19.52																					

																							20.03																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							34.48																					

																							37.82																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							15.76																					

																							7.92																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							2.84																					

																							1.62																					



																							$250M to $500M																					

																							0.34																					

																							-																					



																							N/A																					

																							0.53																					

																							0.20																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Fact Sheet
Portfolio Commentary
Full Holdings
Annual Report
Semi-annual Report
Distributions & Tax Information
Summary Prospectus
Prospectus
Sai































	Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Overview | Mutual Funds | Nuveen












































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Mutual Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



MF



			Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund




XClose








Effective at close of business March 24, 2017, the assets of the Tradewinds Global All Cap Fund and the Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund were merged into the NWQ Global Equity Income Fund.





Select Share Class:  A | NQGAX    C | NQGCX    I | NQGIX    R3 | NQGRX







Overview
Performance
Pricing & Distributions
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature



















Fund Family

Nuveen
The Nuveen Family of Funds delivers excellence across every major asset class through focused teams of independent investment affiliates backed by Nuveen’s financial strength, infrastructure and resources.









Fund Description

	An opportunistic, income focused strategy that, through a bottom-up research process, seeks to provide growth and income by investing in undervalued U.S. and non-U.S. companies that produce income and have an identifiable catalyst for improving financials.










					Who Should Invest
				
Investors Seeking:


Current income created by dividend paying stocks
To benefit from a research intensive, bottom-up stock selection process that seeks to identify undervalued companies across global markets
Exposure to both U.S. and non-U.S. securities









Fund Basics -
	A Shares  | NQGAX



Fund SymbolNQGAX

Fund Cusip67064Y321

Inception Date9/15/2009


			Latest NAV as of
			7/26/2017$28.01




Fund Basics -
	C Shares  | NQGCX



Fund SymbolNQGCX

Fund Cusip67064Y313

Inception Date9/15/2009


			Latest NAV as of
			7/26/2017$27.94




Fund Basics -
	I Shares  | NQGIX



Fund SymbolNQGIX

Fund Cusip67064Y297

Inception Date9/15/2009


			Latest NAV as of
			7/26/2017$28.03




Fund Basics -
	R3 Shares  | NQGRX



Fund SymbolNQGRX

Fund Cusip67064Y289

Inception Date9/15/2009


			Latest NAV as of
			7/26/2017$27.96










Morningstar Ratings -
				A Shares  | NQGAX
			

				As of date: 6/30/2017
				Category: World Large Stock
			




 Number of FundsRatings

Overall714





3 year714





5 year590








Morningstar ratings may vary among share classes and are based on historical risk-adjusted total returns, which are not indicative of future results. The fund may have experienced negative returns over the time periods rated.
View 4-and 5-Star Funds








Morningstar Ratings -
				C Shares  | NQGCX
			

				As of date: 6/30/2017
				Category: World Large Stock
			




 Number of FundsRatings

Overall714





3 year714





5 year590








Morningstar ratings may vary among share classes and are based on historical risk-adjusted total returns, which are not indicative of future results. The fund may have experienced negative returns over the time periods rated.
View 4-and 5-Star Funds








Morningstar Ratings -
				I Shares  | NQGIX
			

				As of date: 6/30/2017
				Category: World Large Stock
			




 Number of FundsRatings

Overall714





3 year714





5 year590








Morningstar ratings may vary among share classes and are based on historical risk-adjusted total returns, which are not indicative of future results. The fund may have experienced negative returns over the time periods rated.
View 4-and 5-Star Funds








Morningstar Ratings -
				R3 Shares  | NQGRX
			

				As of date: 6/30/2017
				Category: World Large Stock
			




 Number of FundsRatings

Overall714





3 year714





5 year590








Morningstar ratings may vary among share classes and are based on historical risk-adjusted total returns, which are not indicative of future results. The fund may have experienced negative returns over the time periods rated.
View 4-and 5-Star Funds










Portfolio Managers
			
			
			
			
		







James Stephenson, CFA 
26 years investment experience
Managed fund since 2012
More










Thomas J. Ray, CFA 
26 years investment experience
Managed fund since 2016
More











Average Annual Total Returns -
				A Shares  | NQGAX
			

				as of date: 6/30/2017
			



 With Sales ChargeWithout Sales Charge


YTD

- 07/26/2017
6.49%12.99%


1 Month


-4.13%1.72%


3 Month


-1.37%4.65%


6 Month


3.94%10.28%


1 Year


9.09%15.75%


3 Year


1.67%3.69%


5 Year


9.29%10.59%


Since Inception


8.54%9.37%









Average Annual Total Returns -
				C Shares  | NQGCX
			

				as of date: 6/30/2017
			



 With Sales ChargeWithout Sales Charge


YTD

- 07/26/2017
11.55%12.55%


1 Month


0.65%1.65%


3 Month


3.46%4.46%


6 Month


8.89%9.89%


1 Year


14.87%14.87%


3 Year


2.92%2.92%


5 Year


9.77%9.77%


Since Inception


8.55%8.55%









Average Annual Total Returns -
				I Shares  | NQGIX
			

				as of date: 6/30/2017
			



 With Sales ChargeWithout Sales Charge


YTD

- 07/26/2017
N/A13.16%


1 Month


N/A1.75%


3 Month


N/A4.71%


6 Month


N/A10.42%


1 Year


N/A16.03%


3 Year


N/A3.95%


5 Year


N/A10.86%


Since Inception


N/A9.64%









Average Annual Total Returns -
				R3 Shares  | NQGRX
			

				as of date: 6/30/2017
			



 With Sales ChargeWithout Sales Charge


YTD

- 07/26/2017
N/A12.87%


1 Month


N/A1.70%


3 Month


N/A4.63%


6 Month


N/A10.20%


1 Year


N/A15.48%


3 Year


N/A3.44%


5 Year


N/A10.32%


Since Inception


N/A9.10%











Expense Ratios -
		A Shares  | NQGAX
	
Updated annually
Net Expense Ratio1.11%Gross Expense Ratio3.73%


Expense Ratios -
		C Shares  | NQGCX
	
Updated annually
Net Expense Ratio1.86%Gross Expense Ratio4.69%


Expense Ratios -
		I Shares  | NQGIX
	
Updated annually
Net Expense Ratio0.86%Gross Expense Ratio1.29%


Expense Ratios -
		R3 Shares  | NQGRX
	
Updated annually
Net Expense Ratio1.36%Gross Expense Ratio4.18%








Product Downloads






Fact Sheet


Subscribe







Quarterly Commentary









Distribution Schedule









Prospectuses & Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Statutory Prospectus


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Statement of Additional Info


Subscribe







Semi-Annual Report


Subscribe







Summary Prospectus


Subscribe






XBRL











			Featured Literature







							Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Presentation
						







View more literature for this fund.






Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information






							A Word On Risk

							
	Mutual fund investing involves risk; principal loss is possible. There is no guarantee the Fund’s investment objectives will be achieved. Prices of equity securities may decline significantly over short or extended periods of time. Non-U.S. investments involve risks such as currency fluctuation, political and economic instability, lack of liquidity and differing legal and accounting standards. These risks are magnified in emerging markets.  These and other risk considerations, such as credit, derivatives, high yield securities, and interest rate risks, are described in detail in the Fund’s prospectus.
	

						








 *Effective February 1, 2016, Thomas J. Ray, was added as portfolio manager to the Fund. Returns quoted represent past performance which is no guarantee of future performance.  Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate so that when shares are redeemed, they may be worth more or less than their original cost. Due to market conditions, current performance may be higher or lower than the data shown. Returns without sales charge do not reflect the imposition of the maximum sales charge, which would reduce returns. Total returns for a period of less than one year are cumulative. Performance assumes the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Class A shares have a 5.75% maximum sales charge. Class C shares have a 1% CDSC for redemptions within less than one year, which is not reflected in the one-year total return. Class I shares have no sales charge and may be purchased under limited circumstances or by specified classes of investors. Class R3 shares have no sales charge and are available only to certain retirement plan clients.Expense ratios are based on the Fund's most recent fiscal year end. Management fees, other expense and fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements have been restated to reflect current contractual fees. The net expense ratio reflects a contractual commitment by the Fund’s investment adviser to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses through October 31, 2018. Absent the waiver and/or reimbursement, expenses would be higher and total returns would be less.


 






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSURED 
				MAY LOSE VALUE
				NO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Funds distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC., a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. 333 W. Wacker Dr., Chicago, IL 60606. TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc., and Nuveen Securities, LLC, Members FINRA and SIPC, distribute securities products. Nuveen operates as an independent subsidiary of TIAA-CREF.
					Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.







23970-INV-O-03/18














Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



































	Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund  | Mutual Funds | Nuveen












































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Mutual Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



MF



			Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund




XClose








Effective at close of business March 24, 2017, the assets of the Tradewinds Global All Cap Fund and the Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund were merged into the NWQ Global Equity Income Fund.






Overview
Performance
Pricing & Distributions
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature
















Back




XBRL files are currently unavailable for this fund

































Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSURED 
				MAY LOSE VALUE
				NO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Funds distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC., a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. 333 W. Wacker Dr., Chicago, IL 60606. TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc., and Nuveen Securities, LLC, Members FINRA and SIPC, distribute securities products. Nuveen operates as an independent subsidiary of TIAA-CREF.
					Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.







5682-INV-Y01/16














Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































 








NQGAX View All - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A | Fidelity Investments
























Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A


Symbol: NQGAX



									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1















InformationThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through FidelityThis fund is now available NTF (No Transaction Fee) and offered load-waived through Fidelity





































Summary







 


Overall Rating

3 out of 5 Stars

Morningstar has awarded this fund 3 stars based on its risk-adjusted performance compared to the 714 funds within its Morningstar Category.



How is it determined?


The Overall Morningstar RatingTM for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics, which are based on risk-adjusted returns, as of the date stated.





3 Yrs





                         Out of
714
 funds
                     	




5 Yrs





                         Out of
590
 funds
                       




What does it mean?


A fund's Morningstar Rating is a quantitative assessment of a fund's past performance that accounts for both risk and return, with funds earning between 1 and 5 stars. As always, this rating system is designed to be used as a first step in the fund evaluation process. A high rating alone is not sufficient basis upon which to make an investment decision.











 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund scores Average because it delivered returns that were in the middle 35% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Expenses


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund's expenses are rated as Average because they fall between the 40th and 60th percentiles when compared with other funds in the category.





How is it calculated?


This Morningstar data point compares the fund's net expense ratio to the net expense ratio of all the other funds within its Morningstar Category grouping.





What does it mean?


Excessive expenses can detract from overall returns and can be a drain on performance. While you should not base any investment decision entirely on expenses or expense ratios, a fund's expense structure may be one factor to consider.











 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           		
           		
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: World Large Stock




Overall Rating



Returns


LOWAVGHIGH




Expenses


LOWAVGHIGH




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Performance 2





	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

	                  
	                  	
	                  		                	
		                	
								
								Life
						    					   
					    
					   
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+12.99%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+15.75%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+3.69%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+10.59%
				  	

Life of Fund
				  		+9.37%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/26/2017; Value is cumulative
  		







Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: World Large Stock








Shows growth of hypothetical $10,000 investment in Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A compared to MSCI World (N),World Large Stock over the selected time period



YTD

1Y
3Y
5Y
10Y








Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A







MSCI World (N)






World Large Stock






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.








Fund Manager(s)







James T. Stephenson since 3/31/2012


Thomas J. Ray since 2/1/2016










 

Manager: James T. Stephenson

Manager Tenure: since 3/31/2012



Funds Currently Managed



Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class A (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class R3 (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global All-Cap Fund Class A (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class C (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class C (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class R3 (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income R3 (since 3/31/2012)


Nuveen NWQ Global All-Cap Fund Class C (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class C (since 3/31/2012)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class I (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class A (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A (since 3/31/2012)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class I (since 3/31/2012)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class I (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global All-Cap Fund Class I (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income T (since 3/31/2012)



Funds Previously Managed



Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware I


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income R6


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware A


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income C


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income A


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income I


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware C


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware R6











 

Manager: Thomas J. Ray

Manager Tenure: since 2/1/2016



Funds Currently Managed



Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class A (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class R3 (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Flexible Income Fund Class A (since 1/6/2015)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income T (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware C (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Flexible Income Fund Class C (since 1/6/2015)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class C (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class C (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income R6 (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware R6 (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class R3 (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware A (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Flexible Income R6 (since 1/6/2015)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class I (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Global All-Cap Fund Class A (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Flexible Income Fund Class I (since 1/6/2015)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class C (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class I (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income R3 (since 2/1/2016)


Nuveen NWQ Flexible Income T (since 1/6/2015)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income Tax-Aware I (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen Tradewinds Value Opportunities Fund Class I (since 8/1/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income A (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income C (since 9/26/2016)


Nuveen Multi-Asset Income I (since 9/26/2016)



Education



MS, University of Wisconsin, Madison


BBA, University of Wisconsin, Madison





















Fund Overview




Objective



The investment seeks to provide high current income and long-term capital appreciation.




Strategy



The fund will generally focus its investments on income producing securities. Normally, it will invest at least 80% of the sum of its net assets and the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes in equity securities, including common stock and preferred securities, certain debt securities convertible into common stock or preferred securities, and other securities with equity characteristics. Up to 20% of the fund's net assets may be invested in debt securities, including corporate debt securities and U.S. government and agency debt securities.


Risk



Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which may be magnified in emerging markets. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.









Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		World Large Stock
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		9/15/2009
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/26/2017













	
		
			
				$28.01			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
3/31/2017













	
	
		3.73%
	



		
			($37.30 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)
3/31/2017













	
	
		1.11%
	



		
			($11.10 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Load




Load waived at Fidelity











	
	
		5.75%
	



		
		



		
				
					Minimum to Invest 5














	
		
			
			
				$3,000.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Turnover Rate
6/30/2016













	
	
		51%
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$325.31
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$151.57
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$24.04			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$27.80			
			
			
						
	
	















Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6



		1.99%
		
		

6/30/2017






















Top 10 Holdings 7





            AS OF 6/30/2017
       










Top 10 Holdings












Oracle Corp


						
						
							4.24%
						
						
					    	
						



GlaxoSmithKline PLC


						
						
							3.60%
						
						
					    	
						



Dow Chemical Co


						
						
							3.49%
						
						
					    	
						



Veolia Environnement SA


						
						
							3.21%
						
						
					    	
						



Citigroup Inc


						
						
							3.17%
						
						
					    	
						



Allied Irish Banks PLC


						
						
							3.12%
						
						
					    	
						



Imperial Brands PLC


						
						
							2.85%
						
						
					    	
						



Deutsche Post AG


						
						
							2.77%
						
						
					    	
						



Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp


						
						
							2.70%
						
						
					    	
						



Enterprise Products Partners LP


						
						
							2.41%
						
						
					    	
						




							
								
								
									% of Total Portfolio
								
							
            			
            				


            				31.55%




holdings 64 as of 6/30/2017











Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 9/15/2009
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             3.73% AS OF 3/31/2017
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A

						
							15.75%
							
						
					

						
							3.69%
							
						
					

						
							10.59%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							9.37%
							
						
					



						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							9.09%
							
						
					

						
							1.67%
							
						
					

						
							9.29%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							8.54%
							
						
					





MSCI World (N)



						
							
							18.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							5.24%
							
						
					

						
							
							11.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							3.97%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.37%
							
						
					




World Large Stock

						
							18.02%
							
						
					

						
							4.53%
							
						
					

						
							10.57%
							
						
					

						
							3.77%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							7.60%
							
						
					

						
							0.30%
							
						
					

						
							7.89%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							6.89%
							
						
					


World Large Stock

						
							15.80%
							
						
					

						
							2.99%
							
						
					

						
							9.21%
							
						
					

						
							2.81%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							5.26%
							
						
					

						
							0.90%
							
						
					

						
							6.85%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							6.20%
							
						
					


World Large Stock

						
							9.72%
							
						
					

						
							2.91%
							
						
					

						
							7.88%
							
						
					

						
							2.65%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.






Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 8, 3, 2






			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 9/15/2009
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A

								
									15.75%
									
								
							

								
									3.69%
									
								
							

								
									10.59%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							

								
									9.37%
									
								
							





									Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
									
										
										(Load Adjusted)
									
								

									
										9.09%
										
									
								

									
										1.67%
										
									
								

									
										9.29%
										
									
								

									
										
										--
									
								

									
										8.54%
										
									
								




 



MSCI World (N)



								
									18.20%
									
								
							

								
									5.24%
									
								
							

								
									11.38%
									
								
							

								
									3.97%
									
								
							

								
									9.37%
									
								
							



World Large Stock

								
									18.02%
									
								
							

								
									4.53%
									
								
							

								
									10.57%
									
								
							

								
									3.77%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							





Rank in Morningstar Category

								
									68%
									
								
							

								
									66%
									
								
							

								
									51%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							
--



# of Funds in Morningstar Category

								
									864
									
								
							

								
									714
									
								
							

								
									590
									
								
							

								
									329
									
								
							
--






Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.









Yield
















6/30/2017



Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6






1.99%















Hypothetical Growth of $10,000 3, 4






				AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: World Large Stock









Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A






MSCI World (N)





World Large Stock























2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017


This Fund
--
--
--
14.99%
-3.87%
11.32%
34.33%
1.76%
0.53%
2.80%
10.28%


Benchmark
9.04%
-40.71%
29.99%
11.76%
-5.54%
15.83%
26.68%
4.94%
-0.87%
7.51%
10.66%


Category
11.28%
-41.91%
35.27%
13.74%
-7.93%
15.84%
25.19%
2.79%
-1.69%
5.54%
12.88%


+/- Benchmark
--
--
--
3.23%
1.67%
-4.51%
7.65%
-3.18%
1.40%
-4.71%
-0.38%


+/- Category
--
--
--
1.25%
4.06%
-4.52%
9.14%
-1.03%
2.22%
-2.74%
-2.60%






Compare Chart��|�� Fund Facts Search

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.






Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 3, 2






             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 9/15/2009
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             3.73% AS OF 3/31/2017
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A

						
							15.75%
							
						
					

						
							3.69%
							
						
					

						
							10.59%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							9.37%
							
						
					



						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							9.09%
							
						
					

						
							1.67%
							
						
					

						
							9.29%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							8.54%
							
						
					





MSCI World (N)



						
							
							18.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							5.24%
							
						
					

						
							
							11.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							3.97%
							
						
					

						
							
							9.37%
							
						
					




World Large Stock

						
							18.02%
							
						
					

						
							4.53%
							
						
					

						
							10.57%
							
						
					

						
							3.77%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions




						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							7.60%
							
						
					

						
							0.30%
							
						
					

						
							7.89%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							6.89%
							
						
					


World Large Stock

						
							15.80%
							
						
					

						
							2.99%
							
						
					

						
							9.21%
							
						
					

						
							2.81%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares




						Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
						
							
							(Load Adjusted)
						
					

						
							5.26%
							
						
					

						
							0.90%
							
						
					

						
							6.85%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					

						
							6.20%
							
						
					


World Large Stock

						
							9.72%
							
						
					

						
							2.91%
							
						
					

						
							7.88%
							
						
					

						
							2.65%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					







Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.





Cumulative Total Returns 2






					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A

											
												12.99%
											
											
										

											
												10.28%
											
											
										

											
												1.72%
											
											
										

											
												4.65%
											
											
										

											
												10.28%
											
											
										



										Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund Class A 
										
											
											(Load Adjusted)
										
									
--

											
												3.94%
											
											
										

											
												-4.13%
											
											
										

											
												-1.37%
											
											
										

											
												3.94%
											
											
										





MSCI World (N)



											
											
													--
												
										

											
												10.66%
											
											
										

											
												0.38%
											
											
										

											
												4.03%
											
											
										

											
												10.66%
											
											
										


World Large Stock

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												12.88%
											
											
										

											
												0.41%
											
											
										

											
												5.10%
											
											
										

											
												12.88%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/26/2017
	  				


Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.







 


Risk


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Below Average

This fund scores Below Average because Morningstar has rated its risk between the 20th and 40th percentiles when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.




How is it calculated?


Risk is calculated using the Sharpe ratio, which compares portfolio returns to a rate comparable to U.S. Treasury bonds, relative to the fund's overall volatility. For this measure, Morningstar has compared the Sharpe ratio of this fund against all other funds that invest in it's Morningstar Category.




What does it mean?


A higher Sharpe implies better risk-adjusted returns. Therefore, if a fund has a Sharpe ratio higher than its category average, it's returns relative to it's risk were better than other similar funds. If its Sharpe ratio is lower, that's usually a sign that the risk-adjusted returns were lower than other similar funds.










 


Returns


LOW
AVG
HIGH


Average


This fund scores Average because it delivered returns that were in the middle 35% when compared to other funds within its Morningstar category.





How is it calculated?



This rating is based on a fund's Morningstar Return (its annualized return in excess to the return of the 90-day U.S. Treasury bill over a three-, five-, or ten-year period). The Morningstar Returns in each category are then scored against each other on a bell curve. In each Morningstar Category:� top 10% - High� next 22.5% - Above Average� middle 35% - Average� next 22.5% - Below Average� bottom 10% - Low




What does it mean?



While past performance is no guarantee of future results, the Morningstar Return shows how the fund has done in the past in comparison to similar funds in its peer group. It does not, however, show the effects of risk.Therefore, the Morningstar Return is most helpful when used in conjunction with the Morningstar Risk Score. For example, an investor could use these two scores when comparing between funds that have the same Morningstar Star Rating and similar Morningstar Risk Adjusted Returns but different levels of risk.










 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








Fund Risk and Return




					
			          	
			          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: World Large Stock









 Return of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







 Risk of this Fund within Morningstar Category



LOW
AVG
HIGH







Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER













Risk



Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which may be magnified in emerging markets. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, economic or other developments. Additional risk information for this product may be found in the prospectus or other product materials, if available.






Volatility Measures












Glossary definition opens in new window.Beta

0.94



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.R2

0.94



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Sharpe Ratio

0.34



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						








Glossary definition opens in new window.Standard Deviation

10.26



							AS OF 6/30/2017
						











Historical Fund Performance 2





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											10.28%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.7354																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$151.57
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											2.80%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.0012		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.551																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$87.36
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											0.53%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.2294		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.543																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.28
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											1.76%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$1.3011		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.6639																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.38
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											34.33%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.6076		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.3711																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2012

									
										
											11.32%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2011

									
										
											-3.87%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								




2010

									
										
											14.99%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								











Ratings




Morningstar Ratings





				AS OF 6/30/2017;
				
				Morningstar Category: World Large Stock











Overall



				Out of
				
714
funds







3 Yrs


Out of
714
funds







5 Yrs



				Out of
590
funds









The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. (Exchange-traded funds and open-end mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes.) It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of  funds in each fund category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: Global











1 Yr



#686
out of
1,004
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#341
out of
661
funds
                
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition





Major Market Sectors 7





		AS OF 6/30/2017

















Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										World Large Stock								
										



Financial Services

										36.02%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			17.82%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Industrials

										12.89%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.41%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Technology

										11.12%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			18.10%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Healthcare

										10.02%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			12.61%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Cyclical

										6.42%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			13.60%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Basic Materials

										5.90%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			4.22%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Consumer Defensive

										5.20%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			10.83%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Energy

										5.18%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			4.31%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Communication Services

										4.45%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			4.00%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Real Estate

										2.80%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			1.86%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										




Utilities

										0.00%
										
									

											
	                            	  	  			2.24%
	                            	  	  		
											
											
										
















Asset Allocation 7





		
					AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: World Large Stock




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										-0.21%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										2.15%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										1.20%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										0.81%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.29%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										1.96%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.02%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.76%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										50.48%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										45.04%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										1.98%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.19%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										43.02%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										52.30%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 7





       		AS OF 6/30/2017
   			

















Oracle Corp


								
								
									4.24%
								
								
							    	
								



GlaxoSmithKline PLC


								
								
									3.60%
								
								
							    	
								



Dow Chemical Co


								
								
									3.49%
								
								
							    	
								



Veolia Environnement SA


								
								
									3.21%
								
								
							    	
								



Citigroup Inc


								
								
									3.17%
								
								
							    	
								



Allied Irish Banks PLC


								
								
									3.12%
								
								
							    	
								



Imperial Brands PLC


								
								
									2.85%
								
								
							    	
								



Deutsche Post AG


								
								
									2.77%
								
								
							    	
								



Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp


								
								
									2.70%
								
								
							    	
								



Enterprise Products Partners LP


								
								
									2.41%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

31.55%




holdings 64 as of 6/30/2017











Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 6



		1.99%
		
		

6/30/2017

















Equity StyleMap®* 9




AS OF 6/30/2017










        			Capitalization
        		







LG





MD





SM






Value
Blend
Growth







				Style
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Large Value
Invest in companies with market values greater than $10 billion that fund managers believe have been undervalued by the market. Value can be determined by a variety of measures, including price-to-earnings ratio, price-to-book ratio, or dividend yield.




*91.56% 
     
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Regional Diversification 10, 7




AS OF 6/30/2017





Africa

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Developed

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Asia - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Australasia

				
					
						1.58%
					
					
				
			



Canada

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



Europe - Emerging

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United States

				
					
						46.01%
					
					
				
			



Eurozone

				
					
						29.38%
					
					
				
			



Japan

				
					
						6.50%
					
					
				
			



Latin America

				
					
						1.43%
					
					
				
			



Middle East

				
					
						0.00%
					
					
				
			



United Kingdom

				
					
						9.27%
					
					
				
			



Europe - ex Euro

				
					
						5.82%
					
					
				
			









Country Diversification 7




AS OF 6/30/2017





Belgium

			2.02%



France

			4.63%



Germany

			11.86%



Ireland

			4.88%



United States

			46.10%



Netherlands

			5.50%



Norway

			2.13%



Switzerland

			3.61%



United Kingdom

			9.12%



Japan

			6.40%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

June








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
9/15/2009








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$325.31
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$151.57
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
NQGAX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports










	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

3.73%
			
($37.30 per $1000)


			3/31/2017
			










Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Net)

1.11%
			
($11.10 per $1000)



			3/31/2017	
			








Glossary definition opens in new window.Contractual Exp Waiver (Dated) 11



		2.62%
		
			($26.20 per $1000)


3/31/2017
















Glossary definition opens in new window.Distribution and/or service fee(12b-1) Fees

0.25%













































Loads






				
					
					
						Front End Load
					
							
				
				
					5.75%	
				







								
									
									Front-End Load Schedule
								
							




		
								$0.00 - $49,999.00
							
5.75%



		
								$50,000.00 - $99,999.00
							
4.50%



		
								$100,000.00 - $249,999.00
							
3.75%



		
								$250,000.00 - $499,999.00
							
2.75%



		
								$500,000.00 - $999,999.00
							
2.00%



		
								$1,000,000.00 - $2,499,999.00
							
0.00%



		
								$2,500,000.00 - $4,999,999.00
							
0.00%



		
								$5,000,000.00 - $999,999,999.99
							
0.00%





							
								
								Rights of Accumulation Rules
							
						






				
							
							
								Roll-up Level
							
							
				
Family







Glossary definition opens in new window.Valuation Method

Market Value









				
							
							
								Householding Level
							
							
				
Household







Glossary definition opens in new window.Price Valuation Method

NAV








Please note: This fund is offered load-waived through Fidelity's NTF program.

See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.






Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$3,000.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$250.00
				







				
					
					
						Initial IRA Investment
					
									
			

				$2,500.00
				






			
				
				Additional IRA Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		




			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 5

		
			$500.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$250.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




6/30/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.3183
									
									
								
								

									
										$27.34
									
									
								


3/22/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.4171
									
									
								
								

									
										$26.11
									
									
								


12/29/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.0713
									
									
								
								

									
										$25.47
									
									
								


9/30/16

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.1291
									
									
								
								

									
										$25.47
									
									
								












 Capital Gains History 









Date
								
							
							


Per Share Amount
										
									
								
								


Reinvestment Price
										
									
								
								




12/15/16

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.0012
								
								
							
							

								
									$25.44
								
								
							


12/15/15

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.2294
								
								
							
							

								
									$25.19
								
								
							


12/15/14

								
								
							

							
								
									$1.3011
								
								
							
							

								
									$25.19
								
								
							


12/13/13

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.6076
								
								
							
							

								
									$26.33
								
								
							










Pricing




AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$28.01			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/26/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$24.04			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$27.80			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$27.34			
			
			
						
	
	



				






Chart Fund Price (NAV)






Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.34			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.25			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.80			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.19			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.84			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$27.31			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.84			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.95			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.95			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.43			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.11			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.85			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.36			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.95			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.55			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.01			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.69			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.25			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.48			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.68			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.68			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.85			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.35			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.97			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.98			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.81			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.41			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.47			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.14			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$26.02			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.60			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.23			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.93			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.46			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.04			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.46			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$24.47			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$23.48			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$25.83			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	













Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated.  Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower.
3. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
4. This chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made in this investment product (and a benchmark or category average, if shown) from the beginning date shown or on the inception date of the product (whichever is later).  The inception date used for products with underlying funds, or multiple shares classes, or are offered as a separate account, strategy or sub account, may be the inception date of the underlying fund, the earliest share class of the product, or the date composite performance for the product was first made available. The product's returns may not reflect all its expenses. Any fees not reflected would lower the returns. Benchmark returns include reinvestment of capital gains and dividends, if any, but do not reflect any fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest in an index. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. This chart is not intended to imply any future performance of the investment product.
5. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. Additional investments into Regular, IRA, and Group accounts are $250 or higher.
6. A standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission for bond funds. The yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share earned during the 30-day period by the maximum offering price per share on the last day of the period. The yield figure reflects the dividends and interest earned during the 30-day period, after the deduction of the fund's expenses. It is sometimes referred to as "SEC 30-Day Yield" or "standardized yield".
7. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
8. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
9. StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's equity holdings over two dimensions: market capitalization and valuation. The percentage of fund assets represented by these holdings is indicated beside each StyleMap. Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's equity holdings (e.g., domestic stocks, foreign stocks, and American Depositary Receipts), are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
10. Please note Regional Diversification information is based on the equity components only.
11. Expense caps and waivers are limits that the fund company has placed on the level of the expenses borne by the fund until 10/31/2018 and indicates the maximum level of expenses (with certain exceptions) that the fund would be paying until that time. After the expiration date, the expense cap and/or waiver may be terminated or revised, which may lower the fund's yield and return.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map










  JGV Quote - Nuveen Global Equity Income Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen Global Equity Income Fund   JGV:US      Acquired   JGV:US was acquired by 0771772D:US   USD                          


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 10/14/2016)   223.961    Inception Date   07/24/2006    Premium/Discount   -0.99%    Average 52-Week Premium   0.00%    Fund Managers   ROD PARSLEY    Last Dividend (on 09/13/2016)   0.234    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Expense Ratio   1.09%    3 Mo Return   -    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                     Profile   Nuveen Global Equity Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide a high level of total return. The Fund will invest in a global portfolio of equity securities, as well as debt securities issued by corporate and government entities.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              

	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.















































Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. It is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC and NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as new management, industry consolidation, corporate restructuring or a turn in company fundamentals to create its portfolio. The f...
Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund is an open ended equity mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. It is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC and NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach by focusing on factors such as new management, industry consolidation, corporate restructuring or a turn in company fundamentals to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index and the Lipper Global Equity Income Funds Classification Average. It was formerly known as Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Equity Income Fund. Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund was formed on September 15, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 312-917-7700

Fax: 312-917-6912

www.nuveen.com/MutualFunds/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=NEIF







Key Executives for Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund




Mr. Stephen D. Foy


      	Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Walter M. Kelly


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Scott S. Grace


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Kevin J. McCarthy


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Kathleen L. Prudhomme


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 64
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nuveen Investment Trust - Nuveen NWQ Global Equity Income Fund, please visit www.nuveen.com/MutualFunds/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=NEIF.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund (PRFDX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Equity Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRFDX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$33.51
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								7.36%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$30.44
							
							-
							
								$33.84
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$22,674.68

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Equity Income Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to seek a high level of dividend income and long-term capital growth primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.92%
				
			

				
					17.92%
				
			


3 Years

				
					5.98%
				
			

				
					5.98%
				
			


5 Years

				
					12.18%
				
			

				
					12.18%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.41%
				
			

				
					5.41%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 10.82%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							10.82%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1985
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.66%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
















Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Global Income Builder NextShares  



EVGBC
Symbol



$22.33
$0.07


Net Asset ValueJul 26, 2017



$22.33
$0.07


Closing PriceJul 26, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund invests in common stocks, income instruments, preferred stocks and hybrid securities around the globe that the portfolio managers believe may provide attractive levels of income. For its investments in common stocks, the managers may also seek t o invest in securities they believe have the potential to grow income and/or provide capital appreciation over time.



The Approach
Fund managers employ a bottom-up, research driven process to identify what they believe are attractive global securities up and down the capital structure. Management endeavors to invest in income producing instruments, coupled with investments in common  stocks that may have the potential for growth of income and capital appreciation over time. Overall asset allocation decisions are made collectively by the portfolio managers.



The Features
The global, multi-asset class approach may provide diversification benefits as management seeks to uncover opportunities across an array of income producing securities and common stock. A flexible mandate with broad discretion (within the specified inves tment ranges) to allocate across investment instruments may help navigate the challenges that face traditional sources of income.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
03/30/2016


Investment Objective
Total return


Total Net Assets2
$15.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$380.7M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
700000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


CUSIP
27830G863







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alphabet Inc - CL C



Johnson & Johnson



Wells Fargo & Co



Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc



Interpublic Group of Cos Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Facebook Inc



Chubb Ltd



CDW Corp/DE



Melrose Industries PLC



Total
11.14







Portfolio Management




 
Christopher M. Dyer, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Michael A. Allison, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


John H. Croft, CFA


Managed Fund since inception


Jeffrey D. Mueller


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionMar 30, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
0.27
5.01
10.04
13.92
4.99
10.13
2.57
11.73


Fund at Market Price
0.29
5.06
9.99
13.81
—
—
—
11.73


MSCI World Index1
0.38
4.03
10.66
18.20
5.23
11.38
3.96
14.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


MSCI World Index1
9.04
-40.71
29.99
11.76
-5.54
15.83
26.68
4.94
-0.87
7.51





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
2.99%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.91%


Inception
03/30/2016


Distribution Frequency
Monthly







Yield Information8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Distribution Rate at NAV
5.44%


Subsidized SEC 30-day Yield
2.19%


Unsubsidized SEC 30-day Yield
1.66%







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 25, 2017
$22.26
-$0.01


Jul 24, 2017
$22.27
-$0.04


Jul 21, 2017
$22.31
-$0.01


Jul 20, 2017
$22.32
$0.05


Jul 19, 2017
$22.27
$0.07


Jul 18, 2017
$22.20
$0.03


Jul 17, 2017
$22.17
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$22.17
$0.10


Jul 13, 2017
$22.07
$0.05


Jul 12, 2017
$22.02
$0.10







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Jul 03, 2017
$0.10000


Jun 01, 2017
$0.10000


May 01, 2017
$0.10000


Apr 03, 2017
$0.05000


Mar 01, 2017
$0.05550


Feb 01, 2017
$0.04110


Jan 03, 2017
$0.09020


Dec 01, 2016
$0.07070


Nov 01, 2016
$0.04690


Oct 03, 2016
$0.04440





View All






No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus






Capital Gain History9






Ex-Date
Short-Term
Long-Term


 



No records in this table indicates that there has not been a capital gain greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratio reflects a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 2/28/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. SEC 30-day yield is a standardized measure based on the estimated yield to maturity of a fund's investments over a 30-day period and is based on the maximum offer price at the date specified. The SEC 30-day yield is not based on the distributions made by  the fund, which may differ. Subsidized yield reflects the effect of fee waivers and expense reimbursements. Distribution Rate at NAV is calculated by dividing the last distribution paid per share (annualized) by NAV. The Fund's monthly distribution may  be comprised of ordinary income, net realized capital gains and returns of capital.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 26, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$22.33
+$0.07
+0.31%


Closing NAV
$22.33
+$0.07
+0.31%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV




Low
NAV




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV




Closing
NAV




Trading Volume (Shares)










Trading History11Inception through Jul 26, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 26, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 25, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 24, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 21, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 26, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%



1%


 +0.26% to +0.50%
2%
2%
0%
17%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
94%
94%
100%
82%


-0.26% to -0.50%
4%
5%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7,13,14,15as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Foreign Common Stocks
30.83


U.S. Common Stocks
27.39


U.S. Corporate Bonds
19.44


Foreign Corporate Bonds
11.05


Cash
4.55


Floating-Rate Loans
3.37


Preferred Stock
3.30


Convertible Bond
0.08


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$101.8B


Price/Earnings Ratio
17.57


Number of Holdings
506


Number of Equity Holdings
141


Price/Book Ratio
2.39


Average Coupon
6.43%


Average Maturity
9.87 yrs.


Average Duration
1.25 yrs.


Average Price
$105.04







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,16as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
MSCI World Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
14.47
12.32


Consumer Staples
7.91
9.67


Energy
7.97
6.04


Financials
20.00
18.01


Health Care
10.29
12.55


Industrials
12.28
11.51


Information Technology
11.67
15.65


Materials
4.33
4.90


Real Estate
3.29
3.21


Telecom Services
1.93
2.95


Utilities
5.86
3.19







Credit Quality (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
BBB
9.85


BB
37.69


B
42.70


CCC or Lower
6.33


Not Rated
3.42


Total
100.00





Ratings are based on Moody's, S&P or Fitch, as applicable. If securities are rated differently by the ratings agencies, the higher rating is applied. Ratings, which are subject to change, apply to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying sec urities and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings measure the quality of a bond based on the issuer's creditworthiness, with ratings ranging from AAA, being the highest, to D, being the lowest based on S&P's measures. Ratings of BBB or higher by  S&P or Fitch (Baa or higher by Moody's) are considered to be investment-grade quality. Credit ratings are based largely on the ratings agency's analysis at the time of rating. The rating assigned to any particular security is not necessarily a reflection  of the issuer's current financial condition and does not necessarily reflect its assessment of the volatility of a security's market value or of the liquidity of an investment in the security. Holdings designated as "Not Rated" are not rated by the nati onal ratings agencies stated above.






Maturity Distribution (%)6,17as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Less Than 1 Year
0.00


1 To 3 Years
4.88


3 To 5 Years
16.05


5 To 10 Years
64.48


10 To 20 Years
1.50


20 To 30 Years
0.52


More Than 30 Years
12.57


Total
100.00







Assets by Country (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017






















 
United States
52.86


United Kingdom
9.08


France
5.52


Japan
4.25


Spain
3.67


Canada
3.54


Netherlands
2.59


Germany
1.84


Denmark
1.60


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00





View All








Geographic Mix (%)6,18as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
North America
56.40


Europe
31.80


Asia/Pacific
6.68


Latin America/Caribbean
0.57


Cash & Other Assets
4.55


Total
100.00







Portfolio Holdings6,7,19as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
US Dollars
2.22%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
1.81%


EV Cash Reserves Fund LLC
1.33%


Facebook Inc
0.94%


Deutsche Telekom AG
0.89%


Newell Brands Inc
0.87%


Amazon.com Inc
0.87%


Visa Inc
0.83%


Melrose Industries PLC
0.82%


Apple Inc
0.82%





View All








Basket Details20Jul 27, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees21,22,23Jul 27, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. MSCI World Index is an unmanaged index of equity securities in the developed markets. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverage, as applicable. It is not pos sible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund. MSCI indexes are net of foreign withholding taxes. Source: MSCI. MSCI data may not be r eproduced or used for any other purpose. MSCI provides no warranties, has not prepared or approved this report, and has no liability hereunder.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 3/30/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. A delay in transaction settlement may result in a negative cash position.
14. Preferred stocks include both U.S. and foreign securities.
15. The Fund may obtain exposure to certain market segments through investments in Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) and futures. For purposes of the asset breakdowns, allocations with respect to the Fund's investments in ETFs and futures are based on the underly ing portfolio composition of each ETF and future as of the calendar quarter end.
16. Percent of equity holdings.
17. Percent of bond holdings.
18. Percent of total net assets.
19. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
20. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
21. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
22. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
23. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund primarily invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund and may also invest d irectly. References to investments are to the aggregate holdings of the Fund and the Portfolio.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Changes in the dividend policies of companies could make it difficult to provide a predictable level of income. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volati lity than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other conditions. Dividend capture strategies may result in higher portfolio turnover, increased trading costs and potential for capital loss or gains.  When interest rates rise, the value of preferred stocks and other hybrid securities will generally decline. As interest rates rise, the value of certain income investments is likely to decline. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose m oney investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Christopher M. Dyer, CFA
Vice President, Director of Global Equity, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Christopher Dyer is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and director of global equity. He is responsible for building and leading a global equity investment team, and managing global and international equity portfolios. He  joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Chris began his career in the financial services industry in 2001. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was managing director and head of European equity for Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), where he was affiliated since 2001.
Chris earned a B.S., cum laude, from Georgetown University and an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S. Georgetown University
M.B.A. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Michael A. Allison, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2000


Michael Allison is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management, a director of equity strategy implementation and a structured equity portfolio manager on a number of Eaton Vance’s global and domestic equity income and tax-managed equity portfolios.  On those funds, he is responsible for portfolio construction, tax oversight and risk management. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2000.
Mike began his career in the investment management industry in 1988. Before joining Eaton Vance, Mike was an equity analyst for Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. He was also affiliated with Fleet Investment Advisors and Phoenix Home Life  Mutual Fund Insurance Co.
Mike earned a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He is a member of the Boston Security Analysts Society and is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.S.B.A., The University of Denver


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


John H. Croft, CFA
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2004


John Croft is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s diversified fixed-income team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the firm’s diversified  fixed-income strategies. He joined Eaton Vance in 2004.
John began his career in the investment management industry in 1986. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a credit analyst with Fidelity Management & Research Co.
John earned a B.A. from Colgate University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. He is a CFA charterholder.


Education

B.A. Colgate University
M.B.A. Booth School of Business, University of Chicago


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 



Biography


Jeffrey D. Mueller
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited
Joined Eaton Vance 2015


Jeffrey Mueller is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited and a global portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s high-yield team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for the  firm's high-yield strategies. He leads investment management and credit research for all non-U.S. high-yield opportunities. He joined Eaton Vance in 2015.
Jeff began his career in the investment management industry in 2004. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was a high-yield portfolio manager with Threadneedle Asset Management. He was previously affiliated with Centaurus Capital Ltd. and Amaranth Advisors LLC.
Jeff earned a B.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. He was named in Financial News’ high-profile "Rising Stars in Asset Management" list in 2016, which highlights the top 40 investment management professionals in Europe unde r the age of 40.


Education

B.B.A. University of Wisconsin at Madison


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Apr 30, 2017



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 13, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVGBCGlobal Income Builder NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 26, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016  







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Global Income Builder NextShares (EVGBC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares











































                        Introducing
                    




                            NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.    
                    








■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.













■Because they are actively managed, NextShares offer the potential for benchmark-beating returns by applying their manager’s proprietary investment research.
■Because they trade on an exchange, NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.

Bottom line: NextShares are the next evolution of fund investing™.












                                Overview















                                How do the costs of NextShares compare?
                            

















Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 






    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.








    Compared to a mutual fund with the same strategy and portfolio management, a NextShares fund can offer cost advantages that can translate into improved fund performance.



No distribution and service (12b-1) fees. Unlike many mutual funds, NextShares offer investors a single share class with no embedded distribution and service fees.



Lower fund transfer agency expenses. Because NextShares are exchange-traded, their transfer agency expenses – the costs of administering shareholder accounts – are lower than for most mutual funds.



Lower flow-related trading costs. NextShares can keep the trading costs associated with shareholder
inflows and outflows low.




Less cash drag. NextShares generally don’t need to hold a significant reserve of cash to accommodate shareholder withdrawals. That means more of an investor’s money can be put to work in pursuit of returns.
    

For more detailed information comparing Nextshares to mutual funds, click here.

Learn more.

    Bottom line: NextShares' cost savings offer the potential for improved investor outcomes.







Fund costs explained.

        NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are subject to different fund costs that impact investor returns.
    

What are distribution and service (12b-1) fees?
Fund payments to support the distribution of fund shares and the provision of shareholder services under Rule 12b-1 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are typically paid to the fund’s distributor and generally pass through to intermediaries that sell fund shares. Permitted 12b-1 fees are limited to one percent of average fund net assets annually. Mutual funds are often subject to 12b-1 fees that vary by share class. NextShares, and most ETFs, do not pay 12b-1 fees. A fund’s 12b-1 fees are disclosed in its prospectus and included in its total expense ratio.
What are transfer agency expenses?
The fees paid by a fund to its transfer agent and other intermediaries to process shareholder transactions and maintain shareholder accounts. Transfer agency costs are normally the largest component of mutual fund expenses other than management fees and 12b-1 fees. NextShares and ETFs typically have minimal transfer agency expenses. Transfer agency fees are characterized as "other expenses" in a fund's prospectus and are included in its total expense ratio.
What are flow-related trading costs? 
The trading costs a fund incurs to purchase and sell investments in connection with shareholder inflows and outflows, including commissions, bid-ask spread (i.e., difference between the best offer price to sell a security and the best bid price to buy the security) and market impact (i.e., the effect of a purchase or sale of a security on its trading price) costs. Flow-related trading costs are not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares keep flow-related trading costs low by issuing and redeeming shares primarily in kind (using securities and other noncash payments) and by charging transaction fees to "Authorized Participants" (professional investors who transact directly with the fund). Most mutual funds do not issue or redeem shares in kind or charge transaction fees. 

What is cash drag? 
The impact on fund performance of holding cash. Cash drag hurts fund performance when the returns of the fund's noncash investments exceed cash returns, and helps fund performance when the opposite is true. Cash drag is not disclosed in a fund's prospectus or reflected in its total expense ratio.

NextShares that transact with Authorized Participants primarily in kind may experience less cash drag than mutual funds, which often need to hold cash to meet shareholder redemptions.
What is a fund’s total expense ratio (TER)?
A fund's total annual expenses expressed as a percentage of the fund's average net assets for the year, as stated in its prospectus. Fund TERs include management fees, 12b-1 fees, custody charges, transfer agency fees and other operating expenses of the fund. TERs do not include flow-related trading costs or cash drag. TERs also do not reflect fund sales charges or other costs borne by buyers and sellers of shares. Compared to mutual funds that can be purchased and sold at net asset value, NextShares and ETFs may be more expensive to buy and sell. 










                                Learn how











                                How can NextShares potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions?












Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.





Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4







Mutual fund investors can get hit with big tax bills, whether or not their funds increase in value.
Mutual funds are frequently forced to sell securities they own to meet withdrawals by fund shareholders. Sales of fund positions at a gain can trigger capital gains
distributions – and associated taxes – for the fund's remaining shareholders. In fact, sales to meet investor outflows are often a leading cause of fund capital
gains distributions.1

NextShares work differently. When NextShares investors sell their shares, they don’t normally transact with the fund; instead, they trade through a broker to sell their
shares to someone else. Buyers may include other longterm investors or professional traders acting as market makers in the fund's shares. Because the NextShares fund itself is not involved in these transactions, the fund isn't required to sell securities to raise cash – so no capital gains distributions are triggered for remaining fund shareholders.

When market makers and other large investors accumulate sufficient shares of a NextShares fund, they can redeem their shares from the fund by transacting
through intermediaries called Authorized Participants. Here too, NextShares work differently than mutual funds. Like ETFs, most NextShares funds meet redemptions
through Authorized Participants primarily in kind, 2 meaning that the fund distributes current portfolio
holdings of securities rather than cash. By avoiding the sale of securities to meet redemptions, NextShares can potentially reduce fund capital gains distributions
and associated shareholder taxes. The enhanced tax efficiency that NextShares may provide can be a meaningful source of improved investor outcomes.

    Bottom line: NextShares can reduce fund taxable gains.



A fund’s investment strategy and portfolio turnover rate are other important determinants of the frequency and amount of its capital gains distributions. Fund distributions of net short-term capital gains are generally taxable as ordinary income; distributions of net gains from investments held by the fund for more than one year are generally taxable at long-term capital gains rates. The tax character of fund
distributions is determined and provided to shareholders after the end of each calendar year. In addition to capital gains distributions, fund distributions may include nonqualified ordinary dividends (taxed at ordinary income tax rates), qualified dividends (taxed at rates applicable to long-term capital gains if holding period and other requirements are met), exempt-interest dividends (not subject to regular federal income tax) and nondividend, or return of capital, distributions, which are not subject to current tax.
A NextShares fund’s redemptions may be effected partially or entirely in cash when in-kind delivery is not practicable or deemed not in the
best interests of fund shareholders.
As of March 31, 2016. Based on the mutual funds included in the Lipper large-cap, multicap, midcap and small-cap domestic equity categories and using the highest individual federal income tax rates in effect each year. Actual after-tax returns depend on a shareholder’s tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns are not relevant for shareholders who are not subject to tax or hold fund shares in tax-deferred accounts.
Source: Morningstar, Inc. Includes all domestic, international and global U.S.-registered equity mutual funds tracked by Morningstar.



Tax efficiency can have a meaningful impact on investor returns.

■
According to recent Lipper data, shareholder income and capital gains taxes resulting from fund distributions reduced annual returns of actively managed U.S. equity mutual funds by an average of 1.15% over the past 10 years and 2.23% over the past three years for individual investors in the highest tax bracket.3 That excludes state and local taxes and the taxes paid when shareholders sell their positions.
■
            Average capital gains distributions for equity mutual funds equaled 8.5% of fund net assets in 2015 — more than twice the 3.9% incurred in 2012.4








                                Learn how















                                How do NextSharesinvest?















Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital





    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.







    NextShares can invest in all the same strategies and asset classes as mutual funds. NextShares funds may include equity, income, alternative and multi-asset funds managed in a wide range of active styles.


NextShares may replicate the strategies of their managers’ mutual funds or employ strategies offered exclusively as NextShares. Different from most ETFs, NextShares are actively managed and seek to exceed the returns of their performance benchmark and peer funds.

NextShares are designed for long-term investors who seek active portfolio management with structural cost and tax efficiencies.

    Bottom line: Investors will have access to a broad range of investment strategies.

NextShares, mutual funds and ETFs are purchased and sold differently and have varying costs. These and other distinctions may result in significant differences in investor returns.






Trusted managers and proven strategies
Each of the below companies has entered into a preliminary licensing and services agreement to permit the offering of NextShares. Additional fund managers are also expected to offer NextShares. Learn more.


ALPS Advisors
American Beacon
Broms Asset Management
Causeway Capital Management
Columbia Threadneedle Investments
Eaton Vance
Gabelli Funds, LLC
Hartford Funds Management Company
Ivy Investment Management Company
Nationwide
Nile Capital Management
Pioneer Investments
Principal Management Corporation
UBS Asset Management
Victory Capital








                                Learn how











                                How do I buy and sell NextShares?
                            














    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.











Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    










    There is nothing complicated about investing in NextShares.

    NextShares list and trade on Nasdaq and are priced at the fund’s next end-of-day net asset value (NAV), plus or minus a trading cost determined when the trade executes.1 Trading costs are fully transparent and can be controlled using limit orders.


Transactions in NextShares may be subject to selling commissions and other trading costs. As a new type of fund, NextShares may be offered initially by a limited number of brokers.





    Bottom line: Buying and selling NextShares is straightforward.



Buyers and sellers of share amounts of NextShares will not know the value of their purchases and sales until after the fund’s NAV is determined at the end of the trading day.
Not all broker-dealers offering NextShares may accept dollar-based orders. In share-based orders, you specify the number of fund shares to buy or sell.









Know what you pay to buy and sell

        Investor trading costs are the costs you pay to buy and sell a fund. These include the commissions, sales charges and other fees in connection with the transaction, and the difference between the executed trade price and the corresponding fund value (the amount of premium/discount) when the trade is priced.
    

        Because all NextShares trading prices are directly linked to NAV, buyers and sellers of NextShares always know exactly what they pay in trading costs. By contrast, ETF investors typically cannot measure their trading costs because they don’t have access to a reliable measure of underlying fund value at the time of trade execution.
    








                                Learn how














                                What kinds of investors
                                are NextShares designed for?
                            





























NextShares are designed for investors who seek:

■
        Professional, active portfolio management
■
        Long-term investments
■
        The potential for better performance through structurally lower costs
■
        The potential for lower capital gains taxes

NextShares are not suitable for frequent traders.

    Bottom line: NextShares have wide investor appeal.



        Comparing NextShares to mutual funds and ETFs
    


 
            PDF Download
        









                                Learn more







 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Introducing NextShares
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 









 



Stock NextShares (EVSTC) | Eaton Vance Funds
































































Use of cookies by Eaton Vance Management (International) LimitedWe use cookies to deliver our online services. Details and instructions on how to disable those cookies are set out here. By continuing to use this website you agree to our use of our cookies unless you have disabled them.accept cookies














Go to:


Eaton Vance U.S. Home

Eaton Vance U.S. HomeU.S Institutions HomeEaton Vance U.S. FundsU.S. Charitable HomeOffshore HomeGlobal Home













InvestorAccount Access 
Investment Professional Sign In











Stock NextShares  



EVSTC
Symbol



$24.90
$0.04


Net Asset ValueJul 26, 2017



$24.90
$0.04


Closing PriceJul 26, 2017


N/A
Intraday Indicative Value†Market Closed


Bid: N/A
Ask: N/A
Quoted Prices‡Market Closed





Relateddocuments



 Fact SheetMar 31, 2017









The Fund
The Fund leverages the skill, experience and knowledge of Eaton Vance's equity research organization. Charlie Gaffney oversees the investment process – assembling some of the equity analysts best research ideas in one fund.



The Approach
The investment approach is grounded in hands-on fundamental research, which involves finding companies with consistent earnings growth and leading business franchises. We believe these companies may offer more consistency of returns over the long haul. S ector diversification is achieved by allocating assets across sectors represented in the S&P 500 Index.



The Features
Provides investors with a foundation of research-driven investments picked by an experienced research staff. Style-neutral framework including both value and growth investments can help lessen exposure to the value/growth cycle over time. Stock selection  and active industry allocation decisions generally serve as the primary driver of the Fund's comparative performance.







 

 OverviewWhat are NextShares?
For important information about NextShares, click here.




Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017









Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Fund Factsas of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Inception
02/25/2016


Investment Objective
Long-term capital appreciation


Total Net Assets2
$13.4M


Total Net Assets of Portfolio2
$628.1M


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
550000


Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


CUSIP
27830G608







Top 10 Holdings (%)5,6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Apple Inc



JPMorgan Chase & Co



Alphabet Inc - CL C



Wells Fargo & Co



Chubb Ltd



Facebook Inc



Verizon Communications Inc



Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc



First American Financial Corp



FedEx Corp



Total
24.87







Portfolio Management




 
Charles Gaffney


Managed Fund since inception






Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
2. "Total Net Assets" are the net assets of the Fund. "Total Net Assets of Portfolio" are the net assets of the Portfolio, including the Fund's investment in it and any other investments.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
5. Top 10 Holdings excludes cash and equivalents.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
 Performance

Historical Returns (%)as of  Jun 30, 2017


























Annualized




1 Month
3 Months
YTD
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Since Fund InceptionFeb 25, 2016


 
Fund at NAV
1.16
4.15
9.19
14.16
8.18
14.34
7.44
16.28


Fund at Market Price
1.18
4.19
9.19
14.16
—
—
—
16.28


S&P 500 Index1
0.62
3.09
9.34
17.90
9.60
14.62
7.18
20.94





Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance is for the stated time period only; due to market volat ility, the Fund's current performance may be lower or higher than indicated. The Fund's performance at market price will differ from its results at net asset value (NAV). The market price used to calculate the Market Value return is the midpoint between  the highest bid and the lowest offer on the exchange on which the shares of the Fund are listed for trading as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated. If you trade your shares at another time during the day, your return may differ. Returns are his torical and are calculated by determining the percentage change in NAV or market price (as applicable) with all distributions reinvested at NAV or closing market price (as applicable) on the payment date of the distribution, and are net of management fee s and other expenses. Performance less than one year is cumulative.The Fund pursues its investment objective by investing in a separate investment fund (the Portfolio). The returns at NAV for periods before the date the Fund commenced operations  are for a mutual fund that invests in the Portfolio (the Portfolio Investor). The performance during such period does not represent the performance of the Fund. The prior investment performance of the Portfolio Investor (rather than the Portfolio itself)  is shown because it reflects the expenses typically borne by a retail fund investing in the Portfolio. The Portfolio Investor returns are not adjusted to reflect differences between the total net operating expenses of the Fund and the Portfolio Investor  during the periods shown. If such an adjustment were made, the performance presented below would be higher, because the Fund's total net operating expenses are lower than those of the Portfolio Investor. Performance is for a share class of the Portfolio  Investor offered at net asset value.






Calendar Year Returns (%)







2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016


 
Fund at NAV
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


Fund at Market Price
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—


S&P 500 Index1
5.49
-37.00
26.46
15.06
2.11
16.00
32.39
13.69
1.38
11.96





See above note regarding performance calculations. There is no Fund at Market Price performance because the Fund has not completed a calendar year of operations.






Fund Facts




 
Expense Ratio (Gross)3
1.49%


Expense Ratio (Net)3,4
0.65%


Inception
02/25/2016


Distribution Frequency
Annually







Risk Measures (3 Year)8as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Alpha (%)
-0.73


Beta
0.94


R-Squared (%)
95.18


Standard Deviation (%)
9.92


Sharpe Ratio
0.80







NAV History






Date
NAV
NAV Change


 
Jul 25, 2017
$24.86
$0.04


Jul 24, 2017
$24.82
-$0.03


Jul 21, 2017
$24.85
$0.01


Jul 20, 2017
$24.84
-$0.01


Jul 19, 2017
$24.85
$0.17


Jul 18, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 17, 2017
$24.68
$0.00


Jul 14, 2017
$24.68
$0.11


Jul 13, 2017
$24.57
$0.07


Jul 12, 2017
$24.50
$0.16







Distribution History9






Ex-Date
Distribution


 
Dec 13, 2016
$0.12820





No records in this table indicates that there has not been a distribution greater than .0001 within the past 3 years. Fund prospectus





Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
3. Source: Fund prospectus.
4. Net expense ratios reflect a contractual expense reimbursement that continues through 4/30/18. Without the reimbursement, if applicable, performance would have been lower.
8. Alpha measures risk-adjusted performance, showing excess return delivered at the same risk level as the benchmark. Beta measures the volatility of a fund relative to the overall market. R-Squared represents the percentage of the portfolio's movement that  can be explained by the general movement of the market. Standard deviation measures the historic volatility of a fund. Sharpe Ratio uses standard deviation and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk.
9. A portion of the Fund's returns may be comprised of return of capital or short term capital gains. The Fund will determine the tax characteristics of all Fund distributions after the end of the calendar year and will provide shareholders such information  at that time. Please consult your tax advisor for further information.
 Trading & Portfolio

Trade Data10as of Jul 26, 2017









vs. Prior Business Day
Change (%)


 
Closing Price
$24.90
+$0.04
+0.16%


Closing NAV
$24.90
+$0.04
+0.16%


Closing Bid/Ask





Midpoint (of bid/ask)
NAV+$0.00




Spread (between bid/ask)
$0.06




Intraday Price (vs. NAV)





High
NAV




Low
NAV




Average (Volume-Wtd)
NAV




Closing
NAV




Trading Volume (Shares)










Trading History11Inception through Jul 26, 2017



























Premium/Discount
Closing


Date
High
Low
Average (Volume-Wtd)
Closing Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
Jul 26, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 25, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 24, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06


Jul 21, 2017




$0.00
$0.06


Jul 20, 2017
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
-$0.03
$0.00
$0.06







Historical Premiums/Discounts and Trading Spreads12Inception through Jul 26, 2017









Premium/Discount
Closing


Range
Closing Price
Vol Wtd Ave Price
Closing Bid/Ask Midpoint
Bid/Ask Spread


 
 >1.00%






 +0.76% to +1.00%






 +0.51% to +0.75%






 +0.26% to +0.50%



3%


 -0.25% to +0.25%
98%
98%
100%
97%


-0.26% to -0.50%
2%
2%




-0.51% to -0.75%






-0.76% to -1.00%


















Asset Mix (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
U.S. Common Stocks
95.60


Foreign Common Stocks
4.39


Cash
0.02


Total
100.00







Portfolio Statistics6as of  Jun 30, 2017





 
Average Market Cap
$137.4B


Price/Earnings Ratio
18.09


Number of Holdings
81


Price/Book Ratio
2.84







GICS Sector Breakdown (%)6,7as of  Jun 30, 2017
























Sector
Fund
S&P 500 Index1


 
Consumer Discretionary
12.41
12.27


Consumer Staples
9.27
9.05


Energy
5.90
6.01


Financials
14.49
14.55


Health Care
14.41
14.51


Industrials
10.14
10.28


Information Technology
22.18
22.26


Materials
2.96
2.85


Real Estate
2.84
2.93


Telecom Services
2.21
2.14


Utilities
3.19
3.16


Cash
0.02
—







Portfolio Holdings6,7,13as of  May 31, 2017







Holding
% of Net Assets


 
Apple Inc
4.89%


Alphabet Inc - CL C
3.10%


Johnson & Johnson
2.72%


JPMorgan Chase & Co
2.69%


Facebook Inc
2.36%


Wells Fargo & Co
2.35%


Chubb Ltd
2.30%


Verizon Communications Inc
2.22%


Amazon.com Inc
1.99%


First American Financial Corp
1.99%





View All








Basket Details14Jul 27, 2017







Holding
Shares


 



View All








Transaction Fees15,16,17Jul 27, 2017







No. of Creation Units
Fee per Creation Unit (bps)


 



View All







Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



1. S&P 500 Index is an unmanaged index of large-cap stocks commonly used as a measure of U.S. stock market performance. Unless otherwise stated, index returns do not reflect the effect of any applicable sales charges, commissions, expenses, taxes or leverag e, as applicable. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Historical performance of the index illustrates market trends and does not represent the past or future performance of the fund.
6. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are to the Portfolio's holdings. Fund commenced operations on 2/26/16.
7. Percent of Portfolio total net assets.
10. All trade data is for the referenced trading day. All premiums/discounts and bids/asks are relative to NAV. Premium/discount data is from actual trades, while bid/ask midpoint and spread data use the bid and ask at market close. Closing bid and closing a sk can be used for establishing limits on trading costs in limit orders.
11. All values relative to NAV.
12. Each line in the chart shows the percentage of total trading days during the designated period in which the specified Fund trading parameter was within the indicated range.  Premiums/discounts shown are versus NAV.  Closing bid/ask spread is versus the c losing bid/ask midpoint. Past performance may not predict future results.
13. The following list reflects unaudited securities holdings (excluding derivatives positions).  Holdings information may differ if presented as of trade date.  Due to rounding, holdings of less than 0.005% may show as 0.00%. Portfolio information subject t o change due to active management.
14. The Basket includes securities, cash and/or other instruments designated by the Fund to be paid or received by Authorized Participants that transact directly with the Fund in Creation Unit transactions. The Basket is not intended to be representative of  the Fund's current holdings and may vary significantly from current portfolio positions.
15. For transactions directly with the Fund, the Fund imposes transaction fees on Creation Units issued and redeemed to offset the estimated cost to the Fund of processing the transaction and converting the Basket to or from the desired portfolio composition .
16. Basis points (bps) are a unit of percentage measure. 1 basis point is equal to 0.01%.
17. A fixed fee of $150 will also be charged for each creation or redemption event. If the fund substitutes cash for basket instruments, it will impose higher transaction fees on the substituted cash amount.
 Insights & Analysis  Commentary
No commentary information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.

  Attribution
No attribution information is currently available.


Portfolio profile subject to change due to active management. Percentages may not total 100% due to rounding. Fund invests in an affiliated investment company (Portfolio) with the same objective(s) and policies as the Fund. References to investments are  to the Portfolio's holdings.


†Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)The IIV is an estimate of the real-time value of the Fund's underlying holdings based on current market prices and should not be viewed as a projection of NAV, which is determined at the end of the day . Because IIVs will generally differ from the end-of-day NAV of the Fund, they cannot be used to calculate with precision the dollar value of a prescribed number of shares to be bought or sold. Investors should understand that share transaction prices ar e based on closing NAVs, and that NAVs may vary significantly from IIVs during periods of intraday market volatility. Neither the Fund, the Trust nor any of their affiliates are involved in, or responsible for, the calculation or dissemination of IIVs no r make any warranty as to their accuracy. An inaccuracy in an IIV could result from various factors, including difficulty pricing portfolio instruments on an intraday basis. The IIV is disseminated every 15 minutes during normal trading hours and is as o f the time noted above. An IIV is not available when the market is closed.


‡Bid and AskThe bid and ask prices shown are as of the time noted and may not reflect current quotations. The Fund's NAV normally is determined as of 4:00 p.m. each business day.


About Risk: 
Fund performance is sensitive to stock market volatility. Investments in foreign instruments or currencies can involve greater risk and volatility than U.S. investments because of adverse market, economic, political, regulatory, geopolitical or other con ditions. No fund is a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in a fund. The Fund may engage in other investment practices that may involve additional risks and you should review the Fund prospectus for a complete description.



 Management
Biography


Charles Gaffney
Vice President, Eaton Vance Management
Joined Eaton Vance 2003


Charles Gaffney is a vice president of Eaton Vance Management and portfolio manager on Eaton Vance’s global core team. He is responsible for buy and sell decisions, portfolio construction and risk management for a number of the firm’s global  core equity strategies. He is a member of the firm’s Equity Strategy Committee. He joined Eaton Vance in 2003.
Charlie began his career in the investment management industry in 1996. Before joining Eaton Vance, he was affiliated with Brown Brothers Harriman as a sector portfolio manager and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter as a senior equity analyst.
Charlie earned a B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1995 and an MBA from Fordham University in 2002.


Education

B.A. Bowdoin College
M.B.A. Graduate School of Business, Fordham University


Experience

Managed Fund since inception





 




 
Literature
Literature

Fact Sheet
Download
 - Last updated: Mar 31, 2017



NextShares Brochure
Download
 - Last updated: Oct 21, 2016



Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Dec 31, 2016



Full Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Holdings-1st or 3rd fiscal quarters-www.sec.gov
Download




SAI
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



Semi-Annual Report
Download
 - Last updated: Jun 30, 2016



Summary Prospectus
Download
 - Last updated: May 1, 2017



XBRL
Download
 - Last updated: May 10, 2017

















 NextShares Calculator*

EVSTCStock NextShares
I Plan To:
BuySell


Approx Trade Size:
$ DollarsEnter a dollar amount to the nearest cent.Shares NextShares do not trade in fractional shares.Enter a whole number without decimals.

Premium/Discount $ Enter premium or discount to the nearest whole cent.


Estimated Share Amt
0


Estimated Value
$0.00

Estimated Current Price Per Share


Intraday Indicative Value (IIV)Jul 26, 2017


AskLast Bid
NAV


The calculator is currently unavailable.
* This calculator provides an estimate and does not provide the actual price at which a transaction will be executed. Shares of NextShares funds are traded in the secondary market through a broker, and may not be individually purchased or redeemed from the fund. All transactions in NextShares are executed at the Fund's net asset value per share (NAV) calculated at the end of the day plus or minus a premium or discount. The Estimated Current Price per Share used in the calculation reflects (i) the Fund’s intraday indicative value (IIV) and (ii) offer or bid price is subject to a 15 minute delay and is as of the time noted. See information about IIVs below(†).  The calculator is available during normal market hours only.


 

Access Advisor Resources
Get exclusive access to timely materials:

Eaton Vance Thought Leadership
Insights and Conference Calls
Notifications of Document Updates

Sign In
    or Register 




 
Related Content
Full ProspectusMay 1, 2017SAIMay 1, 2017Summary ProspectusMay 1, 2017NextShares BrochureOct 21, 2016

Newsworthy

Eaton Vance to Ring Nasdaq Opening Bell to Mark Launch of First NextShares FundFeb 29, 2016 

 







Twitter @EatonVance
Eaton Vance on LinkedIn
Eaton Vanceon Facebook
Subscriptions
EmailPrint
Site Survey






Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.



Remember Me



I Do Not Accept
Ok




Disclosure - Restricted content

The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. 
                If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not 
                be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management 
                (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not 
                intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in 
                any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important 
                that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making 
                any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party 
                information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. 
                Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of 
                overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. 
                A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in 
                securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, 
                administrative and service contracts, and other risks.All information in this section are for "Professional Client ONLY". To access this website users must qualify as a "Professional 
                client". Any person who does not fall into the categories listed above should not rely on the information contained in this website.
By clicking the Okay button below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the 
                Fund or Strategies (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that 
                jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes) and that you are a Professional Client.


I Do Not Accept
Ok





 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-800-836-2414. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Eaton Vance website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-800-836-2414.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Eaton Vance email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-800-836-2414.





Simply enter your e-mail address to register.


Company Email:


Cancel
Already have an account? Sign In.

If you are an individual investor and have an account with Eaton Vance, sign into your account here.


Register for more access and control.

Elevate your business practice with materials from the Advisor Institute.
Learn more with exclusive videos, conference calls, and the latest insights.
Follow products, get product notifications, and manage your Eaton Vance communications.












Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from Eaton Vance.
Here's the link:Stock NextShares (EVSTC)
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://funds.eatonvance.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-800-836-2414.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 






Site Disclaimer


You are about to enter the   website for .


This is your selected location and role:





This is your selected location:



Please select your role:







I Do Not Accept
I Accept






Disclaimer


The information contained in this section of the website is designed solely for professional clients. If you are not a professional client you should not proceed any further. The content should not be looked at or distributed to retail clients.
By clicking the box below, you confirm that you are from an eligible jurisdiction to review material relating to the Fund (or are authorised to conduct investment business in the jurisdiction within which you are resident and under the law of that jurisdiction, you are authorised to view material relating to collective investment schemes).

GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Certain products and services mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries and they may not be suitable for all types of investors. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation and is not directed at you if Eaton Vance Management (International) ltd (EVMI) is prohibited by any law of any jurisdiction from making the information on this website available to you and is not intended for any use that would be contrary to local law or regulation. No products and services mentioned on this website must be promoted in any jurisdiction where this would not be permitted.
This website does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice with respect to our products and services and it is important that you do not rely on its content when making an investment decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any decision to enter into an investment transaction. EVMI does not represent that the information on this website, including any third party information, is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Past performance is not a guide to future returns.
The value of investment funds and the income therefrom may go down as well as up and you may not get back the original amount invested. Your capital could be at risk. You are not certain to make money from your investments and you may lose money. Exchange rates may cause the value of overseas investments and the income therefrom to rise and fall.
Information in this section may contain statements that are not historical facts, referred to as forward-looking statements. A Fund’s future results may differ significantly from those stated in forward-looking statements, depending on factors such as changes in securities or financial markets or general economic conditions, the volume of sales and purchases of Fund shares, the continuation of advisory, administrative and service contracts, and other risks.
QIAIF DISCLAIMER
The Fund is an umbrella fund of the Eaton Vance Institutional Funds plc (the "Company"), a public limited company with variable capital with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland pursuant to the Companies Acts. The Company is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as a Qualified Investors Alternative Investment Fund (QIAIF) and solely intended for Qualified Investors (as defined in the Fund prospectus).
The Fund is currently authorised in Ireland only and as a QIAIF the Company may apply for recognition by other EU Member States. The QIAIF mentioned on this website may not be eligible for sale in some countries.
This website is not intended to distribute or offer or solicit the sale of shares or units in the Fund and any jurisdiction in which such distribution, or offer or solicitation would be considered contrary to local law or regulation.
            


I Do Not Accept
I Accept






































NextShares.com - Resources






































Resources



        Literature and More
      


White papers


            “Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds”
          

Download


 


            “Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Products at Age Seven”
          

Download




Brochure


            NextShares: Unleash the active.
          

Download


Commentary


Choosing the simplicity of NextShares


Download







        Video Library
      



The next evolution of fund investing™



 
NextShares are the first funds to combine the benefits of exchange trading with the potential for market-beating returns using proprietary active management.


What are NextShares?





NextShares exchange-traded managed funds are a new way to invest in actively managed strategies.





Designed for active management





NextShares may offer cost and tax efficiencies that can enhance shareholder returns.


Are NextShares right for you?




NextShares have wide appeal for long-term investors.





How do I buy and sell NextShares?




 
NextShares are bought and sold on an exchange through a brokerage account, much like exchange-listed stocks and ETFs.






Everything you always wanted to know about NextShares*
*BUT WERE AFRAID TO ASK


NextShares are new. And somewhat different. But new and different doesn't have to mean complicated or confusing. These questions and answers are intended to help potential users of NextShares get up to speed on this exciting investment product.

NextShares at a glance
NextShares terms and phrases
Comparing NextShares to ETFs
Comparing NextShares to mutual funds
Comparing NextShares to closed-end funds
Buying and selling NextShares
Creations and redemptions
Investor information
Owning NextShares
Master-feeder structure
Special considerations and risks
Regulation
Tax treatment
Competition
Intellectual property
Transparency
Misperceptions and myths





        Regulatory and Technical Documents
      


NextShares Regulatory Documents

            NextShares-related SEC filings and approvals.
          


Portfolio-Protected Active ETF Regulatory Documents

            SEC filings and related documents.
          


Issued U.S. Patents

            Issued patents underpinning NextShares.
          


NASDAQ Updates and Specifications

            Summaries of changes to trading protocols, feeds and services, with links to detailed specifications.
          






 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - Resources
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 








 













NextShares.com - News









































News

Articles
|
Events











7/20/2017
Press Release

Featured News









Calvert to Launch Responsibly Managed Ultra-Short Income Strategy in NextShares™ Structure
“We are proud to partner with Calvert as the first company to bring responsible income investing to their clients through NextShares,” said Stephen W. Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions. “We are looking forward to working together to expand their product line-up to include NextShares.”







 



Media Inquiries

Robyn Tice
Vice President
                                        Director of Media Relations
                                        rtice@nextshares.com
617-672-8940














Filter





Date Range:
FROM

TO

Apply dates


Type:


Clear








No results were found. Please try a wider date range, additional sources, or additional formats.
                    





7/20/2017
Press Release




Calvert to Launch Responsibly Managed Ultra-Short Income Strategy in NextShares™ Structure
“We are proud to partner with Calvert as the first company to bring responsible income investing to their clients through NextShares,” said Stephen W. Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions. “We are looking forward to working together to expand their product line-up to include NextShares.”






6/9/2017
Ignites




NextShares Fits With 'Spirit of the DOL'
Bradley Saacks from Ignites, interviews Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares. Saacks and Clarke discuss NextShares distribution and Department of Labor regulation.






2/7/2017
ETF Advisor




Gabelli Funds Launches Food of All Nations NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced that Gabelli Food of All Nations NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on February 14, 2017.






12/15/2016
Business Wire




Causeway Capital Management to Introduce NextShares
“Causeway is a trusted investment manager and we’re proud to begin partnering with them,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions.






11/30/2016
Nationwide




Nationwide Funds to Introduce NextShares
“We're proud to add Nationwide Funds as a NextShares partner,” said Stephen W. Clarke, president of NextShares Solutions. “We're pleased to expand the distribution of NextShares to Nationwide Funds investors.”






11/29/2016
Business Wire




Gabelli Funds Launches Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares
Gabelli Funds, LLC, announced today that Gabelli Media Mogul NextShares will list and commence trading on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December 1, 2016.






10/31/2016
Business Wire




Interactive Brokers Group Announces the Availability of Eaton Vance NextShares™ with No Transaction Fees
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc., announced today the availability of Eaton Vance NextSharesTM exchange-traded managed funds through its investing and trading platforms on a no-transaction fee (NTF) basis.






10/21/2016
Ignites




Ivy First Licensee to Go Live With NextShares
Ivy Investments launched three strategies using the NextShares exchange-traded managed fund structure, becoming the first licensee of the Eaton Vance affiliate to launch any of the products.






10/18/2016
Business Wire




Ivy Launches its First Three NextShares™
Ivy Investment Management Company today introduced its first three Ivy NextShares as part of a planned lineup of NextShares exchange-traded managed funds. Ivy is among the first to offer the new structure.






8/25/2016
Forbes




NextShares Targets Lower Fund Fees
Julie Cooling from RIA Channel, interviews Jonathan Isaac, Managing Director of Product Strategy at NextShares. Cooling and Isaac discuss the launch of one of the most innovative financial platforms of our time.






7/27/2016
STRUCTUREDRETAILPRODUCTS.COM




UBS Beefs up ETF offering in the US via partnership with Eaton Vance subsidiary
The $910 billion Boston-based institutional investment consultant is working with the global asset manager to identify new NextShares™ exchange-traded managed fund (NextShares) sub-advisers.






7/18/2016
Press Release




NEPC Engaged by Eaton Vance for NextShares™ Sub-Adviser Search







7/13/2016
Ignites




UBS First Wirehouse to Ink Eaton Vance NextShares Deal
Eaton Vance signed an agreement with UBS Wealth Management to distribute NextShares through its financial advisor network. The distributor is the first wirehouse to accommodate the new investment wrapper on its platform.






7/13/2016
Press Release




UBS Plans to Offer NextShares Exchange-Traded Managed Funds







5/18/2016
Fund Action




Early Adopters of NextShares Set To Benefit
“There’s an economic advantage in terms of pricing,” Stephen Clarke, president of Eaton Vance subsidiary NextShares Solutions, told FA.






5/13/2016
Ignites




NextShares Inks Second Distribution Deal
Interactive Brokers Group said Thursday that it plans to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to retail investors and financial pros through its platforms, making it the second distributor through which the products can be sold.






4/20/2016
Ignites




Ivy Funds Preps NextShares for Launch
Ivy Funds is lining up to be the first third-party manager to launch NextShares non-transparent exchange-traded products. NextShares is an Eaton Vance subsidiary.






4/20/2016
Press Release




Ivy NextShares to Launch Late Summer 2016
Ivy NextShares, managed by Ivy Investment Management Company, a subsidiary of Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc., has filed a registration statement with the Securities & Exchange Commission to register three Ivy NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (NextShares).






3/29/2016
ETF Express




Eaton Vance to launch two additional NextShares funds
Eaton Vance Corp is to launch two additional NextShares exchange-traded managed funds, the Eaton Vance Global Income Builder NextShares (:EVGBC) and Eaton Vance TABS 5-to-15 Year Laddered Municipal Bond NextShares (EVLMC).






3/4/2016
ThinkAdvisor.com




Neither ETF Nor Mutual Fund, Behold the Exchange-Traded Managed Fund
Eaton Vance launched NextShares in late February; other investment advisors have pending deals for their own exchange-traded managed fund.






3/3/2016
Ignites




Eaton Vance CEO: NextShares Launch to Create Domino Effect
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust is counting on the recent launch of NextShares to build momentum for the non-transparent exchange-traded products.






3/1/2016
Press Release




Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC Scheduled to Present at Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference
Eaton Vance Corp. (NYSE: EV) announced that Stephen Clarke, President of NextShares Solutions LLC, is scheduled to speak at the Citi 2016 Asset Management and Broker Dealer Investor Conference on Thursday, March 3, 2016.






2/29/2016
Nasdaq




Eaton Vance Stock NextShares Rings the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell
Eaton Vance, a leading global asset manager whose history dates to 1924, will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square in celebration of launching Eaton Vance Stock NextShares (Nasdaq:EVSTC).






2/25/2016
ETF.com




Eaton Vance’s NextShares Finally Debuts
Exchange-traded managed funds—the new structure patented by Eaton Vance that falls somewhere between an ETF and an open-ended mutual fund—are coming to market.






2/25/2016
Ignites




On Verge of NextShares Launch, Eaton Vance Preaches Patience
Eaton Vance CEO Tom Faust had a single message for NextShares skeptics during Wednesday’s earnings call: Have patience.






1/15/2016
Mutual Fund Wire




Don't Call Them ETMFs
When it comes to the new type of funds that Eaton Vance is creating, call them NextShares or exchange-traded managed funds but don't use the abbreviation.






11/25/2015
Ignites




B-Ds Want NextShares 'Proof'; 2016 Could Deliver It
Eaton Vance’s plans to launch the first swath of NextShares this year may be off the table, but officials are hoping a successful 2016 debut will convince distributors and asset managers to set aside their reservations and make the products a priority.






10/19/2015
Pensions & Investments




Managers finding new ETF niches to stake their claims
Over the past several months, U.S. money managers traditionally associated with active portfolio management for both retail and institutional clients have made their exchange-traded fund aspirations more pronounced.






10/1/2015
ThinkAdvisor




New Providers in U.S. ETF Space Set Record: ETFGI
Asset managers are tripping over themselves to get into the U.S. exchange-traded funds and products space, according to a report released Thursday by ETFGI, a London-based research and consultancy firm.






9/29/2015
Ignites




Columbia Threadneedle Plots Multi-Front ETF Expansion
Columbia Threadneedle plans to build on its small lineup of active ETFs with both index-based strategies and non-transparent exchanged-traded managed funds.






9/28/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Columbia Management Seeks Permission to Launch NextShares, Index ETFs
Columbia Management Investment Advisers LLC, a Boston subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial Inc., is seeking permission from regulators to launch a version of exchange-traded managed funds, a new breed of fund planned by Eaton Vance Corp.






9/9/2015
ETF Express




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
ALPS has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC (Navigate), a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares exchange-traded managed funds (ETMFs).






9/9/2015
Investment News




Eaton Vance's NextShares gets its first custodian on board
NextShares, the new fund structure from Eaton Vance Corp. designed to reduce the costs of active management, has won its first broker-dealer partner. Two investing platforms managed by Foliofn Investments Inc. will offer the funds to financial advisers and other investors.






9/9/2015
Ignites




NextShares Touts First B-D Distribution Deal
Eaton Vance has found a broker-dealer to allow its brokerage and RIA custody clients to buy and sell NextShares exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Online Brokerage Folio Investing to Offer NextShares
Online brokerage services Folio Investing and Folio Institutional plan to offer a new type of fund created by a unit of Eaton Vance Corp. that may start trading later this year.






9/8/2015
Press Release




ALPS Announces Initiative to Launch NextShares
ALPS, a DST Company providing products and services to the financial services industry, today announced it has entered into a preliminary agreement with Navigate Fund Solutions LLC, a subsidiary of Eaton Vance Corp., to support the launch of a family of ALPS NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds.






9/8/2015
Press Release




Folio Announces Plans to Offer NextShares
Folio Investing and Folio Institutional, leading online brokerage services for individual investors, financial advisors, institutions and their clients, today announced plans to be the first broker-dealer to offer NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds directly to individual investors, advisors and institutions.






8/19/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Envestnet Plans to Offer NextShares
“Envestnet’s decision may make it easier for other companies to step forward to offer the exchange-traded managed funds.” - CEO Tom Faust






8/18/2015
Press Release




Envestnet Announces Initiative to Offer NextShares
Envestnet, Inc. today announced plans to make NextShares™ exchange-traded managed funds available to financial advisors through the Envestnet wealth management platform as part of its advisor-as-portfolio-manager tools as well as through Fund Strategist Portfolios (FSPs).






8/3/2015
WealthManagement.com




Ten to Watch 2016: Stephen Clarke
Stephen Clarke is among the 10 influencers and innovators expected to impact the advisory industry in 2016.






6/29/2015
Institutional Investor




Eaton Vance's NextShares: The Best of Two Worlds?
Tom Faust, CEO of Eaton Vance, is credited with launching NextShares, a new exchange-traded product that he hopes will help active money managers stem the tide of money flowing into cheaper index funds.






5/20/2015
Financial Times




NextShares in Financial Times: ETF model puts active managers to the test
The SEC has cleared a new vehicle developed by Eaton Vance. It will carry the brand name NextShares, and might just be the biggest innovation for the investment industry since the ETF 25 years ago.






5/7/2015
Boston Business Journal




Pioneer Investments offers NextShares in Boston Business Journal: Eaton Vance's new product could revolutionize
“Having big ambitions and tremendous respect for the value added of this structure, I would like to have more fund companies signed up.” - CEO Tom Faust






4/14/2015
The Wall Street Journal




Tom Faust on NextShares Developments
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes and delivers active strategies more efficiently.






4/14/2015
Ignites




Eaton Vance Cuts Costs, Preserves Margins With NextShares
“Lower costs relative to active mutual funds is a key selling point to advisors.”






4/1/2015
Ignites




Victory Capital Signs Up for NextShares
Victory Capital Management is the latest firm to sign with Eaton Vance to develop and launch NextShares.






3/10/2015
Traders Magazine




Eaton Vance NextShares Carves Out a New Space
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jason Crosby said, “We are working through the operational requirements to offer NextShares exchange-traded managed funds to our clients when available.”






3/8/2015
Investment News




 Seeing through the ETF argument in favor of transparency
Transparency promotes marketplace competition, supports better investor decision-making and exposes suspect market practices.






3/5/2015
The New York Times




Eaton Vance Charts Exchange-Traded Future
“We are changing the social contract with mutual fund investors. This really can be transformational.” - CEO Tom Faust






2/4/2015
Mutual Fund Wire




Active Fundsters Hear ETFs Calling, Even During the Price War
Active managers American Beacon and Gabelli Funds sign up for NextShares.






1/5/2015
Ignites




Executives Who Got the Job Done in 2014
“When this [idea] came up it was apparent it could be a game-changer. NextShares have the potential to broadly improve the performance and tax efficiency of active fund strategies …” - Navigate CEO Stephen Clarke






12/3/2014
Press Release




Availability of New White Paper Examining Avoidable Structural Costs of Actively Managed Mutual Funds and Their Impact on Fund Performance 
NextShares have the ability to sidestep significant fund costs, asset custody charges and the cost of portfolio trades to implement managers’ buy and sell decisions.






11/7/2014
Bloomberg




Eaton Vance Invented a New Flavor of Mutual Fund
Eaton Vance got approval for a new thing called NextShares. It enhances performance, saves on taxes, and delivers active strategies more efficiently.

























 
 














 


We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:1-877-341-9255. 

You have already upgraded your account. Please login using the link at the top of the page. 



Your download will begin when this window is closed.
Manage your subscriptions



You have successfully un-subscribed from .


As a subscriber, you are one step away from getting more access and control. Register now by simply creating a password below.


Create Password:

Confirm Password:

Passwords must be 8 to 20 alphanumeric characters, including a special character:! @ # $ % ^ & * ( ) - _ = + , < . > ?.

Cancel
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.



Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this NextShares website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .


A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This account is restricted.

Your account has limited access.

If you need further assistance, please call 1-877-341-9255.



This account has been updated.

Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to  with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.



This email account has not been verified.

Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.

Cancel



Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


An email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address  containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.


Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.

Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to EatonVance.com


Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.

Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 1-877-341-9255.





Company Email:

Password:



Remember Me                          |                          Forgot your password?  Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 
If you are an individual investor and have an account with NextShares, sign into your account here.


Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. 
Subscribe All




Subscribe

Cancel



Thank you for downloading 
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.

Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.


Close


Stay on top of your game.
Receive email notifications when the  is updated by clicking the subscribe button.



Company Email:


Close
Subscribe to new content: Register                    Already have an account? Sign In.



Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.


Stay on top of your game.
You have selected to receive email notifications for:


Enter your Email


Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register 


Stay on top of your game.
You are currently "Opted Out" of all NextShares email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:

Close



Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.


Company Email:



Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 1-877-341-9255.










Your Name *



My Contact Email Address *



Recipient's Name



Recipient's Email *



Prepared on *



 Link to webpage 
                                
                                Link to PDF                            

Message

I thought you'd be interested in this information from NextShares.
Here's the link:NextShares.com - News
Copy Link
For more information, visit http://www.nextshares.com/

Cancel Send Email

 





            Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.



Please enter a new email.


New Email:



Trouble signing in? Call 1-877-341-9255.







Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now Already have an account? Access.






Investment Professionals

Access
Subscribe to new content: Register. 



Get PDF Now
Subscribe 
You are already subscribed to 
Manage your subscriptions

Unsubscribe 








 
 Symbol:  


                    NAV as of  

 
 




 
 










 


Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/26/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.06


$7.90




            POP


$7.90




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

14.83%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 


 
























Mutual Funds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 




















Institutional Global Asset Management | OFI Global






































OppenheimerFunds.com

×




















OppenheimerFunds.com

An OppenheimerFunds
Company





Institutional Investor






U.S. WebsitesIndividual InvestorFinancial AdvisorPrivate Client GroupRegistered Investment AdvisorOFI Retirement Plan SponsorsNon-U.S. Resident AdvisorNon-U.S. Websites












Oppenheimer Funds


















Mid-Year 2017 Outlook
As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.


Learn More








article
Low Volatility Is a Killer



article
Artificial Intelligence: Rethinking the Future






Learn More










Our Latest News & Insights


















July 2017 MLP Update: Market Update, SCOOP/STACK Education


The Alerian MLP Index was down 0.6% in June on both a price and total return basis.







View Article




















Welcome Back, Europe


Liquidity, earnings momentum and valuations are helping drive a rebound in European stocks.







View Article




















If Not for the Geopolitics, Russia Would Be Boring


Despite geopolitical risks, we believe Russia’s local currency debt remains a good yield play.







View Article




















Medical Technology: The Innovators Disrupting Healthcare


Innovative mid-cap medical technology companies are disrupting the healthcare sector.







View Article









View All News & Insights








Collections


















Global Markets Insights


Learn how we aim to help institutional investors capture sustainable returns and limit portfolio risk.







Explore




















Fixed Income Insights


Explore OFI Global's latest thinking  on investing opportunities in the global fixed income and credit markets. 







Explore




















Perspectives on Multi-Asset Investing


Explore the  Global Multi Asset Group's approach to global markets and get insights into their latest asset allocation strategies. 







Explore




















Alternative Investments Insights


We believe alternatives can offer numerous benefits, including volatility management and improved portfolio outcomes.







Explore













The Right Way to Invest

















About Us

OFI Global Asset Management is an OppenheimerFunds company, drawing on nearly 60 years of investment experience. 



Explore




















Executive Profiles


An executive team built on proven industry experience. 







View Article



















The Right Way to Change Perspectives


Our philanthropy program received more support than ever in 2015.







View Article





















High Net Worth and Institutional Investors
PLEASE CONFIRM

Important Legal Information: By clicking "I agree" below, you agree that you have read and acknowledged the terms detailed below. You also confirm that you are a high net worth investor, institutional investor or a consultant to institutional investors and wish to proceed. Further, by accessing this website you agree to be subject to the site's
terms of use.


The information on this website is intended for high net worth investors, institutional investors and consultants to institutional investors. It is published for informational purposes only and does not purport to address the financial objectives, situation or specific needs of any investor. If you do not qualify as an institutional investor, a high net worth investor or consultant, the information shown on this site (which may include information about our investment strategies and products, market commentary and composite performance) may not be relevant or appropriate for you. There can be no assurance that any investment product or strategy will achieve its investment objectives or that there will be any return of capital. Performance may be volatile, and an investor could lose all or a substantial portion of its investment.



I Agree

I'm not a High Net Worth or Institutional Investor, take me to
OppenheimerFunds.com







You are leaving www.ofiglobal.com and being redirected to a new site.


OFI Global Asset Management is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































