


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Target 2020 Fund (TRRUX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Target 2020 Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRRUX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.96
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.63%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.00
							
							-
							
								$11.96
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$245.82

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Target 2020 Fund among 
184,
184,
N/A
and 
N/A
Target-Date 2020
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						

Retirement Funds Combined Index Portfolios are blended index portfolios used to 
evaluate the performance of the Retirement Funds. The composition of each fund's 
benchmark adjusts on a quarterly basis to reflect the fund's strategic neutral target 
allocation for each asset class, which is predetermined and changes over time. 
The Retirement Balanced Fund's combined index portfolio does not change. The most recent mix of 
underlying indexes can be found in the Performance section of each fund's quarterly commentary, 
available by accessing the Management/Commentary tab above.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks the highest total return over time consistent with an emphasis on both capital growth and income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					9.86%
				
			

				
					9.86%
				
			


3 Years

				
					4.16%
				
			

				
					4.16%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.51%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.51%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							August 20, 2013
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.73%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.64%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Retirement Planning Information
Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 23:28:26 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









INVESTMENTS


















HOMEINVESTMENTSPROJECTS1031 EXCHANGESCONTACT USMoreHOMEINVESTMENTSPROJECTS1031 EXCHANGESCONTACT US☰✕HOMEINVESTMENTSPROJECTS1031 EXCHANGESCONTACT USWindsor Holdings, LLC12% SECURED DEBENTURE BONDSWINDSOR HOLDINGS IS COMPLETING THE CONVERSION OF THE NEW GRAND HOTEL TO THE NEW GRAND SENIOR RESIDENCES
WINDSOR BONDS MAY BE PURCHASED FOR AN INVESTORS  RETIREMENT ACCOUNT
TERM 3 YEARS: REDEMPTION DATE 12/31/2020
MINIMUM INVESTMENT: $50,000
INTEREST RATE: 12% ANNUALLY
 12% INTEREST RATE IS PAID AS FOLLOWS:                                      ASSUMING A MINIMUM INVESTMENT OF $50,000
8% INTEREST PAID MONTHLY - $4,000/12 MONTHS =$333.33
INTEREST WILL BE PAID EACH MONTH UNTIL BONDS ARE REDEEMED
4% INTEREST PAID AT TIME OF REDEMPTION - $2,000 ACCRUED EACH YEAR UNTIL REDEMPTION
ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT INFORMATION 
PROPERTY VALUE: THE MARKET EVALUATION AND MARKET STUDIES REFLECT A VALUE OF $18,400,000 UPON COMPLETION AND RENT STABILIZATION
SECURED: A TRUST DEED WILL BE EXECUTED IN FAVOR OF THE DEBENTURE HOLDERS. THE APPRAISED VALUE OF THE PROPERTY WILL ALWAYS BE GREATER THAN ANY DEBT
ACCESS  DETAILS  AND  "OFFERING DOCUMENTS" BELOW. Offering DetailsFull and complete details of the Offering are available for persons who meet the Federal Securities Regulation D - 501 qualification of an "Accredited Investor".Click "Link" below: For access to the OFFERING DOCUMENTS LINK:   OFFERING DOCUMENTSOR IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS: Please call the following number for information, answers to your questions and access to  Windsor Holdings Offering Memorandum:  Mon-Fri 10:00 AM TO 6:00 PM  Eastern: CALL: (239) 330-2521Copyright © 2017 Windsor Business Solutions Ltd - All Rights Reserved.




	JHY - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund
	
		(NYSE: JHY)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Glossary




Objective
The Fund seeks to provide a high level of current income and return the original $9.85 net asset value per common share on or about November 1, 2020.1


Highlights
				
		JHY is designed for investors who are comfortable with the increased credit risk of high yield corporate securities and are seeking the potential for: 
	
High current income
Return of original $9.85 net asset value upon fund termination1
Shorter duration strategy that is less sensitive to interest rate changes vs. longer duration funds




Investment Strategy


		The Fund invests in a portfolio of primarily below investment grade corporate debt securities. The Fund may invest in other types of securities including senior loans, convertible securities and other types of debt instruments and derivatives that provide comparable economic exposure to the corporate debt market. At least 80% of its managed assets will be in corporate debt securities and separately, at least 80% in securities that, at the time of investment, are rated below investment grade or are unrated but judged by the managers to be of comparable quality. No more than 15% will be in securities rated CCC+/Caa1 or lower at the time of investment. Up to 30% may be in securities of non-U.S. issuers, including up to 20% in emerging market issuers, and up to 10% may be in non-U.S. dollar denominated securities.
		The Fund seeks to identify securities across diverse sectors and industries that the managers believe are undervalued or mispriced. In seeking to return the original NAV on or about the November 1, 2020, the Fund intends to utilize various portfolio and cash flow management techniques, including setting aside a portion of its net investment income, possibly retaining gains and limiting the longest maturity of any holding to no later than May 1, 2021. The Fund uses leverage. 










Click on the labels above to hide/show the respective graph lines.


			The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made on the date indicated. Original Investment & Cumulative Distributions is the original investment value added to the cash flow received from distributions. The total returns are not adjusted to reflect the effects of taxation and assume reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
		

			Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
		






Daily Pricing




Closing Share Price  (As of 7/26/2017)$10.14

Closing NAV per Share  (As of 7/26/2017)$9.96

Premium / Discount**1.81%

Current Distribution Rate (Market price)††5.80%

Distribution Amount (Monthly)††$0.0490

Distribution Type Income







Literature Downloads



Quarterly Fact Sheet
Subscribe


Strategy Sheet
Subscribe


UNII Information
Subscribe


Monthly Distributions
Subscribe


Distribution Schedule







Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report








Featured Literature



High Yield Target Term CEFs Strategy Sheet







Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information







RISKSInvestment, Market, and Price Risk: Closed-end fund shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.  Common shares frequently trade at a discount to their NAV.  At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than you paid, even after considering the reinvestment of fund distributions.Credit Risk: Debt or preferred securities held by the fund may fail to make dividend or interest payments when due.  Investments in securities below investment grade credit quality are predominantly speculative and subject to greater volatility and risk of default.  Unrated securities are evaluated by fund managers using industry data and their own analysis processes that may be similar to that of a nationally recognized rating agency; however, such internal ratings are not equivalent to a national agency credit rating. Counterparty credit risk may arise if counterparties fail to meet their obligations, should the fund hold any derivative instruments for either investment exposure or hedging purposes.Low-Quality Bond Risk: The fund concentrates a large portion of its investments in low-quality bonds (sometimes called “junk bonds”), which have greater credit risk and generally are less liquid and have more volatile prices than higher quality securities.Leverage Risk: The fund’s use of leverage may cause higher volatility for the fund’s per share NAV, market price, and distributions.  Leverage typically magnifies the total return of the fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative. Leverage is intended to increase common share net income, but there is no assurance that the fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.  Different forms of leverage, including swaps, may introduce additional credit or interest rate risk. Leverage may also increase a fund’s liquidity risk, as the fund may need to sell securities at inopportune times to stay within fund or regulatory limits.Foreign Investment Risk: Investments in non-U.S securities involve special risks not typically associated with domestic investments including currency risk, if not hedged - the risk that changes in exchange rates will affect the value of the fund’s investments, as well as adverse political, social and economic developments. These risks often are magnified in emerging markets.Limited Term Risk: It is anticipated that the fund will terminate and liquidate its assets and return the proceeds to its shareholders on or before a specific date, although it could terminate sooner or later under certain conditions.  The fund may be required to sell portfolio securities at times when market conditions are not favorable, negatively affecting its value.Call Risk or Prepayment Risk: Issuers may exercise their option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled, forcing the fund to reinvest in lower-yielding securities.Interest Rate Risk: Fixed-income securities such as bonds, preferred, convertible and other debt securities will decline in value if market interest rates rise.Illiquid Securities Risk: The fund may not be able to sell securities in its portfolio at the time or price the fund desires.Hedging Risk: The fund may use derivative instruments for hedging purposes, but there is no assurance that the fund’s hedging strategy will be successful.  Derivatives may involve a high degree of financial risk, including the risk that the loss on a derivative may be greater than the principal amount invested.Currency Risk: Changes in exchange rates will affect the value of the fund’s investments.Tax Risk: The tax treatment of fund distributions may be affected by future changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities.
NOTES


					** The premium/discount is calculated as (most recent price/most recent NAV) -1.


1The objective to return the Fund’s Original NAV is not an express or implied guarantee obligation of the Fund.






†† INCOME ONLY DISTRIBUTIONS

				Distributions are sourced entirely from net investment income, unless noted otherwise.
				
						
							Distribution rates represent the latest declared regular distribution, annualized, relative to the most recent market price and NAV. Special distributions, including special capital gains distributions, are not included in the calculation.
						
					
			
















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

































	JHY - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund
	
		(NYSE: JHY)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature







Glossary







							Calendar Year Total Returns 
						


								Since Inception (7/28/2015)













						
						Share Price as of 7/26/2017, NAV as of 07/26/2017
						
						





							Annualized Total Returns
						


								Since Inception (7/28/2015)



								As of 6/30/2017
							





















< Return
        to Performance


        Calendar Year Total Return: Since Inception
    




Return YearShare PriceNAV

20169.94%20.15%








        Annualized Total Returns: Since Inception
    




Return YearShare PriceNAV

YTD2.11%5.24%

Monthly-1.37%0.19%

Inception7.55%7.81%

6 Month2.11%5.24%

3 Month1.11%2.13%

1 Year-0.19%14.37%













An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors
					should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information
					on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview
					tab.



Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the data shown.  NAV returns are net of fund expenses, and assume reinvestment of distributions.

Fund shares are not guaranteed or endorsed by any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Shares of closed-end funds are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of principal invested. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Fund data is updated daily, monthly, and quarterly, depending on the specific data point.
	Click 
HERE

		for the update schedule.
	




Frequency
Data included


Daily all funds:

Market price, NAV, premium/discount, annualized distribution rates on market price and NAV


Monthly all funds:
Assets, leverage, expenses, total return performance, distribution amounts, earnings & UNII 


Monthly certain funds:

				Municipal bond fund holdings and portfolio information
			


Monthly certain funds, with 1-month lag:

				Taxable fund holdings and portfolio information except JCE, NSL, JFR and JRO; and % AMT for municipal bond funds
			


Quarterly certain funds:

				JCE, NSL, JFR, and JRO holdings and portfolio information, tax characteristic estimates for distributions from funds paying quarterly distributions
			


Quarterly all funds:

				SEC filings (annual shareholder report, semi-annual shareholder report, or 10-Q filing)
			
























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
10040-INV-AN-08/16



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



































    JHY Key Statistics - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund

                  NYSE: JHY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


JHY

/quotes/zigman/55553273/composite


$
10.14




Change

-0.01
-0.10%

Volume
Volume 41,883
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/55553273/composite
Previous close

$
			10.15
		


$
				10.14
			
Change

-0.01
-0.10%





Day low
Day high
$10.13
$10.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.99
        

            $10.81
        
















Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/jhy

      MarketWatch News on JHY
    
No News currently available for JHY





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/jhy

      Other News on JHY
    





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

1:39 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





European junk: Where's the spread?

1:58 p.m. June 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:08 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

11:15 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:47 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Z-Scores: What Do They Tell Us About Closed End Funds?

10:52 a.m. April 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Going Round The Wheel Of Fortune

7:30 a.m. April 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:08 p.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Reduce Interest-Rate Risk With These High-Yield Funds

1:59 p.m. March 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

11:51 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen Funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

12:39 p.m. Feb. 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Getting Ready For Reflation

7:24 a.m. Jan. 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit

10:44 p.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:19 p.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Never A Dull Moment In The World Of Foreign Exchange

2:01 a.m. Jan. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

9:53 a.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

1:54 p.m. Nov. 10, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on taxable funds

8:44 a.m. Oct. 7, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on taxable funds

10:51 a.m. Sept. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund
333 West Wacker Drive


Chicago, Illinois 60606




Phone
1 3129178146


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for JHY











/news/pressrelease/company/us/jhy

      Press Releases on JHY
    




 Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund Establishes Equity Shelf 
      Program
6:05 p.m. Aug. 5, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































	JHY - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
    Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund
    
        (NYSE: JHY)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Quarterly Market Commentary | Glossary






Fund Manager

Nuveen Asset Management is a premier asset manager with a broad range of investment solutions for high net worth individuals and institutional clients. With an extensive history evaluating the municipal bond markets, Nuveen Asset Management offers our clients an approach to investing that emphasizes quality and ingenuity. Today our solutions span multiple asset classes, from traditional and specialized equity to taxable and municipal fixed income. Our heritage demonstrates quality and innovation that stand the test of time.





Manager Bios

John T. Fruit, CFAJohn T. Fruit, CFA - John is the head of the High-Yield Credit Sector Team and a member of the Fixed-Income Strategy Committee, which establishes investment policy for all taxable fixed-income products. As a senior fixed-income portfolio manager, he leads the High Yield Bond strategy and related institutional portfolios. He is also a member of the Emerging Markets Sector Team. John began working in the financial industry in 1988 and joined the firm in 2001 to serve as a senior fixed-income research analyst. Prior to that, he was a senior analyst for Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. Previously, he worked in fixed-income sales and trading for Firstar Bank Milwaukee and as an institutional trader for Arbor Research and Trading. John received a B.S. in economics and international business from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. In addition, he holds the Chartered Financial Analyst professional designation. John is a member of the CFA Institute and the Chicago Society of Security Analysts.Jeffrey T. Schmitz, CFAJeff is the co-manager of the High Yield Bond and Real Asset Income Strategies and related institutional portfolios. He has co-managed High Yield Bond since 2008 and Real Asset Income since its inception in 2011. He is also a member of the High-Yield Credit and the Emerging Markets Sector Teams. Prior to his current role, he was a senior research analyst with the group focusing on the energy, healthcare and pharmaceuticals, technology, and emerging market corporates sectors.He began working in the financial industry in 1987 and joined the firm in 2006. Previously, Jeff worked as a senior credit research analyst at Deephaven Capital Management and as a trading risk manager at Cargill Financial Services. He also held various risk oversight roles with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.Jeff received a B.A. in finance from the University of St. Thomas and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Minnesota’s Carlson School of Management. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Minnesota.




CFA and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by the CFA Institute.

An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview tab.























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
9420-INV-AN-08/15



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds


































 Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund (JHY) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund
 JHY


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






BofAML US HY Master II TR USD





BofAML US HY Master II TR USD



MPT Benchmark


BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


BofAML US HY Master II TR USD







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









High Yield Bond


High Yield Bond


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation JHY





 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 06/30/2017








Cash
1.92
—
1.92
—
4.75






US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.72






Non US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.05






Bond
94.85
—
94.85
—
93.06






Other
3.23
—
3.23
—
1.42








 
 


 















Style Details JHY





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 06/30/2017







2017
—
95



2016
—
96



2015

97





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 06/30/2017








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	B





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

7





Average Weighted Price
                        	

103








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
0
—
—








BBB
1
—
—








BB
28
—
—








B
56
—
—








Below B
12
—
—








Not Rated
3
—
—








As of 06/30/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings JHY





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
0.99
—
2.96








 
 
 
 






Corporate
95.99
—
90.72












Corporate Bond
91.92
—
85.28








Bank Loan
0.00
—
4.56








Convertible
4.07
—
0.71








Preferred
0.00
—
0.16








 
 
 
 






Securitized
1.07
—
1.60












Agency Mortgage-Backed
0.00
—
0.43








Non-Agency Residential MBS
0.00
—
0.30








Commercial MBS
1.07
—
0.42








Asset-Backed
0.00
—
0.44








Covered Bond
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
0.01








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
1.94
—
4.71








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.01








As of 06/30/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
0.00
—
2.62











0% to 4%
3.00
—
6.47








4% to 6%
33.15
—
10.50








6% to 8%
47.16
—
59.28








8% to 10%
14.48
—
7.60








10% to 12%
2.21
—
13.47








More than 12%
0.00
—
0.11








As of 06/30/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 JHY
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
72.12
—
79.46







Canada
9.42
—
5.07







Luxembourg
3.57
—
4.01







Bermuda
2.41
—
1.14







Netherlands
1.72
—
2.01







Argentina
1.58
—
0.26







British Virgin Islands
1.46
—
0.06







Japan
1.44
—
0.08







Marshall Islands
1.42
—
0.19







Panama
1.23
—
0.02







 






As of 06/30/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 JHY
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
44.43
—
6.74







3 to 5 Years
55.57
—
14.56







5 to 7 Years
0.00
—
52.65







7 to 10 Years
0.00
—
17.73







10 to 15 Years
0.00
—
2.46







15 to 20 Years
0.00
—
0.93







20 to 30 Years
0.00
—
1.24







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
1.17







 






As of 06/30/2017













Bond Duration JHY











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          





Effective Duration

	   				2.03
          

	   				2.64
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 06/30/2017




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				—
          





Effective Maturity

	   				2.36
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 JHY
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
—
—
—







5 Year +
—
—
—







Non-Callable
—
—
—







 






As of date not available



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 





    JHY News - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund

                  NYSE: JHY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


JHY

/quotes/zigman/55553273/composite


$
10.14




Change

-0.01
-0.10%

Volume
Volume 41,883
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/55553273/composite
Previous close

$
			10.15
		


$
				10.14
			
Change

-0.01
-0.10%





Day low
Day high
$10.13
$10.16










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.99
        

            $10.81
        

















/news/latest/company/us/jhy

      MarketWatch News on JHY
    
No News currently available for JHY







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/jhy

      Other News on JHY
    





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

1:39 p.m. July 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





European junk: Where's the spread?

1:58 p.m. June 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:08 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - May 2017: CEFs Getting Bubbly

11:15 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:47 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Z-Scores: What Do They Tell Us About Closed End Funds?

10:52 a.m. April 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marketplace Roundtable: Going Round The Wheel Of Fortune

7:30 a.m. April 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:08 p.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Reduce Interest-Rate Risk With These High-Yield Funds

1:59 p.m. March 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

11:51 a.m. March 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen Funds goes ex-dividend on Monday

12:39 p.m. Feb. 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Getting Ready For Reflation

7:24 a.m. Jan. 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit

10:44 p.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:19 p.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Never A Dull Moment In The World Of Foreign Exchange

2:01 a.m. Jan. 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

9:53 a.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution

1:54 p.m. Nov. 10, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on taxable funds

8:44 a.m. Oct. 7, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on taxable funds

10:51 a.m. Sept. 13, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/jhy

      Press Releases on JHY
    




 Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund Establishes Equity Shelf 
      Program
6:05 p.m. Aug. 5, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































XJHYX Fund - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,686


40


0.18%











S&P F

2,479.50


6.25


0.25%











NASDAQ F

5,990.75


42.75


0.72%











Gold

1,268.30


12.70


1.01%











Silver

16.755


0.296


1.80%











Crude Oil

48.76


0.01


0.02%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:22a

Twitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares



9:20a

Updated
Wasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 



9:19a

Updated
Every day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd



9:13a

Updated
Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low



9:12a

Shell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices



9:11a

Vale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output



9:09a

Updated
U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000



9:09a

Amazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session



9:08a

Amazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close



9:07a

Marijuana media company High Times is going public












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


XJHYX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



XJHYX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund

Watchlist 
CreateXJHYXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 EDT



$
9.96



0.01
0.10%






Previous Close




$9.95





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



9.96
52 Week Low/High
10.79


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
9.96 - 10.79



YTD
N/A



5 Year
N/A



Total Net Assets
N/A



Net Expense Ratio
N/A



Turnover %
N/A




 
  

 


Fees & Expenses

No information available



Risk Measures

No information available



Min. Investment

No information available

 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News




No Headlines Available





  



Distributions







No information available

 


Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








CLF

-1.65%








AMZN

1.24%








BWLD

-0.85%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

2:07 p.m. July 26, 2017






Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
              
              Talk from OPEC isn’t the only reason prices for oil scored their biggest single-session gain of the year.              
              
            

3:49 a.m. July 26, 2017






Investing according to your values can also make you money
              
              These socially conscious funds can do good and do well, writes Conrad de Aenlle.              
              
            

10:56 a.m. July 24, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.35
+0.34
+0.29%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.99
+0.07
+0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.63
+0.06
+0.12%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
196.25
-0.71
-0.36%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.75
+0.42
+2.07%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.51
-0.03
-0.09%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.31
+2.45%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Semiconductor ETF
              
              Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Semiconductor ETF              
              
            

5:50 a.m. July 26, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/26/2017 8:00pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

247.43


+0.01
+0.0040%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
144.87
+0.47
+0.33%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
143.25
-0.80
-0.56%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
25.05
-0.17
-0.67%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
65.88
+0.07
+0.11%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
44.01
+0.36
+0.82%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Every day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
              
              What’s left to talk about besides the bubble in U.S. equity prices? asks Jared Dillian.              
              
            

4 min ago9:19 a.m. July 27, 2017






Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
              
              Another day, another round of all-time highs? Billionaire investor Howard Marks warns the temperature of today’s markets is “elevated,” providing our call of the day. Cryptocurrencies like bitcoin aren’t real, the Oaktree Capital co-chairman also says.               
              
            

23 min ago9:00 a.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.21
-0.27
-1.10%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.98
-0.05
-0.07%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
74.05
-0.14
-0.19%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.75
+0.08
+0.23%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.66
-0.46
-1.43%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.06
-0.21
-1.86%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.91
-0.15
-0.27%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.93
-0.87
-0.94%








Bonds »








Dollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
              
              A widely watched U.S. dollar gauge stabilized on Thursday, but still languished at a 13-month low, struggling to shake off the dovish interpretation among investors of the Federal Reserve’s policy statement.               
              
            

10 min ago9:13 a.m. July 27, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/27/2017 9:15am
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1133


-0.01
-1.13%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.13
-0.01
-0.90%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.37
+0.0079
+0.58%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.86
+0.02
+1.34%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.32
+0.03
+1.17%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.93
+0.04
+1.33%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/27/2017 8:08am
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.3


-0.30
-3.13%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83
+0.70
+0.03%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01
+97.58
+0.45%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75
+10.57
+0.16%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,442.28
-8.11
-0.56%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,776.69
-15.24
-0.85%








Currencies »








Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
              
              The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.              
              
            

58 min ago8:24 a.m. July 27, 2017












USDJPY



							7/27/2017 9:23am
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.514


+0.3360
+0.3022%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3138
+0.0016
+0.1219%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1520
+0.0132
+0.4205%








Commodities »






Triumph Bancorp, Inc. Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering
              
              Triumph Bancorp, Inc. Announces Pricing of Common Stock Offering              
              
            

2 min ago9:20 a.m. July 27, 2017










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
51.00
+0.03
+0.06%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.60
+0.0038
+0.24%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.92
+0.0030
+0.10%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,268.30
+12.70
+1.01%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.76
+0.30
+1.80%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
933.90
+11.20
+1.21%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
389.00
+3.00
+0.78%

















Most Popular





1.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






2.






The dark side of cruises






3.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






4.






If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?






5.





Barron's Next

Do You Tip Your Uber Driver?








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:23aTwitter's stock volume hits 6.5 mln shares premarket; regular-session full-day average is 16.6 mln shares
9:21aWasserman Schultz kept paying aide suspected of stealing House computers | 10 governors slam Obamacare ‘skinny repeal’ 
9:19aEvery day the stock market rises, things get a little more absurd
9:13aDollar stabilizes after falling to 13-month low
9:13aShell sees future of 'lower forever' oil prices
9:12aVale earnings slide despite record iron-ore output
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































	Investment Management. | Financial Engines








































Home > Investment Management
		

	







Investment Management.


It’s a complicated financial landscape.
Everyone’s investing style is different. Whether you’re in countdown mode to retirement, or you have 20 years or more of work ahead of you, it’s smart to think about investments. Learn how we can help you secure the income you’ll need to enjoy the retirement you want.





401(k) Retirement Savings Plans
If you have access to a 401(k) plan, we can help you take advantage of the opportunity to earn tax-deferred earnings. We can show you how contributing the amount to get the maximum employer match can get you “free money.”
Learn More >







Individual Retirement Accounts
Give yourself the opportunity to save more for a better retirement. Your earnings can grow tax-deferred, and you’ll have flexibility in investment choices not usually found in employer-sponsored plans.  
Learn More >







Taxable Brokerage Accounts
A proactive approach to developing a tax strategy can help prepare you, your family or your business for long-term success.
Learn More >










Get More Information

Free Financial Plan
Retirement Report
Compare Services





Please provide a valid first name

Please provide a valid last name

Please provide a valid phone number

Please provide a valid email
Please provide a valid email address

Please provide a valid zip
Please provide a valid zip



Does your employer already offer our services? 
Please call (888) 443-8577
We value your privacy. View our Privacy Policy.














































  JHY Quote - Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund   JHY:US   New York        10.14USD   0.01   0.10%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   10.14    Day Range   10.13 - 10.16    Previous Close   10.15    52Wk Range   9.99 - 10.81    1 Yr Return   0.19%    YTD Return   3.04%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   10.14    Day Range   10.13 - 10.16    Volume   41,883    Previous Close   10.15    52Wk Range   9.99 - 10.81    1 Yr Return   3.06%    YTD Return   3.04%    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   9.96000004    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   148.380    Inception Date   07/28/2015    Premium/Discount   1.81%    Average 52-Week Premium   4.70%    Fund Managers   GIFFORD ROSS ZIMMERMAN / WALTER M KELLY    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.049    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   5.80%    Expense Ratio   1.50%    3 Mo Return   1.42%    3 Yr Return   -    5 Yr Return   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        EJ546621:COR   HTZ 5 ⅞ 10/15/20    3.35 k 3.24 m 1.70      EK979129:COR   AES 6 ¾ 10/01/19    2.75 k 2.87 m 1.51      EK294502:COR   TWI 6 ⅞ 10/01/20    2.75 k 2.85 m 1.50      EJ270904:COR   CCO 7 ⅝ 03/15/20    2.79 k 2.78 m 1.46      EJ738291:COR   TGI 4 ⅞ 04/01/21    2.70 k 2.68 m 1.41      AL290713:COR   STDCTY 5 ⅞ 11/30/19    2.50 k 2.64 m 1.38      EI619567:COR   LB 6 ⅝ 04/01/21    2.38 k 2.63 m 1.38      EK697585:COR   NGL 5 ⅛ 07/15/19    2.65 k 2.63 m 1.38      EJ644724:COR   SOFTBK 4 ½ 04/15/20    2.50 k 2.60 m 1.36      JK327123:COR   GME 6 ¾ 03/15/21    2.50 k 2.60 m 1.36           Profile   Nuveen High Income 2020 Target Term Fund is a closed end fund incorporated in the USA. The fund will invest in high yield corporate debt.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Target 2020 Fund (TRRUX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Target 2020 Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRRUX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.96
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.02
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.63%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.00
							
							-
							
								$11.96
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$245.82

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Target 2020 Fund among 
184,
184,
N/A
and 
N/A
Target-Date 2020
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						

Retirement Funds Combined Index Portfolios are blended index portfolios used to 
evaluate the performance of the Retirement Funds. The composition of each fund's 
benchmark adjusts on a quarterly basis to reflect the fund's strategic neutral target 
allocation for each asset class, which is predetermined and changes over time. 
The Retirement Balanced Fund's combined index portfolio does not change. The most recent mix of 
underlying indexes can be found in the Performance section of each fund's quarterly commentary, 
available by accessing the Management/Commentary tab above.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks the highest total return over time consistent with an emphasis on both capital growth and income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					9.86%
				
			

				
					9.86%
				
			


3 Years

				
					4.16%
				
			

				
					4.16%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 6.51%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							6.51%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							August 20, 2013
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.73%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.64%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Retirement Planning Information
Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:50:43 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now


































