


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














	NUW - Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund
	
		(NYSE: NUW)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature








Glossary




Objective
The fund's primary objective is current income exempt from regular federal income taxes and its secondary objective is to enhance portfolio value and total return.


Highlights
Seeks to provide:
Attractive monthly tax-free income exempt from federal income tax, including AMT
Attractive after tax total returns from a predominantly investment grade portfolio
Portfolio diversification




Investment Strategy
The fund invests in municipal securities that are exempt from federal income taxes, including the alternative minimum tax (AMT).  The fund invests at least 80% of its managed assets in municipal securities rated  investment grade (Baa/BBB or better by S&P, Moody’s, or Fitch) at the time of investment, or, if they are unrated, are judged by the manager to be of comparable quality.  The fund may invest up to 20% of its managed assets in municipal securities rated below investment quality or judged by the manager to be of comparable quality, of which up to 10% of its managed assets may be rated below B-/B3 or of comparable quality.  The fund may invest in inverse floating rate municipal securities, also known as tender option bonds.  The fund’s use of tender option bonds to more efficiently implement its investment strategy may create up to 10% effective leverage.








Click on the labels above to hide/show the respective graph lines.


			The chart illustrates the performance of a hypothetical $10,000 investment made on the date indicated. Original Investment & Cumulative Distributions is the original investment value added to the cash flow received from distributions. The total returns are not adjusted to reflect the effects of taxation and assume reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.
		

			Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
		






Daily Pricing




Closing Share Price  (As of 7/26/2017)$17.34

Closing NAV per Share  (As of 7/26/2017)$16.98

Premium / Discount**2.12%

Current Distribution Rate (Market price)††4.15%

Distribution Amount (Monthly)††$0.0600

Distribution Type Income








Literature Downloads



Quarterly Fact Sheet
Subscribe


UNII Information
Subscribe


Monthly Distributions
Subscribe


Distribution Schedule







Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Semi-Annual Report


Subscribe








Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information







RISKSInvestment, Market, and Price Risk: Closed-end fund shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.  Common shares frequently trade at a discount to their NAV.  At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than you paid, even after considering the reinvestment of fund distributions.Interest Rate Risk: Fixed-income securities such as bonds, preferred, convertible and other debt securities will decline in value if market interest rates rise.Credit Risk: Debt or preferred securities held by the fund may fail to make dividend or interest payments when due.  Investments in securities below investment grade credit quality are predominantly speculative and subject to greater volatility and risk of default.  Unrated securities are evaluated by fund managers using industry data and their own analysis processes that may be similar to that of a nationally recognized rating agency; however, such internal ratings are not equivalent to a national agency credit rating. Counterparty credit risk may arise if counterparties fail to meet their obligations, should the fund hold any derivative instruments for either investment exposure or hedging purposes.Tax Risk: The tax treatment of fund distributions may be affected by future changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities.Inverse Floater Risk: The fund invests in inverse floaters. Due to their leveraged nature, these derivative investments can greatly increase a fund’s exposure to interest rate risk and credit risk, including counter-party credit risk. In addition, investments in inverse floaters involve the risk that the fund could lose more than its original principal investment.Call Risk or Prepayment Risk: Issuers may exercise their option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled, forcing the fund to reinvest in lower-yielding securities.Hedging Risk: The fund may use derivative instruments for hedging purposes, but there is no assurance that the fund’s hedging strategy will be successful.  Derivatives may involve a high degree of financial risk, including the risk that the loss on a derivative may be greater than the principal amount invested.Municipal Bond Market Liquidity Risk: Inventories of municipal bonds held by brokers and dealers have decreased in recent years, either due to broker-dealer choices or to federal banking regulations, reducing their ability to make a market in these securities. This may decrease the fund’s ability to buy or sell bonds, and may increase bond price volatility and trading costs, particularly during periods of economic or market stress. As a result, the fund may be forced to sell a security at a lower price than desired, to sell other securities to raise cash, or to give up an investment opportunity, any of which could have a negative effect on performance. Large block sales could further reduce bond prices and hurt fund performance.
NOTES


					** The premium/discount is calculated as (most recent price/most recent NAV) -1.






				Income may be subject to state and local income taxes. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.

†† INCOME ONLY DISTRIBUTIONS

				Distributions are sourced entirely from net investment income, unless noted otherwise.
				
						
							Distribution rates represent the latest declared regular distribution, annualized, relative to the most recent market price and NAV. Special distributions, including special capital gains distributions, are not included in the calculation.
						
					
			
1 Taxable Equivalent Yield

				Taxable equivalent yield is the yield or distribution rate needed from a taxable investment to be economically equal to receiving the stated tax-free yield from a municipal bond investment. Please note that the income levels shown in the calculator do not reflect (i) any federal or state limitations on the amounts of allowable itemized deductions, phaseouts of personal or dependent exemption credits or other allowable credits, (ii) any local taxes imposed, or (iii) any alternative minimum taxes or any taxes other than personal income taxes. The user is responsible for selecting the applicable federal and, as applicable, state tax rates. The stated federal tax rates for joint incomes over $250,000 include the 3.8% medicare tax imposed on the net investment income of certain taxpayers with higher incomes. This calculator is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to represent actual performance, or to predict future performance, of any Nuveen Investments product. Certain taxpayers may find their effective marginal tax rates to be greater than those shown in the calculator. In that case, the taxable equivalent yield may be even higher.
			

				Income may be subject to state and local taxes, as well as the federal alternative minimum tax. There is no assurance that tax rates will remain unchanged; the rates used are believed to be correct for tax year 2016.
			
















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



































﻿
































Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.03 (NYSE:NUV) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Contrasting Zep (ZEP) & WD-40 (WDFC)
Contrasting DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) & Engility Holdings (EGL)
Head to Head Review: Lifetime Brands (LCUT) & Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ:HELE)
Internationa Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) versus The Hain Celestial Group (HAIN) Head to Head Analysis
Analysts Set Alio Gold Inc (TMM) Target Price at $0.89
Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (SLAB) Receives $76.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts
SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSNC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA) Position Held by Meyer Handelman Co.
Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Microsoft Corporation Call Options (MSFT)
eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) Given a $42.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts
Analysts Expect Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $187.13 Million
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Lowered by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
$0.60 EPS Expected for HomeStreet, Inc. (NASDAQ:HMST) This Quarter
Spirit of America Management Corp NY Decreases Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)
Capital Management Corp VA Lowers Position in Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW)
USG Corporation (USG) Receives $31.53 Consensus PT from Brokerages
Brokerages Set SL Green Realty Corporation (NYSE:SLG) Target Price at $114.10
Head-To-Head Survey: Ingles Markets, (IMKTA) vs. Caseys General Stores (CASY)
Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV) and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE:HOT) Head-To-Head Review
Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (ST) vs. CUI Global (CUI) Head-To-Head Survey




 


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.03 (NYSE:NUV)

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 




Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc (NYSE:NUV) announced a monthly dividend on Wednesday, July 5th, Wall Street Journal reports. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of 0.0325 per share by the closed-end fund on Tuesday, August 1st. This represents a $0.39 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.85%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. 
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund has decreased its dividend by an average of 4.2% per year over the last three years. 


 Get Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc alerts:



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund (NYSE NUV) traded up 0.30% during trading on Friday, reaching $10.13. 167,847 shares of the company traded hands. Nuveen Municipal Value Fund has a 52 week low of $9.34 and a 52 week high of $10.79. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $10.06 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.86. The company’s market capitalization is $2.10 billion. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/23/nuveen-amt-free-municipal-value-fund-nysenuv-announces-0-03-monthly-dividend-updated-updated.html. 




About Nuveen Municipal Value Fund
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc (the Fund) is a diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund’s primary objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax by investing primarily in a portfolio of municipal obligations issued by state and local government authorities or certain territories of the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































﻿
































Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.03 (NYSE:NUV) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Contrasting Zep (ZEP) & WD-40 (WDFC)
Contrasting DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) & Engility Holdings (EGL)
Head to Head Review: Lifetime Brands (LCUT) & Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ:HELE)
Internationa Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) versus The Hain Celestial Group (HAIN) Head to Head Analysis
Analysts Set Alio Gold Inc (TMM) Target Price at $0.89
Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (SLAB) Receives $76.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts
SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSNC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA) Position Held by Meyer Handelman Co.
Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of Microsoft Corporation Call Options (MSFT)
eBay Inc. (NASDAQ:EBAY) Given a $42.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts
Analysts Expect Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE:PB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $187.13 Million
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Lowered by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC
$0.60 EPS Expected for HomeStreet, Inc. (NASDAQ:HMST) This Quarter
Spirit of America Management Corp NY Decreases Stake in The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)
Capital Management Corp VA Lowers Position in Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW)
USG Corporation (USG) Receives $31.53 Consensus PT from Brokerages
Brokerages Set SL Green Realty Corporation (NYSE:SLG) Target Price at $114.10
Head-To-Head Survey: Ingles Markets, (IMKTA) vs. Caseys General Stores (CASY)
Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV) and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE:HOT) Head-To-Head Review
Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (ST) vs. CUI Global (CUI) Head-To-Head Survey




 


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.03 (NYSE:NUV)

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 




Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc (NYSE:NUV) announced a monthly dividend on Wednesday, July 5th, Wall Street Journal reports. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of 0.0325 per share by the closed-end fund on Tuesday, August 1st. This represents a $0.39 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.85%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. 
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund has decreased its dividend by an average of 4.2% per year over the last three years. 


 Get Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc alerts:



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund (NYSE NUV) traded up 0.30% during trading on Friday, reaching $10.13. 167,847 shares of the company traded hands. Nuveen Municipal Value Fund has a 52 week low of $9.34 and a 52 week high of $10.79. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $10.06 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.86. The company’s market capitalization is $2.10 billion. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/23/nuveen-amt-free-municipal-value-fund-nysenuv-announces-0-03-monthly-dividend-updated-updated.html. 




About Nuveen Municipal Value Fund
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc (the Fund) is a diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund’s primary objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax by investing primarily in a portfolio of municipal obligations issued by state and local government authorities or certain territories of the United States.







Receive News & Ratings for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




































































		
		
		  Anti-Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund Institutional Investors Sentiment Runs Low in  Q4 2016
		
		
		
		
 

 












































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Privacy Policy






Anti-Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund Institutional Investors Sentiment Runs Low in  Q4 2016


					

						July 24, 2017 - By Maria Brooks


Sentiment for Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund (NYSE:NEA)
Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund (NYSE:NEA) institutional sentiment decreased to 0.87 in Q4 2016. Its down -5.29, from 6.16 in 2016Q3. The ratio dropped, as 54 active investment managers increased or started new equity positions, while 62 reduced and sold equity positions in Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund. The active investment managers in our partner’s database now possess: 28.29 million shares, down from 50.49 million shares in 2016Q3. Also, the number of active investment managers holding Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund in their top 10 equity positions increased from 2 to 3 for an increase of 1. Sold All: 20 Reduced: 42 Increased: 32 New Position: 22.






Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The company has market cap of $3.63 billion. The Fund’s investment objectives are to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax and the alternative minimum tax applicable to individuals and to enhance portfolio value relative to the municipal bond market by investing in tax-exempt municipal bonds that the Fund’s investment advisor believes are underrated or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors that are undervalued. It currently has negative earnings. It invests in municipal securities that are exempt from federal income taxes.
The stock decreased 0.07% or $0.01 on July 24, reaching $13.81. About 417,449 shares traded or 1.67% up from the average. Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) has declined 6.51% since July 24, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 23.21% the S&P500.
Robinson Capital Management Llc holds 5.95% of its portfolio in Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd for 822,079 shares. Rivernorth Capital Management Llc owns 3.06 million shares or 2.66% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Oxbow Advisors Llc has 2.03% invested in the company for 1.22 million shares. The Washington-based Tradewinds Capital Management Llc has invested 1.46% in the stock. Mackay Shields Llc, a New York-based fund reported 1.80 million shares.#img1#
More notable recent Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) news were published by: Businesswire.com which released: “Nuveen Announces Completion of Two Municipal Closed-End Fund Mergers” on September 12, 2016, also Seekingalpha.com with their article: “Nuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines?” published on July 21, 2017, Forbes.com published: “3 Hidden 7%-10% Funds That Put ETFs To Shame” on July 21, 2017. More interesting news about Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) were released by: Seekingalpha.com and their article: “VanEck Vectors CEF Municipal Income ETF – Any Alpha, Or Just Double Fees?” published on July 24, 2017 as well as Finance.Yahoo.com‘s news article titled: “Mackay Shields Llc Buys Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Income Fund, Lennar Corp …” with publication date: January 10, 2017.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










 



Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) EPS Estimated At $0.36


Timpani Capital Management LLC Holding in Lendingtree INC (TREE) Lowered by $3.49 Million


Can analysts adopt a bullish outlook for KNOT Offshore Partners LP (NYSE:KNOP)?


Erin Mccann 2005 Trust Disclosed New 1 800 Flowers Com Inc Position


Canaccord Genuity Has Just Reaffirmed GBX 335.00 Target Price Per Share on Brewin Dolphin Holdings (LON:BRW) stock, While They’ve Also Reiterated Their “Hold” Rating


BASF SE (OTCMKTS:BFFAF)’s Stock Is Sell After More Market Selling


Do Institutional Investors Love Eagle Test Systems Inc (NASDAQ:EGLT)?


Analysts See $0.26 EPS for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA)


As Bp Plc (BP) Market Value Rose, State Street Corp Has Lowered Its Position by $9.63 Million


Here’s how analysts see LABRADOR IRON ORE ROYALTY CORPORATION (TSE:LIF) after this past week.























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle



























		
		
		  Anti-Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund Institutional Investors Sentiment Runs Low in  Q4 2016
		
		
		
		
 

 












































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Privacy Policy






Anti-Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund Institutional Investors Sentiment Runs Low in  Q4 2016


					

						July 24, 2017 - By Maria Brooks


Sentiment for Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund (NYSE:NEA)
Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund (NYSE:NEA) institutional sentiment decreased to 0.87 in Q4 2016. Its down -5.29, from 6.16 in 2016Q3. The ratio dropped, as 54 active investment managers increased or started new equity positions, while 62 reduced and sold equity positions in Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund. The active investment managers in our partner’s database now possess: 28.29 million shares, down from 50.49 million shares in 2016Q3. Also, the number of active investment managers holding Nuveen Amt-free Municipal Income Fund in their top 10 equity positions increased from 2 to 3 for an increase of 1. Sold All: 20 Reduced: 42 Increased: 32 New Position: 22.






Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The company has market cap of $3.63 billion. The Fund’s investment objectives are to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax and the alternative minimum tax applicable to individuals and to enhance portfolio value relative to the municipal bond market by investing in tax-exempt municipal bonds that the Fund’s investment advisor believes are underrated or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors that are undervalued. It currently has negative earnings. It invests in municipal securities that are exempt from federal income taxes.
The stock decreased 0.07% or $0.01 on July 24, reaching $13.81. About 417,449 shares traded or 1.67% up from the average. Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) has declined 6.51% since July 24, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 23.21% the S&P500.
Robinson Capital Management Llc holds 5.95% of its portfolio in Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd for 822,079 shares. Rivernorth Capital Management Llc owns 3.06 million shares or 2.66% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Oxbow Advisors Llc has 2.03% invested in the company for 1.22 million shares. The Washington-based Tradewinds Capital Management Llc has invested 1.46% in the stock. Mackay Shields Llc, a New York-based fund reported 1.80 million shares.#img1#
More notable recent Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) news were published by: Businesswire.com which released: “Nuveen Announces Completion of Two Municipal Closed-End Fund Mergers” on September 12, 2016, also Seekingalpha.com with their article: “Nuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines?” published on July 21, 2017, Forbes.com published: “3 Hidden 7%-10% Funds That Put ETFs To Shame” on July 21, 2017. More interesting news about Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NYSE:NEA) were released by: Seekingalpha.com and their article: “VanEck Vectors CEF Municipal Income ETF – Any Alpha, Or Just Double Fees?” published on July 24, 2017 as well as Finance.Yahoo.com‘s news article titled: “Mackay Shields Llc Buys Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Income Fund, Lennar Corp …” with publication date: January 10, 2017.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










 



Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) EPS Estimated At $0.36


Timpani Capital Management LLC Holding in Lendingtree INC (TREE) Lowered by $3.49 Million


Can analysts adopt a bullish outlook for KNOT Offshore Partners LP (NYSE:KNOP)?


Erin Mccann 2005 Trust Disclosed New 1 800 Flowers Com Inc Position


Canaccord Genuity Has Just Reaffirmed GBX 335.00 Target Price Per Share on Brewin Dolphin Holdings (LON:BRW) stock, While They’ve Also Reiterated Their “Hold” Rating


BASF SE (OTCMKTS:BFFAF)’s Stock Is Sell After More Market Selling


Do Institutional Investors Love Eagle Test Systems Inc (NASDAQ:EGLT)?


Analysts See $0.26 EPS for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA)


As Bp Plc (BP) Market Value Rose, State Street Corp Has Lowered Its Position by $9.63 Million


Here’s how analysts see LABRADOR IRON ORE ROYALTY CORPORATION (TSE:LIF) after this past week.























            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle
























Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund













Сontactos











 Home
/ Negocios
/ Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund 



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund

Rai Favela |
Jueves, Julio 20, 2017







Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund (NYSE:JQC) declared a monthly dividend on Wednesday, July 5th, Wall Street Journal reports.The 14-day ADX for Nuveen Amt-Free Municipal Value Fund (NUW) is now at 25.15. Generally speaking, an ADX value from 0-25 would indicate an absent or weak trend. A value of 25-50 would support a strong trend. A value of 50-75 would signal a very strong trend, and a value of 75-100 would indicate an extremely strong trend. Using the ADX with the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI) may help determine the direction of the trend as well as the overall momentum. Checking in on some other technical levels, the 14-day RSI is now at 49.33, the 7-day stands at 46.00, and the 3-day is sitting at 33.42. Many investors look to the Relative Strength Index (RSI) reading of a particular stock to help identify overbought/oversold conditions. The RSI was developed by J. Welles Wilder. The ADX alone measures trend strength but not direction. Trading and investing can carry a major emotional component. A favorite tool among technical stock analysts is the moving average.
Interested investors may be watching the Williams Percent Range or Williams %R. The Williams %R is a momentum indicator that helps measure oversold and overbought levels. The simple moving average is a mathematical calculation that takes the average price (mean) for a given amount of time. At the time of writing, EOG Resources Inc (EOG) has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of 110.47. The Fund's investment objectives are to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax and the alternative minimum tax applicable to individuals and to enhance portfolio value relative to the municipal bond market by investing in tax-exempt municipal bonds that the Fund's investment advisor believes are underrated or undervalued or that represent municipal market sectors that are undervalued. The Williams %R oscillates in a range from 0 to -100. Many consider the equity oversold if the reading is below -80 and overbought if the indicator is between 0 and -20. On the other hand, a reading of -100 would imply that the stock is oversold and possibly set for a rally. The CCI was created to typically stay within the reading of -100 to +100. Investors will commonly use Williams %R in conjunction with other trend indicators to help spot possible stock turning points. Technical traders may want to still keep tabs on the fundamentals, and vice-versa.




Latest News
 

Mayor balks at MTA's 50-50 split plan for subway improvements



Meg Whitman in Uber's new CEO short list



Woof woof! Man arrested for naming his dog Buhari acquitted



(Neb)-Ex-Cops Charged In Death Of Man Tazed 12 Times



Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Shares Bought by Creative Planning



Guajardo presentará mañana avances sobre TLCAN



Reino Unido prohibirá autos a diésel y gasolina



Incrementa 2,2% actividad económica de México



Lloyds PPI mis-selling bill rises to £18.2bn



¡Tim Burton visitará México en diciembre!



Bancos Security, Bice e Internacional demandan ante el TDLC a BancoEstado



Avianca suspenderá sus vuelos desde y hacia Venezuela a partir de agosto



AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Invests $12.70 Million in Teck Resources Ltd (TECK)



Sensex Up 232 Points In Early Trade; Nifty Rises 70 Points











Jueves, Julio 27, 2017  





Popular news



Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc 
				After $0.60 actual EPS reported by Phillips 66 Partners LP for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 18.33% EPS growth. Investment House LLC purchased a new stake in Phillips 66 Partners during the first quarter valued at about $200,000.


Whelan completes move to Aston Villa 
				He has won 81 caps for his country in that time and could also team up with fellow global Conor Hourihane in the Villa engine room.


Man United set to give up pursuit of Tottenham star 
				One player who United could then turn to is Nemanja Matic, with the player left out of Chelsea's pre-season tour, and rumours of an exit swirling.


TransCanada Corporation (TRP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows 
				After $-0.16 actual EPS reported by Amber Road Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 25.00% negative EPS growth. Eqis Capital Management, Inc. cut its stake by shedding 1,643 shares a decrease of 21.6% from 03/31/2017 to 06/30/2017.


Singaporean woman rescued from kidnappers in the Philippines 
				Two Malaysians, along with 42 Chinese suspects, were arrested after her rescue and would be charged with kidnapping , police said. Yan was forcibly taken by three male and one female at Solaire Resort and Casino, Pasay City.


Ventas de Gruma crecen 7% impulsadas por EU y México 
				El principal productor de harina de maíz en el mundo expuso que su Ebitda estuvo impulsada, principalmente, por sus operaciones en Estados Unidos y México , lo que derivó en una margen Ebitda de 16.3%, el mayor nunca antes reportado por la empresa.


What Do Analysts Say About Office Depot, Inc. (ODP) 
				State Treasurer State Of Michigan holds 0.01% or 212,800 shares. 12,256 are held by Susquehanna Intl Ltd Liability Partnership. The company has market cap of $5.35 billion. 14,700 are owned by Teachers Retirement Systems Of The State Of Kentucky.


Pickup truck driver purposely hit traffic controller 
				Witnesses told police the driver purposely swerved toward the guard, striking them in the head with the mirror of the truck. A traffic controller was hit by a speeding vehicle Wednesday while directing traffic near the San Diego Convention Center .


Moon dust heading to auction after galactic court battle 
				In December, a federal judge ruled that it legally belonged to a Chicago-area woman who bought it at the auction for $1,255. The 12-by-8½-inch (30-by-20-centimeter) bag was misidentified and sold at an online government auction.


Lacalle Pou objeta uso del fondo energético 
				Agrega Lacalle Pou que no solo no bajaron las tarifas sino que tampoco se han realizado algunas inversiones necesarias para mejorar el tendido de la red eléctrica.


Democrats File Resolution of No Confidence Against President Trump 
				Representative Steve Cohen explained that the motion questions Trump's fitness to serve as the commander in chief. Congress can only remove a president through impeachment; therefore a no-confidence motion would be non-binding.


Xenia Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:XHR) Analyst's Long Term Pick 
				The share price has moved forward from its 20 days moving average 0.67% and positively from its 50 days moving average 2.08%. Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) have shown a high EPS growth of -14.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 139.10% yoy.


Iranians claim all javelin F57 medals in London 
				The silver trophy by Motaghian marked Iran's seven medal so far in the prestigious global extravaganza. The bronze medal went to an athlete from Germany who settled 20 meters and 57 centimeters.


Theresa May 'likely' to be Prime Minister until 2022 — Liam Fox 
				The minister said: "You can not leave the European Union and be in the single market and the customs union". The UK could agree to stay in the EEA for five years, for example.


Samsung's Bixby assistant finally comes to the Galaxy S8 and S8 
				Apart from this, Samsung is speculated to include its Bixby digital voice assistant with the flagship smartphone as well. On the storage front, the device is speculated to offer 6GB of RAM along with 128GB of internal storage as well.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Mayor balks at MTA's 50-50 split plan for subway improvements




Meg Whitman in Uber's new CEO short list




Woof woof! Man arrested for naming his dog Buhari acquitted




(Neb)-Ex-Cops Charged In Death Of Man Tazed 12 Times




Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Shares Bought by Creative Planning




Guajardo presentará mañana avances sobre TLCAN




Reino Unido prohibirá autos a diésel y gasolina




Incrementa 2,2% actividad económica de México




Lloyds PPI mis-selling bill rises to £18.2bn




¡Tim Burton visitará México en diciembre!




Avianca suspenderá sus vuelos desde y hacia Venezuela a partir de agosto




AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Invests $12.70 Million in Teck Resources Ltd (TECK)




Adele Climbs U.K. Rich List, Paul McCartney Still On Top




McDonald's, Cinnabon, Hooters offer Tax Day freebies




Flow battery could run for more than 10 years













	NUW - Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund | Nuveen











































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF



			
	Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund
	
		(NYSE: NUW)





XClose










Overview
Fund Data
Distributions
Pricing
Performance
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature







Glossary




Fund Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Semi-Annual Report


Subscribe







Fund Literature
Click "Subscribe" to receive literature updates as soon as they are available by email.



 DocumentAudienceSubscribe



									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - June 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - June 2017
								

Investor




									Municipal Market Recap and Outlook
								
 -- Economic outlook with information concerning our economy, along with inflation, interest rates, municipal bond supply and demand, and credit conditions.
Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - May 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - May 2017
								

Investor




									Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders - August 2, 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - April 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - April 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund (NUW) 1Q17 Fact Sheet
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Closed-End Fund Product Actions & Updates 1Q 2017
								
 -- Quarterly overview of fund actions and updates: distributions and leverage 
Investor
Subscribe




									Municipal Market: Positive Momentum to Continue
								
 -- Co-Head of Fixed Income John Miller comments on the municipal markets over the past quarter.
Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - March 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - March 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - February 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - February 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - February 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Fund Portfolio Holdings - January 2017
								

Investor




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds UNII and Earnings Information - January 2017
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Understanding UNII Balances
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions - September 2016
								

Investor
Subscribe




									Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Distributions - August 2016
								

Investor








An investment in this fund presents a number of risks and is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with this fund, please view the Overview tab.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
22835-INV-Y-02/18



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds


































 Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund (NUW) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund
 NUW


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






BBgBarc Municipal 20 Yr 17-22 TR USD





BBgBarc Municipal 20 Yr 17-22 TR USD



MPT Benchmark


BBgBarc Municipal TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


BBgBarc Municipal TR USD





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


BBgBarc Municipal 20 Yr 17-22 TR USD







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Muni National Long


Muni National Long


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation NUW





 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 06/30/2017








Cash
0.29
—
0.29
—
-1.86






US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.00






Non US Stock
0.00
—
0.00
—
0.00






Bond
99.07
—
99.07
—
103.49






Other
0.64
—
0.64
—
-1.63








 
 


 















Style Details NUW





Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 06/30/2017







2017
—
99



2016
—
100



2015

95



2014

98



2013

100





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 06/30/2017








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	BBB





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

7





Average Weighted Price
                        	

102








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
28
—
—










AA
30
—
—






A
23
—
—








BBB
12
—
—








BB
0
—
—








B
6
—
—








Below B
0
—
—








Not Rated
1
—
—








As of 06/30/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings NUW





Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Municipal
99.49
—
98.04












State and Local General Obligation
4.34
—
17.37








Advance Refunded
30.85
—
9.95








Tobacco
6.07
—
1.79








Education
10.20
—
9.31








Health
14.21
—
13.60








Housing
2.20
—
0.99








Industrial
11.29
—
6.09








Transportation
8.91
—
19.66








Utilities
7.83
—
7.26








Water & Sewer
3.59
—
4.54








Miscellaneous Revenue
0.00
—
7.48








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
0.29
—
0.65








 
 
 
 






Other
0.22
—
1.31








As of 06/30/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
22.20
—
4.84











0% to 4%
1.67
—
2.42








4% to 6%
45.90
—
79.49








6% to 8%
24.48
—
11.94








8% to 10%
0.48
—
0.71








10% to 12%
2.13
—
0.00








More than 12%
3.14
—
0.63








As of 06/30/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 NUW
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
100.00
—
100.00







 






As of 06/30/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 NUW
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
0.54
—
3.44







3 to 5 Years
0.00
—
3.25







5 to 7 Years
2.98
—
3.73







7 to 10 Years
3.32
—
6.91







10 to 15 Years
10.79
—
5.46







15 to 20 Years
23.06
—
13.72







20 to 30 Years
55.14
—
56.22







Over 30 Years
4.17
—
6.57







 






As of 06/30/2017













Bond Duration NUW











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          





Effective Duration

	   				7.63
          

	   				8.41
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 06/30/2017




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				—
          





Effective Maturity

	   				21.51
          












Bond Call Profile
	
	 NUW
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
20.44
—
—







5 Year +
11.75
—
—







Non-Callable
17.37
—
—







 






As of 06/30/2016



 






















Bond State Breakdown
		
		
		 NUW














% Bonds

	            	Benchmark
	            

	            	Category Avg
	            

United States



























N/C
0-5
5-10
10-20
20-50
>50






California
13.88

—
	            

	            11.04










Illinois
12.29

—
	            

	            11.87










Texas
8.87

—
	            

	            13.47










Ohio
6.33

—
	            

	            3.49










Colorado
5.59

—
	            

	            5.45










New Jersey
5.58

—
	            

	            2.78










Indiana
5.41

—
	            

	            0.41










Wisconsin
4.77

—
	            

	            0.07










Florida
4.41

—
	            

	            6.47










Louisiana
3.65

—
	            

	            0.75










Nevada
3.62

—
	            

	            1.07










Arizona
3.43

—
	            

	            3.49










New York
3.29

—
	            

	            13.36










Virginia
2.62

—
	            

	            0.23










Maryland
2.43

—
	            

	            1.27










Georgia
2.16

—
	            

	            2.26










Iowa
2.00

—
	            

	            0.24










South Carolina
1.63

—
	            

	            2.08










Rhode Island
1.43

—
	            

	            0.04










North Carolina
1.36

—
	            

	            1.17










Washington
1.00

—
	            

	            0.77










Oklahoma
0.93

—
	            

	            0.05










West Virginia
0.73

—
	            

	            2.20










Minnesota
0.57

—
	            

	            0.85










Kentucky
0.57

—
	            

	            1.20










Massachusetts
0.53

—
	            

	            3.23










Alaska
0.36

—
	            

	            0.08










Utah
0.33

—
	            

	            0.28










Nebraska
0.23

—
	            

	            0.00










 






As of 06/30/2017



 




















	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 


  NUW Quote - Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund   NUW:US   New York        17.34USD   0.09   0.52%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   17.28    Day Range   17.25 - 17.34    Previous Close   17.25    52Wk Range   15.99 - 19.88    1 Yr Return   -4.51%    YTD Return   9.32%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   17.28    Day Range   17.25 - 17.34    Volume   10,543    Previous Close   17.25    52Wk Range   15.99 - 19.88    1 Yr Return   -3.39%    YTD Return   9.32%    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   16.97999954    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   251.950    Inception Date   02/25/2009    Premium/Discount   2.12%    Average 52-Week Premium   1.59%    Fund Managers   DANIEL J CLOSE    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.06    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   4.15%    Expense Ratio   0.71%    3 Mo Return   3.06%    3 Yr Return   6.79%    5 Yr Return   4.02%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        69753RCY:MUN   PALOMAR POMERADO    10.20 k 12.16 m 4.64      27677SAW:MUN   ESTRN MUNI WTR DT-D    10.00 k 11.81 m 4.51      5604253N:MUN   ME HLTH/HGR ED-SER A    10.00 k 10.69 m 4.08      59333PVZ:MUN   MIAMI-DADE CO ARPT-A    9.50 k 10.34 m 3.95      977100CA:MUN   WI GEN SER A    9.00 k 9.81 m 3.75      799561KM:MUN   SAN YSIDRO SD-CABS-G    12.96 k 6.56 m 2.50      517732CM:MUN   LAS VEGAS REDEV-A    5.42 k 6.13 m 2.34      118217AT:MUN   BUCKEYE TOB ASSET-A-2    5.91 k 5.91 m 2.26      5742182Q:MUN   MD HLTH & HGR EDU-A    5.00 k 5.65 m 2.16      66285WDX:MUN   N TEX TWY-F-TOLL 2ND    5.44 k 5.57 m 2.13           Profile   Nuveen Municipal Value Fund 2 is a diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA.  The Fund's objective is to enchance portfolio value and total return. The Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in municipal securities, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income tax.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              

NUW Stock Price - Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Marijuana company High Times is going public






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,676


30


0.14%











S&P F

2,478.50


5.25


0.21%











NASDAQ F

5,990.00


42.00


0.71%











Gold

1,269.50


13.90


1.11%











Silver

16.78


0.321


1.95%











Crude Oil

48.56


-0.19


-0.39%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:09a

Updated
U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000



9:09a

Amazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session



9:08a

Amazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close



9:07a

Marijuana media company High Times is going public



9:02a

Updated
Trump has kept his promises — to Wall Street



9:00a

Millions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue



9:00a

Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks



8:58a

UPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing



8:57a

Alpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann



8:57a

Updated
Stock market set to extend records, led by Facebook












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


NUW


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



NUW
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund

Watchlist 
CreateNUWAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
17.34



0.09
0.52%






Previous Close




$17.2500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




38.14% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10.5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 27.6K
            





Open: 17.28
Close: 17.34



17.2463
Day Low/High
17.3400





Day Range



16.0000
52 Week Low/High
19.8900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$17.28



Day Range
17.2463 - 17.3400



52 Week Range
16.0000 - 19.8900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
14.65M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.10



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
4.15%



Dividend
$0.06



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
27.26K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
27.64K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.52%







1 Month


0.70%







3 Month


2.00%







YTD


6.64%







1 Year


-8.50%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Why high-yielding muni bond funds are falling

Apr. 12, 2013 at 5:25 p.m. ET
by Jonnelle Marte













Investors Beware: Closed-End Funds Trading At A Premium


Mar. 10, 2008 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Municipal Bond Market Weekly - July 18, 2017
Municipal Bond Market Weekly - July 18, 2017

Jul. 23, 2017 at 7:57 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Market Weekly - June 27, 2017
Municipal Bond Market Weekly - June 27, 2017

Jul. 3, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 2017 Municipal Credit
Q2 2017 Municipal Credit

Jul. 1, 2017 at 7:19 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)
Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

Jun. 12, 2017 at 6:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis
As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis

Jun. 12, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:02 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Downgrades: Lessons From Illinois And Connecticut
Muni Downgrades: Lessons From Illinois And Connecticut

Jun. 5, 2017 at 6:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Market Set For Wave Of Cash
Muni Market Set For Wave Of Cash

Jun. 1, 2017 at 10:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Sometimes It's Where You Don't Go
Sometimes It's Where You Don't Go

Jun. 1, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fixed Income Market Views
Fixed Income Market Views

May. 18, 2017 at 6:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 10, 2017 at 12:43 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Closed-End Fund Update - May
Municipal Closed-End Fund Update - May

May. 8, 2017 at 3:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Puerto Rico Bankruptcy - Historic... But Not Unexpected
Puerto Rico Bankruptcy - Historic... But Not Unexpected

May. 5, 2017 at 1:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





At The Borderline
At The Borderline

May. 4, 2017 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Puerto Rico Triggers Largest Ever U.S. Muni Bankruptcy Process
Puerto Rico Triggers Largest Ever U.S. Muni Bankruptcy Process

May. 4, 2017 at 4:04 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Market Weekly
Municipal Bond Market Weekly

May. 3, 2017 at 4:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Quick Take On The Trump Plan


Apr. 28, 2017 at 4:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Defaults, While Rare, Do Occur


Apr. 27, 2017 at 12:21 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Taxation Of Municipal Bonds?


Apr. 20, 2017 at 9:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








CLF

-1.65%








AMZN

1.24%








SNAP

-3.53%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Marijuana company High Times is going public »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:10 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks to expand into legal marijuana market
8:52aWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
8:52aHigh Times publisher agrees to be merged with Origo in deal valued about $250 mln
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Marijuana company High Times is going public »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:10 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks to expand into legal marijuana market
8:52aWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
8:52aHigh Times publisher agrees to be merged with Origo in deal valued about $250 mln
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Marijuana company High Times is going public »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:10 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:09aU.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000
9:09aAmazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session
9:09aAmazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close
9:07aMarijuana media company High Times is going public
9:02aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
9:00aBitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks
9:00aMillions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue
8:58aUPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing
8:58aAlpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann
8:57aStock market set to extend records, led by Facebook
8:56aFacebook stock price target raised to $170 from $150 at BMO Capital
8:56aCaterpillar stock price target raised to $130 from $125 at BMO Capital
8:55aU.S. goods deficit falls 3.7% in June to $63.9B
8:55aOrigo shares halted premarket
8:54aOrigo to pay for High Times publisher by issuing 23.4 mln new Origo shares
8:53aTwitter's stock extends loss, tumbles 10.5% premarket as post-earnings conference call ends
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks further accretive acquisitions
8:53aHigh Times publisher seeks to expand into legal marijuana market
8:52aWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
8:52aHigh Times publisher agrees to be merged with Origo in deal valued about $250 mln
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































NUW Stock Price - Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Marijuana company High Times is going public






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,676


30


0.14%











S&P F

2,478.50


5.25


0.21%











NASDAQ F

5,990.00


42.00


0.71%











Gold

1,269.40


13.80


1.10%











Silver

16.78


0.321


1.95%











Crude Oil

48.56


-0.19


-0.39%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:09a

Updated
U.S. jobless claims climb 10,000 to 244,000



9:09a

Amazon's stock on track to hit record high for 4th-straight session



9:08a

Amazon's stock surges 1.5% in premarket trade ahead of Q2 results after the close



9:07a

Marijuana media company High Times is going public



9:02a

Updated
Trump has kept his promises — to Wall Street



9:00a

Millions of men are suffering in silence over this upsetting career issue



9:00a

Bitcoin isn’t real, and markets are darn hot, warns Howard Marks



8:58a

UPS delivers on growing demand, better pricing



8:57a

Alpine Immune Services started at buy with $17 stock price target at Ladenburg Thalmann



8:57a

Updated
Stock market set to extend records, led by Facebook












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


NUW


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



NUW
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund

Watchlist 
CreateNUWAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 4:02 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
17.34



0.09
0.52%






Previous Close




$17.2500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




38.14% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10.5K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 27.6K
            





Open: 17.28
Close: 17.34



17.2463
Day Low/High
17.3400





Day Range



16.0000
52 Week Low/High
19.8900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$17.28



Day Range
17.2463 - 17.3400



52 Week Range
16.0000 - 19.8900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
14.65M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.10



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
4.15%



Dividend
$0.06



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
27.26K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
27.64K




 


Performance




5 Day


0.52%







1 Month


0.70%







3 Month


2.00%







YTD


6.64%







1 Year


-8.50%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Why high-yielding muni bond funds are falling

Apr. 12, 2013 at 5:25 p.m. ET
by Jonnelle Marte













Investors Beware: Closed-End Funds Trading At A Premium


Mar. 10, 2008 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Municipal Bond Market Weekly - July 18, 2017
Municipal Bond Market Weekly - July 18, 2017

Jul. 23, 2017 at 7:57 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow
Nuveen monthly distribution on funds goes ex-dividend tomorrow

Jul. 11, 2017 at 1:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Market Weekly - June 27, 2017
Municipal Bond Market Weekly - June 27, 2017

Jul. 3, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Q2 2017 Municipal Credit
Q2 2017 Municipal Credit

Jul. 1, 2017 at 7:19 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)
Hope For The Best But Prepare For The Worst (With Gold And Munis)

Jun. 12, 2017 at 6:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis
As Defaults Mount And Loom, It May Be Time To Dust Off Meredith Whitney's Analysis

Jun. 12, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 5, 2017 at 1:02 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Downgrades: Lessons From Illinois And Connecticut
Muni Downgrades: Lessons From Illinois And Connecticut

Jun. 5, 2017 at 6:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Muni Market Set For Wave Of Cash
Muni Market Set For Wave Of Cash

Jun. 1, 2017 at 10:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Sometimes It's Where You Don't Go
Sometimes It's Where You Don't Go

Jun. 1, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fixed Income Market Views
Fixed Income Market Views

May. 18, 2017 at 6:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds
Nuveen declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 10, 2017 at 12:43 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Closed-End Fund Update - May
Municipal Closed-End Fund Update - May

May. 8, 2017 at 3:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Puerto Rico Bankruptcy - Historic... But Not Unexpected
Puerto Rico Bankruptcy - Historic... But Not Unexpected

May. 5, 2017 at 1:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





At The Borderline
At The Borderline

May. 4, 2017 at 8:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Puerto Rico Triggers Largest Ever U.S. Muni Bankruptcy Process
Puerto Rico Triggers Largest Ever U.S. Muni Bankruptcy Process

May. 4, 2017 at 4:04 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Bond Market Weekly
Municipal Bond Market Weekly

May. 3, 2017 at 4:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Quick Take On The Trump Plan


Apr. 28, 2017 at 4:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Municipal Defaults, While Rare, Do Occur


Apr. 27, 2017 at 12:21 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Taxation Of Municipal Bonds?


Apr. 20, 2017 at 9:06 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Several Nuveen Closed-End Funds Declare Capital Gains


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:38 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








CLF

-1.65%








AMZN

1.24%








SNAP

-3.53%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











  NEA Quote - Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund   NEA:US   New York        13.84USD   0.05   0.36%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/26/2017     Open   13.78    Day Range   13.78 - 13.87    Previous Close   13.79    52Wk Range   12.94 - 15.18    1 Yr Return   -2.35%    YTD Return   7.15%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   13.78    Day Range   13.78 - 13.87    Volume   640,296    Previous Close   13.79    52Wk Range   12.94 - 15.18    1 Yr Return   -2.09%    YTD Return   7.15%    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   15.05000019    Total Assets (b USD) (on 07/26/2017)   3.956    Inception Date   11/21/2002    Premium/Discount   -8.04%    Average 52-Week Premium   -8.26%    Fund Managers   CHRISTOPHER L DRAHN    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.062    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   5.38%    Expense Ratio   1.77%    3 Mo Return   3.85%    3 Yr Return   6.90%    5 Yr Return   3.52%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        5178406B:MUN   LAS VEGAS VLY WTR DT    59.06 k 67.36 m 1.10      38611TAD:MUN   GRAND PARKWAY-B    58.37 k 66.62 m 1.08      88283KAZ:MUN   TEXAS TRANSPRTN-C-REF    48.91 k 53.98 m 0.88      592643BM:MUN   MET DC ARPT-CONV CABS    32.00 k 41.50 m 0.67      181006FT:MUN   CLARK PASS FAC-ARPT-A    35.86 k 38.76 m 0.63      118217AR:MUN   BUCKEYE TOB ASSET-A-2    37.17 k 36.16 m 0.59      798111GK:MUN   SAN JOAQUIN TRANS-A    32.73 k 35.92 m 0.58      47770VAK:MUN   JOBSOHIO BEVERAGE-A    29.47 k 32.98 m 0.54      39081JAA:MUN   GREAT LAKES MI WTR AU    27.96 k 31.78 m 0.52      547804AE:MUN   LOWER AL GAS DIST GAS    25.89 k 31.60 m 0.51           Profile   Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund is a diversified, closed-end mana- gement investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax.  The Fund invests in tax-exempt municipal bonds that the Fund's adviser believes are underrated or undervalued.    Address  Nuveen Funds333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606   Phone  1-312-917-7700   Website   www.nuveen.com              

Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:10 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets of the United States. The fund makes its investments in the securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests its assets in a portfolio of municipal securities. The fund uses value oriented strategy to make its investments. It employs a fundamental analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. Nuveen AMT-Free Muni...
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets of the United States. The fund makes its investments in the securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests its assets in a portfolio of municipal securities. The fund uses value oriented strategy to make its investments. It employs a fundamental analysis with a combination of top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund was formed on November 19, 2008 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


333 West Wacker DriveChicago, IL 60606United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 312-917-7700

Fax: 312-917-6912

www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?FundCode=NUW&refsrc=vu_nuveen.com/nuw







Key Executives for Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund




Mr. Stephen D. Foy


      	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Walter M. Kelly


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Scott S. Grace


      	Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Kevin J. McCarthy


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 51
        







Ms. Kathleen L. Prudhomme


      	Vice President and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 64
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund Key Developments

Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Tax-Free Distribution, Payable on August 1, 2017
Jul 3 17
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund has declared a regular monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0600 per unit. The dividend is payable on August 1, 2017 to the unit holders of record on July 14, 2017 and ex-dividend date is July 12, 2017.


Nuveen Amt-Free Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on July 3, 2017
Jun 1 17
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund declared monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0600 per unit payable on July 3, 2017 to the unit holders of record on June 15, 2017 and ex-dividend date is June 13, 2017.


Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund Declares Monthly Dividend, Payable on June 1, 2017
May 1 17
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund declared monthly tax-free distribution of $0.0600 per unit payable on June 1, 2017 for the holders of record date on May 15, 2017. Ex-dividend date is May 11, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund, please visit www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?FundCode=NUW&refsrc=vu_nuveen.com/nuw.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Value Fund (TRVLX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Value Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRVLX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$37.26
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								10.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$32.22
							
							-
							
								$37.30
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$24,364.55

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Value Fund among 
1091,
1091,
936
and 
681
Large Value
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital appreciation by investing in common stocks believed to be undervalued. Income is a secondary objective.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					17.93%
				
			

				
					17.93%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.11%
				
			

				
					7.11%
				
			


5 Years

				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.62%
				
			

				
					6.62%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 11.07%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							11.07%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.82%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














nuveen value fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Muni Bond Fund - Columbia Threadneedle



Ad
 ·
www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/​MunicipalFund



Pursue Tax-Exempt Income In All Markets. Discover Our Agile Approach.





Consistency Is Beautiful



Our Philosophy



About Us




At Columbia Threadneedle



Consistency Is Beautiful



About Us





Nuveen Mutual Funds - Search Nuveen Mutual Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Nuveen Mutual Funds



Search multiple engines for nuveen mutual funds




Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund - Find It All Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund/​Now



Find Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related tonuveen value fund



nuveen funds website


nuveen muni funds


nuveen mutual funds performance


nuveen funds tax center



nuveen tax free bond funds


nuveen municipal bond funds


nuveen investments


nuveen mutual funds prospectus




Web Results

NUV - Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc. | Nuveen

https://www.nuveen.com/CEF/Product/Overview.aspx?FundCode=NUV&...


Objective The fund's primary objective is current income exempt from federal income taxes and its secondary objective is the enhancement of portfolio value through ...


Nuveen Dividend Value Fund Overview | Mutual Funds | Nuveen

https://www.nuveen.com/MutualFunds/Product/Overview.aspx?fundcode=FEI


Nuveen. The Nuveen Family of Funds delivers excellence across every major asset class through focused teams of independent investment affiliates backed by Nuveen’s ...


Mutual Funds | Nuveen

https://nuveen.com/MutualFunds/Default.aspx


Mutual Funds Education; Overview; ... Nuveen Santa Barbara Dividend Growth Fund Commentary; Nuveen Symphony Credit ... Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our ...


Nuveen Small Cap Value Fund (FSCAX) - U.S. News: Money

https://money.usnews.com/.../nuveen-small-cap-value-fund/fscax


See Nuveen Small Cap Value Fund (FSCAX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Nuveen Small Cap Value Fund performance, holdings, fees ...


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Celebrates 30 Years of ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nuveen-municipal-value-fund...


To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Nuveen Municipal Value Fund , Nuveen will ring the Opening Bell at the New York Stock Exchange on June 27th. Managed by Dan ...


NUV Stock Price - Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc. Stock ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/NUV


Nuveen Municipal Value Fund Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


FFEIX View All - Nuveen Dividend Value Fund Class A ...

https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/view-all/670678887


Analyze the Nuveen Dividend Value Fund Class A (FFEIX) and perform mutual fund research on other mutual funds. Learn more about mutual funds at fidelity.com.


FAQIX Fund - Nuveen Dividend Value Fund;I Overview ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/fund/FAQIX


Mutual fund overview for Nuveen Dividend Value Fund;I (FAQIX), from MarketWatch.


Nuveen Dividend Value Fund (FFEIX) - money.usnews.com

https://money.usnews.com/.../nuveen-dividend-value-fund/ffeix


See Nuveen Dividend Value Fund (FFEIX) mutual fund ratings from all the top fund analysts in one place. See Nuveen Dividend Value Fund performance, holdings, fees ...


Nuveen Dividend Value Fund - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/FFEFX:US


Performance charts for Nuveen Dividend Value Fund (FFEFX) including intraday, historical and comparison charts, technical analysis and trend lines.










Muni Bond Fund - Columbia Threadneedle



Ad
 ·
www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/​MunicipalFund



Pursue Tax-Exempt Income In All Markets. Discover Our Agile Approach.





Consistency Is Beautiful



Our Philosophy



About Us




At Columbia Threadneedle



Consistency Is Beautiful



About Us





Nuveen Mutual Funds - Search Nuveen Mutual Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Nuveen Mutual Funds



Search multiple engines for nuveen mutual funds




Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund - Find It All Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund/​Now



Find Nuveen Tax Free Bond Fund Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tonuveen value fund



nuveen funds website


nuveen muni funds


nuveen mutual funds performance


nuveen funds tax center



nuveen tax free bond funds


nuveen municipal bond funds


nuveen investments


nuveen mutual funds prospectus




12345Next






Answers







Stable value fund



A stable value fund is a type of investment available in 401(k) plans and other defined contribution plans as well as some 529 or tuition assistance...

more






Closed-end fund



different from the underlying value or net asset value (NAV) per share of the investments held by the fund. The price is said to be at a discount or...

more






Stock fund



all or most of their profits for research and development rather than pay dividends. Growth funds are focused on generating capital gains rather than...

more










nuveen value fund News






Nuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines?



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 21


Over the last few articles we have looked at and updated a number of closed end fixed income funds articles. One of the funds that we mentioned as a comparison for the Blackrock Municipal Income...

more





Nuveen Build America Bond Fund: The Bigger, Better, Build America...



All Articles on Seeking Alpha

 - Jul 25


Over the last few years I have written Build America Bonds, a subset of taxable municipal bonds. We have done in-depth looks into a number of such investments like the Nuveen Build America Bonds...

more





Growth versus value investing in mutual funds



The Economic Times - India Front...

 - Jul 20


... categories , but the two primary classifications are `growth' and `value'. It is important for investors to know the difference between growth fund and value fund to be able to build an investment...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































