










 




	PCM0003 | Prospect Cyclical Momentum Portfolio, Series 3 | UIT | Nuveen





































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us














Unit Trusts



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



UIT



Prospect Cyclical Momentum Portfolio, Series 3







Holdings
Pricing
Performance
Distributions











Portfolio Holdings




NameSymbolSectorWeight

Bridgestone Corporation BRDCYConsumer Discretionary5.04 %

Continental AktiengesellschaftCTTAYConsumer Discretionary5.01 %

The Goodyear Tire & Rubber CompanyGTConsumer Discretionary4.97 %

O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.ORLYConsumer Discretionary4.95 %

AutoZone, Inc.AZOConsumer Discretionary4.79 %

Delta Air Lines, Inc.DALIndustrials3.15 %

FedEx CorporationFDXIndustrials3.15 %

Alaska Air Group, Inc.ALKIndustrials3.15 %

United Continental Holdings Inc.UALIndustrials3.15 %

United Parcel Service, Inc.UPSIndustrials3.14 %

Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.NCLHConsumer Discretionary3.14 %

JetBlue Airways CorporationJBLUIndustrials3.12 %

Carnival CorporationCCLConsumer Discretionary3.12 %

The Sherwin-Williams CompanySHWMaterials2.88 %

Crown Holdings, Inc.CCKMaterials2.86 %

RPM International Inc.RPMMaterials2.86 %

Sealed Air CorporationSEEMaterials2.86 %

Ball CorporationBLLMaterials2.86 %

Masco CorporationMASIndustrials2.86 %

Berry Plastics Group, Inc.BERYMaterials2.85 %

Costco Wholesale CorporationCOSTConsumer Staples2.82 %

PepsiCo, Inc.PEPConsumer Staples2.80 %

Altria Group, Inc.MOConsumer Staples2.79 %

Nestle S.A.NSRGYConsumer Staples2.78 %

Tyson Foods, Inc.TSNConsumer Staples2.78 %

Dollar General CorporationDGConsumer Discretionary2.77 %

Burlington Stores, Inc.BURLConsumer Discretionary2.76 %

Hormel Foods CorporationHRLConsumer Staples2.75 %

Target CorporationTGTConsumer Discretionary2.73 %

Valero Energy CorporationVLOEnergy2.56 %

Tesoro CorporationTSOEnergy2.55 %








Data used for the Portfolio Holdings and Portfolio Allocation Characteristics is from Bloomberg Finance L.P. Portfolio holdings are provided for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell individual securities. Portfolio Holdings and Portfolio Allocation Characteristics are as of deposit day and are subject to change and may vary thereafter.
The style and capitalization characteristics are designed to help investors understand how they fit into an overall investment plan. Value, blend and growth are types of investment styles. Growth Investing generally seeks stocks that offer the potential for greater-than-average earnings growth, and may entail greater risk than value or blend investing. Value investing generally seeks stocks that may be sound investments but are temporarily out of favor in the marketplace, and may entail less risk than growth investing. A blend investment combines the two styles. Market capitalization is determined by the following criteria: Large Cap: Greater than $10 billion, Mid Cap: $2 billion-$10 billion, Small Cap: $250 million-$2 billion Micro Cap: Below $250 million.


This material is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.


Risk Considerations
				There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust. This trust terminates approximately two years from the initial date of deposit.

				Investing in the trust units may involve a high degree of risk and is highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in trust units may not be suitable for someone with low risk tolerance.

				Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any issuer’s dividend may vary from time to time.

				Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

				Stocks of mid-cap companies are often more volatile than those of larger companies as a result of several factors such as limited trading volumes, products or financial resources, management inexperience and less publicly available information.

				A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
				 
				This trust is concentrated in the consumer products sectors. Some of the general risks of companies in the consumer products sectors include cyclicality of revenues and earnings, economic recession, currency fluctuations, changing consumer tastes, extensive competition, product liability litigation and increased government regulation.

				No one can predict whether oil and natural gas prices will rise or fall in the future. This may have an adverse impact on the value of certain securities in the Trust and on the value of your units. Oil and natural gas prices are strongly affected by oil and gas supply and demand, government regulations and policies, oil and gas production and conservation efforts, and technological change. The oil and gas industry is cyclical and from time to time may experience a shortage of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, or qualified personnel, or due to significant demand, such as services, may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. Prices and supplies of oil and gas may fluctuate significantly over short and long periods of time due to national and international charges, OPEC policies, changes in relationships among OPEC members, and between OPEC and oil importing nations, the regulatory environment, taxation policies, and the economies of key energy-consuming countries. Disruptions in the oil subindustry or shifts in energy consumption may significantly impact oil and gas prices.

				NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

				Incapital Unit Trust, Series 124, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Prospect Cyclical Momentum Portfolio, Series 3. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

S&P GSCI Crude Oil Index provides investors with a benchmark for investment performance in the crude oil market. S&P 500 Transportation Index tracks the performance of S&P 500 stocks in the transportation industry. S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index tracks the performance of companies included in the S&P 500 that are classified as members of the consumer discretionary sector. S&P 500 Specialty Chemicals Index tracks the performance of S&P 500 stocks in the specialty chemicals industry.

				Prospect Capital Management L.P. provides the trust with portfolio consulting services. Prospect Capital Management L.P. is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen, LLC. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, LLC. All marketing materials have been prepared by Nuveen.








Trust Summary





Trust NameProspect Cyclical Momentum Portfolio, Series 3

Series NameSeries 3

Trust SymbolPCM0003

Nasdaq SymbolINPCBX

Trust StatusSecondary

Initial Offer Date03/21/2016

Termination Date03/19/2018

First Income Record Date06/10/2016

Distibution FrequencySemi-annually

Tax StructureRIC

Liquidation Price1$10.2301

Cash CUSIP45336A107

Reinvest CUSIP45336A115

Fee Cash CUSIP45336A123

Fee Reinvest CUSIP45336A131





1. Represents the value per unit that a unitholder would receive if the unitholder redeemed or sold units.  This price is equal to the net asset value per unit plus any remaining organization costs and creation & development fee.  This price reflects any remaining non-contingent deferred sales charges payable in connection with a liquidation of units.





















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Investing involves risk; principal loss is possible.  There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objectives.  An investment in a unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them.  Accordingly, you can lose money investing in a trust.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.






					

	189438-INV-AN-07/18


				












Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






















	Nuveen Document


























Market Commentary | Video Library





This document is not available.


























 



 Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management Launch Equity Unit Trust Based on Bob Doll’s Predictions for 
         










    










 






 











 









Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management Launch Equity Unit Trust Based on Bob Doll's Predictions for 2015

		  Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio Will Leverage Predictions from Nuveen Asset Management Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist Bob Doll
		

Jan 15, 2015, 09:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Incapital 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







With eight offices in the U.S. and Canada, Incapital (http://www.incapital.com) has established itself as one of the leading underwriters and distributors of a wide range of securities and investment products to broker-dealers, asset managers and ...    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




With eight offices in the U.S. and Canada, Incapital (http://www.incapital.com) has established itself as one of the leading underwriters and distributors of a wide range of securities and investment products to broker-dealers, asset managers and institutional investors.
 


 

 




 





 


CHICAGO, Jan. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Incapital LLC and Nuveen Asset Management today announced that they have brought to market the next series of an equity unit trust based on the 2015 predictions of well-known Nuveen portfolio manager and strategist Bob Doll. This is the second consecutive year these two investment firms have partnered to bring such a portfolio to market.
The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio, deposited on January 14, is designed to offer: 

The potential for capital appreciation for investors willing to accept associated equity market risks 
A high-conviction portfolio from an experienced portfolio manager and widely followed market strategist 
A portfolio approach seeking to limit uncompensated risk 
Investment opportunities not fully reflected in today's stock market valuations
More information about the Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio and other Incapital Unit Trusts is available at incapital.com/UnitTrusts.
Bob Doll, CFA, Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist for Nuveen Asset Management, is a highly respected authority on the equity markets and regularly provides timely market perspectives to investors, advisors and the media.
The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio is designed to capitalize on the economic and market environment described by Doll's 2015 Ten Predictions, released on January 7th. Incapital serves as the Trust's sponsor and Nuveen Asset Management serves as the Trust's portfolio consultant.
"We are pleased to partner again with Nuveen Asset Management to offer an equity trust product designed specifically for the upcoming market environment," said Phil Johnson, President of Incapital. "This partnership reflects our commitment to deliver diversified investment options to help investors meet their goals."
"Bob Doll's portfolio investment expertise, market insights, and Ten Predictions are highly respected and sought after in the investment community," said William T. Huffman, President of Nuveen Asset Management. "The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio addresses the needs of investors seeking an equity trust option from an experienced portfolio manager and strategist, as well as two firms with a proven track record of innovative product development."  
The partnership between Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management and its affiliates, which kicked off at the end of 2013, has already resulted in the formation of four new unit trust strategies.
For media inquiries, please contact Kris Kagel, JCPR, at 973-850-7312 or kkagel@jcprinc.com.
About IncapitalIncapital LLC was founded in 1999 and today is a leading underwriter and distributor of securities to 800+ broker-dealers, institutions, asset managers, RIAs and banks. The firm represents 300+ issuing entities and has underwritten $350+ billion in securities.
About Nuveen Asset ManagementNuveen Asset Management, LLC offers multi-asset investment solutions, from traditional and specialized equity to taxable and municipal fixed income. As of September 30, 2014, Nuveen Asset Management had approximately $130 billion in assets under management.
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust. A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus from sec.gov/edgar.shtml. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 68, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Incapital LLC serves as the Sponsor to the Trust.
Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Incapital LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC are unaffiliated. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trust with portfolio consulting services.
©2015 Incapital. All rights reserved. Securities offered through and unit investment trusts sponsored by Incapital LLC, Member FINRA & SIPC, 200 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606.
Kris Kagel JCPR973-850-7312kkagel@jcprinc.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141202/161815LOGO 
 SOURCE  Incapital  

RELATED LINKS
http://incapital.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jan 16, 2015, 15:30 ET
Preview: Incapital Announces New Role for Laura Elliott




















Dec 08, 2014, 09:00 ET
Preview: Incapital Opens New York City Office to Strengthen Capital Markets, Credit Sales and Trading Divisions








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



Incapital and Nuveen Investments Expand Unit Trust Partnership 









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In














Incapital and Nuveen Investments Expand Unit Trust Partnership




















June 10, 2015 08:30 ET

 | Source: Incapital LLC; Nuveen Investments







		New Unit Trusts Leverage Expertise of Nuveen's Multi-Affiliate Model

		Enhanced by Incapital Additions to Unit Trust Business

		Nuveen Expands Specialist Sales Support Team for Unit Trusts

CHICAGO, June 10, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Incapital LLC and Nuveen Investments, today announced the expansion of their joint-distribution and portfolio consultant unit trust partnership with the addition of new unit trusts and expanded sales resources at both firms to support the growth of the unit trust business and better serve the financial advisor community and their clients. Since the beginning of 2014, Nuveen and Incapital have partnered together on key aspects of unit trust product development, marketing, distribution and client relationship management. In this partnership, Incapital serves as trust underwriter and sponsor, providing units to the public through broker-dealers and other firms.  Nuveen Investments, through its several affiliates, serves as portfolio consultant responsible for developing investment strategies and constructing model portfolios for the unit trusts.

	Commenting on the partnership, John DesPrez, Incapital's Chief Executive Officer, said, "Incapital's relationship with Nuveen Investments continues to deepen. With the expansion of our joint-distribution agreement, we will be offering a wider range of investment strategies to thousands of additional financial advisors and their clients."

INCAPITAL UNIT TRUSTS FEATURING NUVEEN'S INVESTMENT EXPERTISE

	Since inception of the partnership, Incapital has offered five equity unit trust strategies that draw upon the deep and specialized expertise of Nuveen Investments' affiliates:


		Nuveen Equity Outlook Portfolios

		Nuveen Large Cap Dividend Portfolios

		Nuveen Core Real Estate Securities Portfolios

		Nuveen NWQ Global Dividend Value Portfolios

		Nuveen Tradewinds Global Energy Revolution Portfolio


	To further broaden its platform for clients, Incapital has been working closely with Nuveen this year to develop a robust pipeline of new unit trusts employing a variety of strategies and themes. Capitalizing on the recently closed Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio, Series 68, which more than doubled in assets from the prior year's series, Incapital filed an initial registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the Nuveen 2015 Mid-Year Equity Outlook Portfolio, Series 86. This new unit trust's portfolio selection is led by Bob Doll, Nuveen Asset Management's Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist, and seeks to include a mid-year update in which Bob Doll reassesses his investment outlook as expressed in his 2015 Ten Predictions.

	Additionally, Incapital filed an initial registration statement with the SEC for the Nuveen Symphony Low Volatility Equity Portfolio, Series 88, which employs the investment expertise of Symphony Asset Management, an affiliate of Nuveen Investments. Recognized for their rigorous fundamental research and alternative investment/hedge fund expertise, Symphony applies a team-based approach to valuation and risk analysis, which seeks to identify and translate relative value into desired risk/reward portfolio outcomes. 

	Bill Adams, Nuveen Investments' Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Global Structured Products added, "We are very pleased to expand our relationship with Incapital as we work to bring innovative investment options to investors. We believe unit trusts can expand the ability of investors and their advisors to access the specialized investment expertise of our affiliates across a broad range of asset classes to help them better achieve their financial objectives." 

JOINT-DISTRIBUTION EFFORT

	Incapital has recently appointed Hugh McHaffie as Managing Director who will soon oversee the origination and distribution of a range of wealth management solutions, including Unit Trust, Market Linked and Annuity offerings. McHaffie is supported by a veteran Unit Trust origination team in Chicago, headed by John Browning, Managing Director and Randy Watts, Executive Director. Pat Dwyer, National Sales Manager, will soon lead Incapital's nation-wide distribution network supporting financial advisors seeking wealth management investment solutions for their clients.

	Given the performance of the current unit trust offerings, strong interest from the market, and robust pipeline of new offerings currently under consideration, Nuveen Investments is also enhancing its unit trust distribution efforts with the appointment of Melissa Roe as Managing Director, National Head of Unit Trust Sales. Overseeing a team of external and internal unit trust specialists, Roe will act as a liaison between Nuveen Investments and Incapital to represent the capabilities of Nuveen Investments' affiliates and ensure that the needs of financial advisors and their investor clients are being served. 

About Incapital

	Incapital was founded in 1999 and today is a leading underwriter and distributor of securities to more than 800 broker-dealers, institutions, asset managers, RIAs and banks. The firm represents more than 300 issuing entities and has a track record of over $400 billion in underwritten securities. Further information on Incapital is available at www.incapital.com. Further information on Incapital's Unit Trust Portfolios, including securities selection, fees, secondary market and other risk considerations is available on incapital.com.

About Nuveen Investments

	Nuveen Investments provides high-quality investment services designed to help secure the long-term goals of institutional and individual investors as well as the consultants and financial advisors who serve them. Nuveen Investments markets a wide range of specialized investment solutions which provide investors access to capabilities of its high-quality boutique investment affiliates—Nuveen Asset Management, LLC, Symphony Asset Management LLC, NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC, Santa Barbara Asset Management, LLC, Tradewinds Global Investors, LLC, Winslow Capital Management, LLC and Gresham Investment Management LLC, all of which are registered investment advisers and independent investment subsidiaries of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Investments operates as a separate subsidiary within TIAA-CREF, which is a leading provider of retirement and financial services in the academic, research, medical and cultural fields. In total, Nuveen Investments managed approximately $233 billion as of March 31, 2015. For more information, please visit the Nuveen Investments website at www.nuveen.com.   

	Nuveen Investments, Inc. and its related entities named above are unaffiliated with Incapital LLC.

The information herein is not complete and is subject to change. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This notice is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

	There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. These unit investment trusts are unmanaged. You can lose money investing in unit investment trusts.  

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please download a prospectus from sec.gov/edgar.shtml or the Unit Trust Offerings page on incapital.com. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital LLC serves as the Sponsor to the Trusts. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 68, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 86, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2015 Mid-Year Equity Outlook Portfolio.   Incapital Unit Trust, Series 88, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen Symphony Low Volatility Equity Portfolio.   

NOT FDIC INSURED | NOT BANK GUARANTEED | MAY LOSE VALUE

	©2015 Incapital. All rights reserved. Securities offered through and unit investment trusts sponsored by Incapital LLC, Member FINRA & SIPC, 200 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606.    
MEDIA CONTACT
Incapital: Jim Schaberg
312-379-3752

MEDIA CONTACT
Nuveen Investments:  Kathleen Cardoza
312-917-7813



Related Articles
other press releases by Incapital LLC


Incapital and KKM Financial Launch Incapital Najarian Heat Seeker Portfolio
June 22, 2015 08:30


Financial Advisors Report Strong Client Interest in Values-Based Investing
September 30, 2014 12:57


Incapital Hires Larry Schechter to Join Capital Markets Team
September 03, 2014 08:45


Incapital Launches Farmer Mac Notes Program
July 21, 2014 13:12


Incapital Announces Appointment of Ken DiFrancesca to Annuities Team
June 23, 2014 12:33






123



other news releases in

Partnerships

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Incapital LLC





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Boca Raton, Florida, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
MEDIA CONTACT
Incapital: Jim Schaberg
312-379-3752

MEDIA CONTACT
Nuveen Investments:  Kathleen Cardoza
312-917-7813







Media Files



Incapital LLC logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        









Nuveen Investments Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
BANKING














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.














Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




















































Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management Launch Equity Unit Trust Based on Bob Doll's Predictions for 2015 - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management Launch Equity Unit Trust Based on Bob Doll's Predictions for 2015

Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio Will Leverage Predictions from Nuveen Asset Management Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist Bob Doll




Jan 15, 2015, 9:00am EST














CHICAGO, Jan. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Incapital LLC and Nuveen Asset Management today announced that they have brought to market the next series of an equity unit trust based on the 2015 predictions of well-known Nuveen portfolio manager and strategist Bob Doll. This is the second consecutive year these two investment firms have partnered to bring such a portfolio to market.

The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio, deposited on January 14, is designed to offer: 

The potential for capital appreciation for investors willing to accept associated equity market risks 
A high-conviction portfolio from an experienced portfolio manager and widely followed market strategist 
A portfolio approach seeking to limit uncompensated risk 
Investment opportunities not fully reflected in today's stock market valuations
More information about the Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio and other Incapital Unit Trusts is available at incapital.com/UnitTrusts.
Bob Doll, CFA, Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist for Nuveen Asset Management, is a highly respected authority on the equity markets and regularly provides timely market perspectives to investors, advisors and the media.
The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio is designed to capitalize on the economic and market environment described by Doll's 2015 Ten Predictions, released on January 7th. Incapital serves as the Trust's sponsor and Nuveen Asset Management serves as the Trust's portfolio consultant.
"We are pleased to partner again with Nuveen Asset Management to offer an equity trust product designed specifically for the upcoming market environment," said Phil Johnson, President of Incapital. "This partnership reflects our commitment to deliver diversified investment options to help investors meet their goals."
"Bob Doll's portfolio investment expertise, market insights, and Ten Predictions are highly respected and sought after in the investment community," said William T. Huffman, President of Nuveen Asset Management. "The Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio addresses the needs of investors seeking an equity trust option from an experienced portfolio manager and strategist, as well as two firms with a proven track record of innovative product development."  
The partnership between Incapital and Nuveen Asset Management and its affiliates, which kicked off at the end of 2013, has already resulted in the formation of four new unit trust strategies.
For media inquiries, please contact Kris Kagel, JCPR, at 973-850-7312 or kkagel@jcprinc.com.
About IncapitalIncapital LLC was founded in 1999 and today is a leading underwriter and distributor of securities to 800+ broker-dealers, institutions, asset managers, RIAs and banks. The firm represents 300+ issuing entities and has underwritten $350+ billion in securities.
About Nuveen Asset ManagementNuveen Asset Management, LLC offers multi-asset investment solutions, from traditional and specialized equity to taxable and municipal fixed income. As of September 30, 2014, Nuveen Asset Management had approximately $130 billion in assets under management.
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust. A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus from sec.gov/edgar.shtml. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 68, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2015 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Incapital LLC serves as the Sponsor to the Trust.
Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Incapital LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC are unaffiliated. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trust with portfolio consulting services.
©2015 Incapital. All rights reserved. Securities offered through and unit investment trusts sponsored by Incapital LLC, Member FINRA & SIPC, 200 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606.
Kris Kagel JCPR973-850-7312kkagel@jcprinc.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141202/161815LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/incapital-and-nuveen-asset-management-launch-equity-unit-trust-based-on-bob-dolls-predictions-for-2015-300021067.html
SOURCE  Incapital




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  





 NUVEEN TAX FREE UNIT TRUST SERIES 993 (Form: S-6, Received: 03/06/1998 10:49:08) 













40 ACT FILE NO. 811-2271




SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549



FORM S-6



For  Registration  under  the  Securities  Act of  1933  of  Securities  of Unit

Investment Trusts Registered on

Form N-8B-2






A.  Exact name of Trust: NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST, SERIES 993

B.  Name of Depositor:  JOHN NUVEEN & CO. INCORPORATED

C.  Complete address of Depositor's principal executive offices:

                        333 West Wacker Drive
                        Chicago, Illinois 60606

D.  Name and complete address of agents for service:

                        JOHN NUVEEN & CO. INCORPORATED
                        Attn: Gifford R. Zimmerman
                        333 West Wacker Drive
                        Chicago, Illinois 60606

                        CHAPMAN AND CUTLER
                        Attn: Eric F. Fess
                        111 West Monroe Street
                        Chicago, Illinois 60603

It is proposed that this filing will become effective (check appropriate box)

/ / immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b)

/ / on March 6, 1998 pursuant to paragraph (b) of rule 485

/ / 60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)

/ / on March 6, 1998 pursuant to paragraph (a) of rule 485 or 486

E.  Title of  securities  being registered:  Units  of fractional  undivided  beneficial
    interest.

F.  Approximate  date of proposed sale  to the public: As  soon as practicable after the
    effective date of the Registration Statement.

/ / Check box if  it is proposed  that this filing  will become effective  on (date)  at
    (time) pursuant to Rule 487.












THE  REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION  STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES
AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL  FILE
A  FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY  STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL THEREAFTER  BECOME  EFFECTIVE  IN  ACCORDANCE WITH  SECTION  8(A)  OF  THE
SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933  OR  UNTIL  THE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE  COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION  8(A)
MAY DETERMINE.









                                 MARCH 6, 1998
                             SUBJECT TO COMPLETION

                                           A

NUVEEN                 NUVEEN NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366
                    (NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST, SERIES 988)


                                               CUSIP NUMBERS:


                                               Monthly:               6710A7 614
                                               Quarterly:             6710A7 622
                                               Semi-Annually:         6710A7 630









PROSPECTUS--PART A (SPECIFIC TERMS) -- MARCH 6, 1998

THIS PART A OF THE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED UNLESS ACCOMPANIED BY THE

PART B OF

THE NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUSTS PROSPECTUS DATED JULY 8, 1997, TO WHICH SUCH

REFERENCE

HEREIN APPLIES. BOTH PARTS OF THE PROSPECTUS SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR FUTURE

REFERENCE.



National  Insured  Trust  366  (the  "Trust")  consists  of  a  portfolio of
interest-bearing obligations issued by  or on behalf  of States, certain  United
States  Territories or authorities and  political subdivisions thereof which, in
the opinion  of recognized  bond  counsel to  the issuing  authorities,  provide
income which is exempt from Federal income tax, to the extent indicated in "WHAT
IS THE TAX STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?" in Part B of this Prospectus.


The  objectives of the Trust  are income exempt from  Federal income tax and
conservation of  capital. The  objectives  are, of  course, dependent  upon  the
continuing  ability  of  the issuers,  obligors  and/or insurers  to  meet their
respective obligations.


The Portfolio of  the Trust consists  of 11 obligations  issued by  entities
located  in 8 states. The  Bonds in the Trust  are either general obligations of
the governmental entity issuing them and are backed by the taxing power  thereof
or  are  payable as  to principal  and interest  from the  income of  a specific
project or authority and are not supported by the issuer's power to levy  taxes.
The sources of payment for the Bonds are divided as follows:








   NUMBER OF                                              PORTFOLIO
    ISSUES                PURPOSE OF ISSUE                PERCENTAGE
---------------  ----------------------------------------------------
       2         Health Care Facility Revenue                 20.0   %
       2         General Obligation                           18.0
       2         Dedicated-Tax Supported Revenue              15.3
       1         Power Revenue                                10.0
       1         Bridge and Toll Road Revenue                 10.0
       1         Transportation                               10.0
       1         Water and/or Sewer Revenue                   10.0
       1         Education Revenue                             6.7








Approximately  15.3% of the  aggregate principal amount of  the Bonds in the
Trust (accounting for approximately 12.1% of the aggregate offering price of the
Bonds) are original issue discount obligations. Certain of these original  issue
discount  obligations, amounting to  5.3% of the  aggregate principal amount and
1.7% of  the aggregate  offering price  of the  Bonds in  the Trust,  are  "zero
coupon"  bonds. See "RISK FACTORS" in Part B of this Prospectus for a discussion
of  the  characteristics  of  such  obligations  and  of  the  risks  associated
therewith.


All  of the Bonds in the Trust are covered by policies of insurance obtained
from the  MBIA  Insurance  Corporation guaranteeing  payment  of  principal  and
interest  when due. As a  result of such insurance, the  Bonds in the Trust have
received a rating of "Aaa" by Moody's, "AAA" by Fitch, and/or "AAA" by  Standard
& Poor's. Insurance does not guarantee the market value of the Bonds or of Trust
Units.


Twenty-three  percent of the principal amount  of Bonds in the Trust consist
of issues of entities located in  the State of Illinois; such concentration  may
involve  more risk than if such Bonds  were issued by issuers located in several
states.


For a discussion of  the risks associated with  investments in the bonds  of
various issuers, see "RISK FACTORS" in Part B of this Prospectus.


Information  contained  herein  is  subject to  completion  or  amendment. A
registration statement  relating to  these securities  has been  filed with  the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission. These securities  may not be  sold nor may
offers to buy be accepted prior  to the time the registration statement  becomes
effective.  This  Prospectus  shall  not  constitute an  offer  to  sell  or the
solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these  securities
in  any State in which such offer,  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any State.




THESE SECURITIES HAVE  NOT BEEN APPROVED  OR DISAPPROVED BY  THE SECURITIES  AND
EXCHANGE  COMMISSION NOR HAS THE COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY
OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.



1 of 6








ESSENTIAL INFORMATION

REGARDING THE NUVEEN NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366

ON THE BUSINESS DAY PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DEPOSIT, MARCH 5, 1998







Sponsor and Evaluator........ John Nuveen & Co. Incorporated
Trustee............................ The Chase Manhattan Bank

        -------------------------------------------








The income, expense and distribution data  set forth below have been  calculated
for   Unitholders  receiving  monthly,  quarterly  or  semi-annual  distribution
options.








Principal Amount of Bonds in Trust..................  $     7,500,000
Number of Units.....................................           75,000
Fractional Undivided Interest in Trust Per Unit.....         1/75,000
Public Offering Price--Less than 500 Units
    Aggregate Offering Price of Bonds in Trust......  $     7,159,220
    Divided by Number of Units......................  $         95.46
    Plus Sales Charge 4.9% (5.152% of the Aggregate
     Offering Price of the Bonds per Unit)..........  $          4.92
    Public Offering Price Per Unit(1)...............  $        100.38
Redemption Price Per Unit (exclusive of accrued
  interest).........................................  $         95.07
Sponsor's Initial Repurchase Price Per Unit
  (exclusive of accrued interest)...................  $         95.46
Excess of Public Offering Price Per Unit over
  Redemption Price Per Unit.........................  $          5.31
Excess of Public Offering Price Per Unit over
  Sponsor's Repurchase Price Per Unit...............  $          4.92
Average Maturity of Bonds in the Trust(2)...........       27.4 years














                                             MONTHLY        QUARTERLY      SEMI-ANNUAL
                                           -----------     -----------     -----------
Calculation of Estimated Net Annual
  Interest Income Per Unit
    Annual Interest Income(3)............  $    4.9575     $   4.9575      $   4.9575
    Less Estimated Annual Expense........  $     .2232     $    .1912      $    .1722
                                           -----------     -----------     -----------
    Estimated Net Annual Interest
      Income(4)..........................  $    4.7343     $   4.7663      $   4.7853
Daily Rate of Accrual Per Unit...........  $    .01315     $   .01323      $   .01329
ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN(5)..............         4.72%          4.75 %          4.77 %
ESTIMATED LONG TERM RETURN(5)............         4.79%          4.82 %          4.84 %
Trustee's Annual Fees(6).................  $    1.4888     $   1.1688      $   0.9788














Date of Deposit......................................................................................March 6, 1998
Settlement Date.....................................................................................March 11, 1998
Mandatory Termination Date....................................See "OTHER INFORMATION" in Part B of this Prospectus
Minimum Value of Each Trust...................................See "OTHER INFORMATION" in Part B of this Prospectus
Sponsor's Annual Evaluation Fee.........................................$0.17 per $1,000 principal amount of Bonds
Estimated Annual Organizational Expenses(7).......................................................$.02933 per Unit
----------

BECAUSE CERTAIN OF THE BONDS IN THE TRUST WILL NOT BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE UNTIL AFTER THE SETTLEMENT DATE FOR
A PURCHASE OF UNITS MADE ON THE DATE OF DEPOSIT, INTEREST THAT ACCRUES ON THOSE BONDS BETWEEN THE DATE OF  DEPOSIT
AND  SUCH DELIVERY DATE WILL BE TREATED  AS A RETURN OF PRINCIPAL RATHER  THAN AS TAX-EXEMPT INCOME. THE AMOUNT OF
ANY SUCH RETURN  OF PRINCIPAL  IS NOT  INCLUDED IN  THE ANNUAL INTEREST  INCOME SHOWN  ABOVE. FOR  THE TRUST,  THE
FOLLOWING SETS FORTH THE LATEST SCHEDULED BOND DELIVERY DATE, THE AMOUNT PER UNIT THAT WILL BE TREATED AS A RETURN
OF  PRINCIPAL TO  UNITHOLDERS WHO  PURCHASE ON THE  DATE OF  DEPOSIT, AND THE  ESTIMATED CURRENT  RETURN UNDER THE
MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION PLAN AFTER THE FIRST YEAR, ASSUMING  THE PORTFOLIO AND ESTIMATED ANNUAL EXPENSES DO NOT  VARY
FROM  THAT SET FORTH ABOVE (SEE "WHAT  ARE NORMAL TRUST OPERATING EXPENSES?" IN  PART B OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND THE
"SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS").  THE ESTIMATED  CURRENT RETURN  AFTER THE FIRST  YEAR WILL  ALSO BE  HIGHER UNDER  THE
QUARTERLY AND SEMI-ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION PLANS:

                                   LATEST SCHEDULED         PER UNIT         ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN
                                    DELIVERY DATE     RETURN OF PRINCIPAL      AFTER THE FIRST YEAR
                                  ------------------  --------------------   -------------------------
  NATIONAL INSURED TRUST........    APRIL 1, 1998     $          .02                      4.74        %








The  evaluation time for purpose  of sale, purchase or  redemption of Units is 4

p.m. Eastern time or as of any earlier time at which the New York Stock Exchange
closes. (See "HOW IS THE  PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?"  in Part B of  this
Prospectus.)


(1) Units  are offered at  the Public Offering Price  plus accrued interest from
the preceding Record  Date to,  but not  including, the  date of  settlement
(normally  three business days  after purchase). The Date  of Deposit of the
Fund has  been  designated  as  the  First Record  Date  for  all  plans  of
distribution  of the Trust and, accordingly, for Units purchased on the Date
of Deposit, $.07 of accrued interest to the Settlement Date will be added to
the Public Offering  Price. (See "WHAT  IS ACCRUED INTEREST?"  in Part B  of
this Prospectus.)


(2) The  Average Maturity  of Bonds  in the Trust  is calculated  based upon the
stated maturities of the Bonds in the  Trust (or, with respect to Bonds  for
which funds or securities have been placed in escrow to redeem such Bonds on
a  stated call  date, based  upon such call  date). The  Average Maturity of
Bonds in the  Trust may  increase or  decrease from  time to  time as  Bonds
mature or are called or sold.


(3) Assumes  delivery of  all Bonds. (See  "COMPOSITION OF  TRUSTS" appearing in
Part B of this  Prospectus.) Interest income does  not include accretion  of
original  issue  discount on  "zero coupon"  Bonds, Stripped  Obligations or
other original issue discount Bonds. (See  "RISK FACTORS" in Part B of  this
Prospectus.)


(4) The  amount and  timing of interest  distributions from the  Trust under the
various plans of distribution  are set forth below.  It is anticipated  that
the  amount of interest to  be distributed per Unit  in each year under each
plan  of  distribution  will  initially   be  substantially  equal  to   the


2 of 6





Estimated  Net Annual Interest Income per Unit  for that plan. The amount of
interest to be distributed annually per Unit, will generally change as Bonds
are redeemed,  mature  or are  sold  or as  fees  and expenses  increase  or
decrease.


(5) Estimated  Long  Term Return  for the  Trust represents  the average  of the
yields to  maturity  (or  call)  of  the  Bonds  in  the  Trust's  portfolio
calculated  in  accordance  with  accepted bond  practices  and  adjusted to
reflect a compounding factor, expenses and sales charges. Estimated  Current
Return  is computed by dividing  the Net Annual Interest  Income per Unit by
the Public Offering  Price, and in  contrast to Estimated  Long Term  Return
does  not reflect the  amortization of premium or  accretion of discount, if
any. For  more information  see "WHAT  ARE ESTIMATED  LONG TERM  RETURN  AND
ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN?" in Part B of this Prospectus.


(6) Each  Trustee annual  fee is per  $1,000 principal amount  of the underlying
Bonds in  the  Trust  for  that  portion of  the  Trust  that  represents  a
particular plan of distribution.


(7) The  Trust (and  therefore Unitholders)  will bear all  or a  portion of its
organizational  costs  (including  costs   of  preparing  the   registration
statements,  the trust  indenture and  other closing  documents, registering
Units with the Securities  and Exchange Commission  and states, the  initial
audit  of the Trust  portfolio, initial evaluation fees,  legal fees and the
initial fees and  expenses of  the Trustee  but not  including the  expenses
incurred in the printing of preliminary and final prospectuses, and expenses
incurred  in the preparation and printing of brochures and other advertising
materials and any  other selling expenses)  as is common  for mutual  funds.
Total organizational expenses will be amortized over a five year period. See
"WHAT ARE NORMAL TRUST OPERATING EXPENSES?" in Part B of this Prospectus and
"Statement  of  Condition." Historically,  the  sponsors of  unit investment
trusts have paid all the costs of establishing such trusts.





INTEREST DISTRIBUTION



Details of interest distributions  per Unit of the  Trust under the  various
plans  appear in  the following table  based upon estimated  Net Annual Interest
Income at the Date of Deposit:






                                                                                                      NORMAL
                                                                                                  DISTRIBUTIONS
                                                                  1998                               PER YEAR
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  --------------
Record Date*..........................        4/1            5/1            8/1           11/1
Distribution Date.....................       4/15           5/15           8/15          11/15
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Monthly Distribution Plan.............  $   .3302(1)                                              $  4.7576
                                                        --------  $.3963 every month  --------
Quarterly Distribution Plan...........  $   .3302(1)   $   .3990(2)   $  1.1970      $  1.1970    $  4.7896
Semi-Annual Distribution Plan.........  $   .3302(1)   $   .4005(3)                  $  2.4030    $  4.8086
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------








* Record Dates for  semi-annual distributions  are May  1 and  November 1;  for
quarterly distributions, they are February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1.
Record  Dates  for monthly  distributions are  the first  day of  each month.
Distribution Dates under each distribution plan are the fifteenth day of  the
month   in  which  the  respective   Record  Date  occurred.  For  additional
information see "WHEN ARE  DISTRIBUTIONS MADE TO UNITHOLDERS?"  in Part B  of
this Prospectus.


(1) The  first distribution will  be paid to all  Unitholders, regardless of the
distribution plan selected.  Such distribution may  be more or  less than  a
regular monthly distribution.


(2) The  second distribution under the  quarterly distribution plan represents a
1-month distribution;  subsequent quarterly  distributions will  be  regular
3-month distributions.


(3) The second distribution under the semi-annual distribution plan represents a
1-month  distribution; subsequent semi-annual  distributions will be regular
6-month distributions.



TAX STATUS



For a discussion  of the tax  status of  income earned on  Trust Units,  see
"WHAT IS THE TAX STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?" in Part B of this Prospectus. Investors
should be aware that on August 5, 1997, the President signed the Taxpayer Relief
Act  of 1997 (the "Act").  The Act reduces the  maximum stated marginal tax rate
for capital gains for  certain investments held  for more than  18 months to  20
percent (10 percent in the case of certain taxpayers in the lowest tax bracket).
The  Act also includes provisions that would treat certain transactions designed
to reduce or  eliminate risk  of loss and  opportunities for  gain (e.g.,  short
sales, offsetting notional principal contracts, futures or forward contracts, or
similar  transactions) as constructive sales for purposes of recognition of gain
(and not loss)  and for purposes  of determining the  holding period.  Potential
investors  should consult their own tax  advisors regarding the potential effect
of the Act on their investment in Units.


3 of 6








NUVEEN NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366


(NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST, SERIES 988)



SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AT THE DATE OF DEPOSIT, MARCH 6, 1998







                                                                                          Ratings(3)           Trustee's
                                                                      Optional       ---------------------   Determination
 Aggregate        Name of Issuer and Title of Issue Represented      Redemption       Standard                of Offering
 Principal         by Sponsor's Contracts to Purchase Bonds(1)      Provisions(2)     & Poor's    Moody's        Price
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$   750,000      City and County of Denver, Colorado, Airport        2007 at 101        AAA         Aaa     $       748,125
                   System Revenue Bonds, Series 1997E, 5.25% Due
                   11/15/23.
    600,000     * City of Chicago (Illinois), General Obligation     2008 at 102        AAA         Aaa             588,000
                   Bonds, Project and Refunding Series 1998,
                   5.25% Due 1/1/28. (When issued.)
    750,000      City of Chicago (Illinois), Skyway Toll Bridge      2007 at 102        AAA         Aaa             762,165
                   Revenue Bonds, Series 1996, 5.50% Due 1/1/23.
    400,000      Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority       No Optional Call      AAA         Aaa             118,384
                   (Illinois), McCormick Place Expansion Project
                   Bonds, Series 1992A, 0.00% Due 6/15/21.
                   (Original issue discount bonds delivered on
                   or about January 5, 1993 at a price of
                   15.132% of principal amount.)
    500,000      Indiana Educational Facilities Authority,           2007 at 101        AAA         Aaa             498,750
                   Educational Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series
                   1997 (Butler University Project), 5.30% Due
                   1/1/27.
    750,000      Iowa Finance Authority, Healthcare Revenue          2007 at 100        AAA         Aaa             735,000
                   Bonds, Series 1997 (Genesis Medical Center),
                   5.20% Due 7/1/22.
    750,000      Zeeland Public Schools, Counties of Ottawa and      2007 at 100        AAA         Aaa             746,250
                   Allegan, State of Michigan, 1997 Refunding
                   Bonds, 5.25% Due 5/1/24. (General Obligation
                   Bonds.)
    750,000      Metropolitan Transportation Authority (New          2007 at 101        AAA         Aaa             750,000
                   York), Dedicated Tax Fund Bonds, Series
                   1996A, 5.25% Due 4/1/21. (Original issue
                   discount bonds delivered on or about October
                   29, 1996 at a price of 94.101% of principal
                   amount.)
    750,000      New York City (New York), Municipal Water           2007 at 101        AAA         Aaa             744,233
                   Finance Authority, Water and Sewer System
                   Revenue Bonds, Fiscal 1998 B, 5.25% Due
                   6/15/29.
    750,000      South Carolina Public Service Authority, Santee     2008 at 101        AAA         Aaa             729,398
                   Cooper, Revenue Bonds, 1997 Refunding Series
                   A, 5.125% Due 1/1/32.
    750,000      Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities         2007 at 102        AAA         Aaa             738,915
                   Authority, Revenue Bonds, Series 1997 (Aurora
                   Health Care, Inc.), 5.25% Due 8/15/27.
-----------                                                                                                 ---------------
$ 7,500,000                                                                                                 $     7,159,220
-----------                                                                                                 ---------------
-----------                                                                                                 ---------------








*_ These Bonds, or  a portion  thereof, have  delivery dates  beyond the  normal
settlement  date. Their  expected delivery date  is April  1, 1998. Contracts
relating to  Bonds with  delivery  dates after  the  date of  settlement  for
purchase  made  on the  Date of  Deposit constitute  approximately 8%  of the
aggregate principal amount of the Trust. (See "COMPOSITION OF TRUSTS" in Part
B of this Prospectus.)




(1) The Sponsor's contracts to purchase Bonds were entered into on March  5,
1998.  Other information regarding the Bonds in the Trust on the Date of Deposit
is as follows:








                                                         PROFIT (OR
                                            COST TO         LOSS)       ANNUAL INTEREST   BID PRICE
                 TRUST                      SPONSOR      TO SPONSOR     INCOME TO TRUST   OF BONDS
----------------------------------------  -----------  ---------------  ---------------  -----------
National Insured Trust 366..............  $ 7,135,906  $      23,314    $   373,563      $ 7,129,820








In addition,  the difference  between the  Trustee's determination  of  Offering
Price  and Bid Price (as a percentage of principal amount) is .39%. Neither cost
to Sponsor nor  profit (or  loss) to  Sponsor reflects  underwriting profits  or
losses  received  or  incurred  by  the  Sponsor  through  its  participation in
underwriting syndicates.  The Sponsor  did not  participate as  either the  sole
underwriter  or as a manager or member of a syndicate that acted as the original
underwriter of any of the Bonds.


(2) The Bonds are first subject to optional redemption in the years, and  at
the  prices,  shown. Unless  otherwise indicated,  the  Bonds, except  for Bonds
issued at a  substantial original  issue discount, are  redeemable at  declining
prices  (but not below  par value) in subsequent  years. Original issue discount
bonds, including zero coupon bonds, are generally redeemable at prices based  on
the  issue  price  plus  the  amount  of  original  issue  discount  accreted to
redemption plus, if applicable, some premium,  the amount of which will  decline
in  subsequent years. The Bonds  may also be subject  to sinking fund redemption
without premium  prior to  the dates  shown.  Certain Bonds  may be  subject  to
redemption  without  premium prior  to  the date  shown  pursuant to  special or
mandatory call provisions specified in  the instruments setting forth the  terms
and  provisions of  such Bonds.  See "COMPOSITION OF  TRUSTS", "WHAT  IS THE TAX
STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?" and "RISK FACTORS" in Part B of this Prospectus.


(3) All the  Bonds in the  Insured Trusts,  as insured by  the Insurer,  are
rated  AAA  by  Standard &  Poor's,  AAA by  Fitch  and/or Aaa  by  Moody's. The
insurance obtained by the Trust guarantees the payment of interest and principal
on the Bonds when due  but does not cover  certain market risks associated  with
fixed  income  securities  such  as accelerated  payments,  premiums  payable on
mandatory redemptions or interest  rate risks. (See "WHY  AND HOW ARE THE  BONDS
INSURED?"  in Part  B of  this Prospectus  and "Description  of Ratings"  in the
Information Supplement.)


4 of 6






Statement of Condition




NUVEEN NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366



(Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trusts, Series 988)





AS OF MARCH 6, 1998







    TRUST PROPERTY
Sponsor's contracts to purchase Bonds, backed by
  an irrevocable letter of credit(1)(2)...........  $    7,159,220
Accrued interest to March 6, 1998 on underlying
  Bonds(1)........................................          94,782
Organizational costs(3)...........................          11,000
                                                    --------------
            Total.................................  $    7,265,002
                                                    --------------
                                                    --------------
   LIABILITIES AND INTEREST OF UNITHOLDERS
LIABILITIES:
    Accrued interest to March 6, 1998 on
     underlying Bonds(4)..........................  $       94,782
    Accrued organizational costs(3)...............          11,000
                                                    --------------
            Total.................................  $      105,782
                                                    --------------
                                                    --------------
INTEREST OF UNITHOLDERS:
    Units of fractional undivided interest
     outstanding (75,000)
      Cost to investors(5)........................  $    7,528,063
        Less: Gross underwriting commission(6)....        (368,843)
                                                    --------------
    Net amount applicable to investors............  $    7,159,220
                                                    --------------
            Total.................................  $    7,265,002
                                                    --------------
                                                    --------------
------------








(1) Represented by contracts to  purchase Bonds which  include "when issued"  or
"regular  way"  or "delayed  delivery"  contracts for  which  an irrevocable
letter of credit issued by a  major commercial bank has been deposited  with
the  Trustee on the Date of Deposit. The amount of such letter of credit and
any cash deposited  exceeds the  amount necessary  for the  purchase of  the
Bonds  plus accrued interest to the Date of Deposit. At the Date of Deposit,
Bonds may have been  delivered to the Sponsor  pursuant to certain of  these
contracts;  the Sponsor has assigned to the Trustee all of its rights, title
and interest in and to such Bonds.


(2) Aggregate value (at offering prices) as of the Date of Deposit of the  Bonds
listed  under "Schedule of Investments" herein,  and their aggregate cost to
the Trust are the  same. Such offering prices  were determined by Kenny  S&P
Evaluation Services, a division of J. J. Kenny Co., Inc., as of the close of
business on the business day prior to the Date of Deposit. (See "HOW WAS THE
PRICE  OF THE BONDS  DETERMINED AT THE DATE  OF DEPOSIT?" in  Part B of this
Prospectus.) Insurance coverage providing for the timely payment, when  due,
of  all principal of and interest on the  Bonds in an Insured Trust has been
obtained by the Sponsor or by the issuers of such Bonds. Such insurance does
not guarantee the market value of the Bonds or the value of the Units.  Both
the bid and the offering prices of the underlying Bonds and of the Units may
include value attributable to such policies of insurance.


(3) The  Trust (and  therefore Unitholders)  will bear all  or a  portion of its
estimated organizational costs  which will  be deferred  and amortized  over
five years from the Date of Deposit.


(4) Representing,  as set forth in "WHAT IS ACCRUED INTEREST?" in Part B of this
Prospectus, advancement by  the Trustee of  an amount equal  to the  accrued
Bond interest as of the Date of Deposit.


(5) Aggregate  Public Offering Price (exclusive of accrued interest) computed as
set forth under "HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?" in Part B  of
this Prospectus.


(6) The  gross underwriting commission of 4.90% of the Public Offering Price has
been calculated on the assumption that the  Units sold are not subject to  a
reduction  of sales  charge for  quantity purchases.  In single transactions
involving 500 Units or more, the sales  charge is reduced. (See "HOW IS  THE
PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?" in Part B of this Prospectus.)


5 of 6






REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS




TO  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF JOHN  NUVEEN & CO. INCORPORATED AND UNITHOLDERS OF
NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366:



We have audited the accompanying statement of condition and the schedule  of
investments  at  date of  deposit (included  in  Part A  of this  Prospectus) of
National Insured  Trust 366  (contained in  Nuveen Tax-Free  Unit Trust,  Series
988),  as of March 6, 1998. These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Sponsor. Our  responsibility is  to express  an opinion  on these  financial
statements based on our audit.


We  conducted  our  audit  in accordance  with  generally  accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to  obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included
confirmation of the irrevocable letter of credit arrangement for the purchase of
securities,  described  in  Note   (1)  to  the   statement  of  condition,   by
correspondence with the Trustee. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles  used  and significant  estimates  made by  the  Sponsor, as  well as
evaluating the overall  financial statement  presentation. We  believe that  our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In  our opinion, the statement of  condition and the schedule of investments
at date of deposit referred to  above present fairly, in all material  respects,
the  financial position of  National Insured Trust  366 as of  March 6, 1998, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.



ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



Chicago, Illinois,

March 6, 1998.


6 of 6






B




NUVEEN  Tax-Free Unit Trusts

PROSPECTUS -- PART B




(GENERAL TERMS)


JULY 8, 1997



THIS  PART B OF THE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED UNLESS ACCOMPANIED BY PART

A. BOTH PARTS OF THIS PROSPECTUS SHOULD BE RETAINED FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.



FURTHER DETAIL REGARDING CERTAIN OF  THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE  PROSPECTUS
MAY  BE OBTAINED WITHIN FIVE  BUSINESS DAYS OF WRITTEN  OR TELEPHONIC REQUEST TO
THE TRUSTEE AT 4 NEW YORK PLAZA, NEW YORK, NY 10004-2413 OR (800) 257-8787.


INTEREST INCOME TO A TRUST AND TO UNITHOLDERS, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL,  UNDER
EXISTING  LAW IS  EXEMPT FROM  FEDERAL INCOME  TAX. CAPITAL  GAINS, IF  ANY, ARE
SUBJECT TO TAX. IN ADDITION, INTEREST INCOME OF STATE TRUSTS IS, IN THE  OPINION
OF  COUNSEL,  EXEMPT,  TO THE  EXTENT  INDICATED,  FROM STATE  AND  LOCAL TAXES.
INTEREST INCOME OF ANY TRUST  OTHER THAN A STATE TRUST  MAY BE SUBJECT TO  STATE
AND LOCAL TAXES.



CURRENTLY  OFFERED AT PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE PLUS INTEREST ACCRUED TO THE DATE OF
SETTLEMENT. MINIMUM PURCHASE--EITHER $5,000 OR 50 UNITS, WHICHEVER IS LESS.



THIS NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST SERIES consists of the underlying separate  unit
investment  trusts set forth in Part A  to this Prospectus. Each Trust initially
consists of delivery  statements relating  to contracts to  purchase Bonds  and,
thereafter,  will consist of a diversified portfolio of obligations issued by or
on behalf of  states and territories  of the United  States and authorities  and
political  subdivisions thereof (see "Schedule of Investments" appearing in Part
A of this Prospectus). Except in specific  instances as noted in Part A of  this
Prospectus,  the information contained in this Part  B shall apply to each Trust
in its entirety.  All obligations  in each Traditional  Trust are  rated in  the
category  "A" or  better by  Standard &  Poor's, a  division of  The McGraw Hill
Companies ("Standard & Poor's"), Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's")  or
Fitch  Investors Service, Inc. ("Fitch") on the Date of Deposit. All obligations
in each Insured  Trust are covered  by policies of  insurance obtained from  the
MBIA  Insurance Corporation guaranteeing payment  of principal and interest when
due. All such policies of insurance remain effective so long as the  obligations
are  outstanding. As a result of such  insurance, the Bonds in each portfolio of
the Insured Trusts have received  a rating of "Aaa"  by Moody's, "AAA" by  Fitch
and/  or "AAA" by Standard & Poor's. INSURANCE  RELATES ONLY TO THE BONDS IN THE

INSURED TRUSTS AND NOT  TO THE UNITS  OFFERED HEREBY OR  TO THEIR MARKET  VALUE.

(See "WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?")


THE  OBJECTIVES of  a Trust  are tax-exempt  income and  conservation of capital
through a diversified investment  in tax-exempt Bonds.  The payment of  interest
and  the preservation of principal are, of course, dependent upon the continuing
ability of  the issuers  of  Bonds and  of any  insurer  thereof to  meet  their
obligations  thereunder. There is no guarantee that a Trust's objectives will be
achieved. (See "RISK FACTORS.")


DISTRIBUTIONS of interest received by a Trust will be made semi-annually  unless
the  Unitholder  elects to  receive them  monthly or  quarterly. (See  "WHEN ARE
DISTRIBUTIONS MADE  TO UNITHOLDERS?")  Distribution of  funds in  the  Principal
Account, if any, will ordinarily be made semi-annually.


FOR  ESTIMATED LONG TERM RETURNS AND ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURNS to Unitholders on
the business day prior to the Date of Deposit, see Part A of this Prospectus and
"WHAT ARE ESTIMATED LONG TERM RETURN AND ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN?"


THE PUBLIC OFFERING  PRICE per Unit  of each Trust  during the initial  offering
period  is equal to a pro rata share of the OFFERING prices of the Bonds in such
Trust's portfolio plus  a sales charge  of up  to 4.90% of  the Public  Offering
Price  (equivalent to 5.152%  of the net  amount invested); the  sales charge is
somewhat lower on Trusts with lesser average maturities. (See "HOW IS THE PUBLIC
OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?") The Secondary Market Public Offering Price per Unit
for each Trust will be equal to a pro rata share of the sum of BID prices of the
Bonds in such Trust  plus the sales  charges determined based  on the number  of
years  remaining  to  the  maturity  of each  Bond.  Accrued  interest  from the
preceding Record Date to, but not including, the settlement date (normally three
business days after purchase) is added  to the Public Offering Price. The  sales
charge  is reduced on a graduated scale  for sales involving at least $50,000 or
500 Units  and will  be applied  on whichever  basis is  more favorable  to  the
purchaser. (See "HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?")


A  UNITHOLDER MAY REDEEM UNITS at the office of the Trustee at prices based upon
the BID prices of the Bonds. The  price received upon redemption may be more  or
less  than the amount paid by Unitholders, depending upon the value of the Bonds
on the date of tender  for redemption. (See "HOW  UNITS MAY BE REDEEMED  WITHOUT
CHARGE.")  The  Sponsor, although  not  required to  do  so, intends  to  make a
secondary market for the Units of the Trusts at prices based upon the BID prices
of the Bonds in the respective Trusts. (See "MARKET FOR UNITS.")


RISK FACTORS. An investment in a Trust  should be made with an understanding  of
the risks associated therewith, including, among other factors, the inability of
the issuer or an insurer to pay the principal of or interest on a Bond when due,
volatile interest rates, early call provisions, and changes to the tax status of
the Bonds. See Part A of this Prospectus and "RISK FACTORS."


UNITS OF THE TRUST ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED OR ENDORSED
BY, ANY BANK AND ARE NOT FEDERALLY INSURED OR OTHERWISE PROTECTED BY THE FEDERAL
DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, THE FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OR ANY OTHER AGENCY AND
INVOLVE INVESTMENT RISK, INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE LOSS OF PRINCIPAL.



THESE  SECURITIES HAVE  NOT BEEN APPROVED  OR DISAPPROVED BY  THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE

COMMISSION OR  ANY  STATE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION NOR  HAS  THE  SECURITIES  AND
EXCHANGE

COMMISSION  OR  ANY  STATE SECURITIES  COMMISSION  PASSED UPON  THE  ACCURACY OR
ADEQUACY OF

THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.







NUVEEN  Tax-Free Unit Trusts







TABLE OF CONTENTS                                  PAGE
WHAT IS THE NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST?            4
WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES OF THE TRUSTS?             4
SUMMARY OF PORTFOLIOS                              4
RISK FACTORS                                       5
COMPOSITION OF TRUSTS                              6
WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?                 8
HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?       9
MARKET FOR UNITS                                   11
WHAT IS ACCRUED INTEREST?                          12
WHAT ARE ESTIMATED LONG TERM RETURN AND ESTIMATED
CURRENT RETURN?                                    12
HOW WAS THE PRICE OF THE BONDS DETERMINED AT THE
DATE
OF DEPOSIT?                                        13
WHAT IS THE TAX STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?             13
WHAT ARE NORMAL TRUST OPERATING EXPENSES?          15
WHEN ARE DISTRIBUTIONS MADE TO UNITHOLDERS?        16
ACCUMULATION PLAN                                  17
HOW DETAILED ARE REPORTS TO UNITHOLDERS?           17
UNIT VALUE AND EVALUATION                          17
HOW UNITS OF THE TRUSTS ARE DISTRIBUTED TO THE
PUBLIC                                             18
OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER OF UNITS                    19
HOW UNITS MAY BE REDEEMED WITHOUT CHARGE           20
HOW UNITS MAY BE PURCHASED BY THE SPONSOR          21
HOW BONDS MAY BE REMOVED FROM THE TRUSTS           21
INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRUSTEE                      21
INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPONSOR                      22
OTHER INFORMATION                                  22







2






NUVEEN  Tax-Free Unit Trusts







TOPICAL INDEX                                              PAGE
Accrued Interest                                           12
Accumulation Plan                                          17
                                                     Information
Bond Ratings, Description of                         Supplement
Bonds, Initial Determination of Offering Price             13
Bonds, How Selected                                        4
Bonds, Limited Right of Substitution                       7
Bonds, Removal from a Trust                                21
Call Provisions of Portfolio Bonds                         7
Capital Gains Taxability                                   14
Composition of Trusts                                      7
Dealer Discounts                                           18
Distributions to Unitholders                               16
                                                           Part
Distribution Payment Dates                                 A,16
Distribution of Units to the Public                        18
                                                           Part
Essential Information Regarding the Trusts                 A,12
                                                           Part
Estimated Long Term Return and Estimated Current Return    A,12
Evaluation                                                 17
Expenses for Normal Trust Operation                        15
Indenture, Amendment of                                    22
Indenture, Termination of                                  22
Insurance on the Bonds                                     8
Interest Account Distributions                             Part A
Legal Opinion                                              23
Limitations on Liabilities of Sponsor and Trustee          21
Market for Units                                           11
Minimum Transaction                                        18
Objectives of the Trusts                                   4
Optional Distribution Plan                                 16
Other Information                                          22
Ownership and Transfer of Units                            19
Principal Account Distributions                            16
Public Offering Price of Units                             9
Purchase of Units by Sponsor                               21
Quantity Purchases                                         9
                                                           Part
Record Dates                                               A,16
Redemption of Units Without Charge                         20
Report of Independent Public Accountants                   Part A
Reports to Unitholders                                     17
Risk Factors                                               5
Sales Charge                                               10
Schedules of Investments                                   Part A
Sponsor, Information About                                 22
State Tax Status                                           Part A
Statements of Condition                                    Part A
Successor Trustees and Sponsors                            22
Supplemental Information                                   23
Tax Status of Unitholders                                  13
Trustee, Information About                                 21
Units, Description of                                      4







3






WHAT IS THE NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST?



This Nuveen Tax-Free  Unit Trust  is one  of a  series of  separate but  similar
investment  companies created by the  Sponsor, each of which  is designated by a
different Series number. The underlying unit investment trusts contained in this
Series  are  combined  under  one   Trust  Indenture  and  Agreement.   Specific
information  regarding this Trust is set forth in Part A of this Prospectus. The
various Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trusts are  collectively referred to herein as  the
"Trusts"; the trusts in which few or none of the Bonds are insured are sometimes
referred  to as the "Traditional  Trusts," the trusts in  which all of the Bonds
are insured  as described  herein  are sometimes  referred  to as  the  "Insured
Trusts,"  and  the state  trusts (both  Traditional  and Insured)  are sometimes
referred to as the "State Trusts." This Series was created under the laws of the
State of New York pursuant to a Trust Indenture and Agreement dated the Date  of
Deposit  (the "Indenture") between  John Nuveen &  Co. Incorporated ("Nuveen" or
the "Sponsor") and The Chase Manhattan Bank (the "Trustee").


The Sponsor has deposited with  the Trustee delivery statements relating  to
contracts  for the  purchase of municipal  debt obligations  together with funds
represented by an irrevocable letter of credit issued by a major commercial bank
in the amount, including accrued interest,  required for their purchase (or  the
obligations  themselves) (the "Bonds"). See "Schedule  of Investments" in Part A
of this Prospectus, for  a description of  the Bonds deposited  in a Trust.  See
"SUMMARY OF PORTFOLIOS" and "RISK FACTORS" for a discussion of zero coupon bonds
and  stripped obligations included in  the Trusts, if any.  Some of the delivery
statements may relate to  contracts for the purchase  of "when issued" or  other
Bonds  with delivery dates after  the date of settlement  for a purchase made on
the Date  of Deposit.  See  the "Schedule  of Investments"  in  Part A  of  this
Prospectus  and  "COMPOSITION  OF TRUSTS."  For  a discussion  of  the Sponsor's
obligations in the event of a failure of any contract for the purchase of any of
the Bonds and its limited right to substitute other bonds to replace any  failed
contract, see "COMPOSITION OF TRUSTS."


Payment  of interest on the Bonds in each Insured Trust, and of principal at
maturity, is guaranteed under policies of  insurance obtained by the Sponsor  or
by  the issuers of  the Bonds. (See "WHY  AND HOW ARE THE  BONDS INSURED?") AS A
GENERAL MATTER, NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR  THE SPONSOR HAS OBTAINED INSURANCE  WITH
RESPECT TO THE BONDS IN ANY TRADITIONAL TRUST.


The  Trustee has delivered  to the Sponsor  registered Units which represent
ownership of  the  entire  Trust,  and  which  are  offered  for  sale  by  this
Prospectus.  Each Unit of a Trust  represents a fractional undivided interest in
the principal and net income of such Trust in the ratio set forth in  "Essential
Information"  in Part A of this Prospectus. Units  may only be sold in states in
which they  are registered.  To  the extent  that any  Units  of any  Trust  are
redeemed by the Trustee, the aggregate value of the Trust's assets will decrease
by  the amount  paid to the  redeeming Unitholder, but  the fractional undivided
interest of each unredeemed  Unit in such  Trust will increase  proportionately.
The  Sponsor will  initially, and  from time to  time thereafter,  hold Units in
connection with their offering.



WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES OF THE TRUSTS?



The objectives of the Trusts are income  exempt from Federal income tax and,  in
the  case of State Trusts, where applicable, state income and intangibles taxes,
and conservation of capital, through an  investment in obligations issued by  or
on  behalf of states  and territories of  the United States  and authorities and
political subdivisions thereof,  the interest  on which  is, in  the opinion  of
recognized  bond counsel  to the  issuing governmental  authorities, exempt from
Federal income tax under existing law  and for State Trusts, from certain  state
income  taxes  and intangibles  taxes,  if any,  for  purchasers who  qualify as
residents of that State  in which Bonds are  issued. Insurance guaranteeing  the
timely  payment, when due,  of all principal  and interest on  the Bonds in each
Insured Trust has been obtained by the  Sponsor or by the issuers of such  Bonds
from  MBIA Insurance Corporation, and as a result of such insurance the Bonds in
the Insured Trusts are rated  "Aaa" by Moody's, "AAA"  by Fitch and/or "AAA"  by
Standard & Poor's. (See "WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?") All obligations in
each  Traditional Trust are rated in the category  "A" or better (SP-1, MIG 2 or
F-2 or better, respectively, in the case of short term obligations included in a
Short Term  Traditional  Trust)  by  Standard &  Poor's,  Moody's  and/or  Fitch
(including  provisional or conditional  ratings). In addition,  certain Bonds in
certain Traditional Trusts may be  covered by insurance guaranteeing the  timely
payment,  when  due, of  all principal  and  interest. There  is, of  course, no
guarantee that the Trusts' objectives will be achieved. For a comparison of  net
after-tax return for various tax brackets, see the "TAXABLE EQUIVALENT ESTIMATED
CURRENT  RETURN TABLES" included in the Appendices to the Information Supplement
of this Prospectus.



SUMMARY OF PORTFOLIOS



In selecting  Bonds for  the  respective Trusts,  the following  factors,  among
others, were considered: (i) the Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch ratings
of  the Bonds (see "WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES OF THE TRUSTS?" for a description of
minimum rating standards), (ii) the prices of the Bonds relative to other  bonds
of  comparable quality  and maturity, (iii)  the diversification of  Bonds as to
purpose of issue and location of issuer,  (iv) the maturity dates of the  Bonds,
and  (v)  in the  case  of the  Insured Trusts  only,  the availability  of MBIA
Insurance Corporation insurance on such Bonds.  (See "WHY AND HOW ARE THE  BONDS
INSURED?")


4






RISK FACTORS



An  investment in Units of any Trust should be made with an understanding of the
risks that such  an investment  may entail.  Each Trust  consists of  fixed-rate
municipal  debt  obligations. As  such, the  value of  the debt  obligations and
therefore of  the  Units will  decline  with  increases in  interest  rates.  In
general,  the longer the period until the maturity of a Bond, the more sensitive
its value will be to fluctuations in interest rates. The Sponsor cannot  predict
the  extent or timing  of such fluctuations and,  accordingly, their effect upon
the value  of the  Bonds. Additional  risk factors  include the  ability of  the
issuer,  or,  if  applicable,  an  insurer, to  make  payments  of  interest and
principal when  due, "mandatory  put" features,  early call  provisions and  the
potential  for changes in the tax status of the Bonds. As set forth in Part A of
this Prospectus, the Trusts may contain or be concentrated in one or more of the
types of bonds discussed below. The following paragraphs briefly discuss certain
circumstances which may adversely affect the ability of issuers of Bonds held in
the portfolio of a Trust to make payments of principal and interest thereon, and
which also  therefore may  adversely  affect the  ratings  of such  Bonds.  With
respect  to Insured  Trusts, however, because  of the insurance  obtained by the
Sponsor or by the issuers of the Bonds, such changes should not adversely affect
an Insured Trust's receipt  of principal and interest  or the Standard &  Poor's
"AAA",  the Moody's "Aaa" or the Fitch "AAA" ratings of the Bonds in the Insured
Trust portfolio.  The  Bonds  described  below may  be  subject  to  special  or
extraordinary   redemption  provisions.  For  economic  risks  specific  to  the
individual Trusts,  see Part  A of  this Prospectus  and the  Appendices to  the
Information Supplement of this Prospectus.


ESCROW  SECURED OBLIGATIONS are  typically secured by  direct obligations of
the U.S.  Government  or  in  some cases  obligations  guaranteed  by  the  U.S.
Government  placed in  an escrow  account maintained  by an  independent trustee
until maturity  or  a  predetermined  redemption  date.  These  obligations  are
generally noncallable prior to maturity or the predetermined redemption date. In
a  few isolated instances, however,  bonds which were thought  to be escrowed to
maturity have been called for redemption prior to maturity.


HEALTH CARE FACILITY OBLIGATIONS are  obligations of issuers whose  revenues
are derived from services provided by hospitals or other health care facilities,
including  nursing  homes. The  ability  of such  issuers  to make  debt service
payments on  these  obligations  is  dependent  on  various  factors,  including
occupancy  levels  of the  facility, demand  for  services, wages  of employees,
overhead  expenses,  competition  from   other  similar  providers,   government
regulation,  the cost of  malpractice insurance, and  the degree of governmental
financial assistance, including Medicare and Medicaid.


HOUSING OBLIGATIONS are obligations of issuers whose revenues are  primarily
derived  from mortgage loans on single family residences or housing projects for
low to moderate income families. Housing obligations are generally prepayable at
any time and  therefore their average  life will ordinarily  be less than  their
stated  maturities. The ability of such issuers to make debt service payments on
these obligations is dependent on  various factors, including occupancy  levels,
rental  income, mortgage default rates,  taxes, operating expenses, governmental
regulations and the appropriation of subsidies.


INDUSTRIAL  REVENUE  OBLIGATIONS  are  industrial  revenue  bonds  ("IRBs"),
including  pollution  control  revenue bonds,  which  are  tax-exempt securities
issued by  states, municipalities,  public authorities  or similar  entities  to
finance  the  cost of  acquiring, constructing  or improving  various industrial
projects. Debt  service  payment on  IRBs  is dependent  upon  various  factors,
including  the creditworthiness of the corporate operator of the project and, if
applicable, corporate guarantor, revenues  generated from the project,  expenses
associated with the project and regulatory and environmental restrictions.


UTILITY  OBLIGATIONS are obligations of issuers whose revenues are primarily
derived from the sale of several types of energy, including electric and natural
gas. The  ability  of  such issuers  to  make  debt service  payments  on  these
obligations is dependent on various factors, including the rates for electricity
and  natural gas,  the demand  for electricity  and natural  gas, the  degree of
competition, governmental regulation, overhead expenses and variable costs, such
as fuel.


TRANSPORTATION FACILITY REVENUE OBLIGATIONS are obligations of issuers which
are payable  from  and  secured  by revenues  derived  from  the  ownership  and
operation  of airports, public transit systems and ports. The ability of issuers
to make  debt  service payments  on  airport  obligations is  dependent  on  the
capability  of airlines to  meet their obligations under  use agreements. Due to
increased competition,  deregulation, increased  fuel costs  and other  factors,
many  airlines may  have difficulty  meeting their  obligations under  these use
agreements. Bonds  that are  secured primarily  by the  revenue collected  by  a
public  transit system typically  are additionally secured by  a pledge of sales
tax receipts collected  at the state  or local level,  or of other  governmental
financial  assistance. The revenue of issuers of transit system obligations will
be affected by variations in utilization, which  in turn may be affected by  the
degree  of  local governmental  subsidization, competition  from other  forms of
transportation, and  increased costs.  Port  authorities derive  their  revenues
primarily  from fees imposed  on ships using the  facilities which may fluctuate
depending on  the local  economy  and on  competition  from competing  forms  of
transportation  such  as air,  rail and  trucks. The  revenues of  issuers which
derive their  payments  from bridge,  road  or  tunnel toll  revenues  could  be
adversely  affected  by  increases  in fuel  costs,  competition  from toll-free
vehicular bridges and roads and alternative modes of transportation.


WATER AND/OR SEWERAGE OBLIGATIONS are obligations of issuers whose  revenues
are  payable from user fees from the sale of water and/or sewerage services. The
problems  of  such  issuers  include  the  ability  to  obtain  rate  increases,
population  declines,  the limitations  on  operations and  increased  costs and
delays attributable to environmental considerations, the difficulties  obtaining
new supplies of fresh water, the effect of conservation programs and "no-growth"
zoning ordinances.


5





UNIVERSITY  AND COLLEGE REVENUE OBLIGATIONS are obligations of issuers whose
revenues are  derived  mainly  from  tuition,  dormitory  revenues,  grants  and
endowments.  General  problems faced  by such  issuers  include declines  in the
number of "college" age  individuals, possible inability  to raise tuitions  and
fees,  the uncertainty of continued receipt of Federal grants and state funding,
and government  legislation  or  regulations  which  may  adversely  affect  the
revenues or costs of such issuers.


DEDICATED-TAX  SUPPORTED OBLIGATIONS  are obligations  of issuers  which are
payable from  and  secured by  tax  revenues  from a  designated  source,  which
revenues  are pledged to secure the bonds.  The various types of Bonds described
below differ in structure and with respect  to the rights of the bondholders  to
the  underlying property. Each type of dedicated-tax supported Bond has distinct
risks, only  some  of which  are  set forth  below.  One type  of  dedicated-tax
supported  Bond  is  secured by  the  incremental  tax received  on  either real
property or on sales within a  specifically defined geographical area; such  tax
generally will not provide bondholders with a lien on the underlying property or
revenues.  Another type of dedicated-tax supported  Bond is secured by a special
tax levied on real property within a defined geographical area in such a  manner
that  the  tax is  levied  on those  who benefit  from  the project;  such bonds
typically provide for  a statutory lien  on the underlying  property for  unpaid
taxes.  A third  type of dedicated-tax  supported Bond  may be secured  by a tax
levied upon the  manufacture, sale  or consumption  of commodities  or upon  the
license  to pursue  certain occupations  or upon  corporate privileges  within a
taxing jurisdiction. As  to any  of these  types of  Bonds, the  ability of  the
designated revenues to satisfy the interest and principal payments on such bonds
may  be affected by changes  in the local economy,  the financial success of the
enterprise responsible for the payment of  the taxes, the value of any  property
on which taxes may be assessed and the ability to collect such taxes in a timely
fashion.  Each of these  factors will have  a different affect  on each distinct
type of dedicated-tax supported bonds.


MUNICIPAL LEASE  OBLIGATIONS  are  obligations that  are  secured  by  lease
payments  of a  governmental entity  and are  normally subject  to annual budget
appropriations of the  leasing governmental entity.  A governmental entity  that
enters  into  such  a  lease agreement  cannot  obligate  future  governments to
appropriate for and make lease payments but covenants to take such action as  is
necessary  to include  any lease  payments due  in its  budgets and  to make the
appropriations therefor. A governmental entity's failure to appropriate for  and
to  make payments under its lease  obligation could result in insufficient funds
available for payment of the obligations secured thereby.


ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT OBLIGATIONS AND STRIPPED OBLIGATIONS are bonds which
were issued with  nominal interest  rates less than  the rates  then offered  by
comparable  securities and as  a consequence were originally  sold at a discount
from their face,  or par,  values. In a  stable interest  rate environment,  the
market  value of  an original  issue discount bond  would tend  to increase more
slowly in early years and in greater increments as the bond approached maturity.


Certain of the original  issue discount obligations in  a Trust may be  zero
coupon  bonds. Zero coupon bonds  do not provide for  the payment of any current
interest; the buyer receives only  the right to receive  a final payment of  the
face  amount  of the  bond at  its maturity.  Zero coupon  bonds are  subject to
substantially greater  price  fluctuations  during periods  of  changing  market
interest  rates  than are  securities of  comparable  quality that  pay interest
currently.


Original issue discount  obligations, including  zero coupon  bonds, may  be
subject  to redemption  at prices based  on the  issue price plus  the amount of
original issue discount accreted to  redemption (the "accreted value") plus,  if
applicable,  some premium. Pursuant  to such call  provisions, an original issue
discount bond may be called prior to its maturity date at a price less than  its
face  value.  See the  "Schedule of  Investments"  appearing in  Part A  of this
Prospectus for more information about the call provisions of portfolio Bonds.


Certain of the Bonds in a Trust may be stripped obligations, which represent
evidences of  ownership with  respect to  either the  principal amount  of or  a
payment  of interest on  a tax-exempt obligation  ("Stripped Obligations"). Each
Stripped Obligation has been purchased at a discount from the amount payable  at
maturity.  A Stripped Obligation therefore  has economic characteristics similar
to zero coupon bonds, as described above.


Unitholders should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the  state
and  local tax consequences of owning  original issue discount bonds or Stripped
Obligations. Under applicable  provisions governing determination  of state  and
local  taxes,  interest  on  original  issue  discount  obligations  or Stripped
Obligations may be  deemed to be  received in  the year of  accrual even  though
there is no corresponding cash payment.


Certain  bonds may carry a "mandatory put" (also referred to as a "mandatory
tender" or "mandatory repurchase") feature pursuant to which the holder of  such
bonds will receive payment of the full principal amount thereof on a stated date
prior  to the maturity date unless such  holder affirmatively acts to retain the
bond. The Trustee does not have the  authority to act to retain Bonds with  such
features;  accordingly, it will receive payment  of the full principal amount of
any such Bonds on the stated put date and such date is therefore treated as  the
maturity date of such Bonds in selecting Bonds for the respective Trusts and for
purposes of calculating the average maturity of the Bonds in any Trust.



COMPOSITION OF TRUSTS



Each  Trust initially consists  of delivery statements  relating to contracts to
purchase Bonds (or of such Bonds) as are listed under "Schedule of  Investments"
in  Part A of this Prospectus and, thereafter,  of such Bonds as may continue to
be held from time to time  (including certain securities deposited in the  Trust
in    substitution   for    Bonds   not   delivered    to   a    Trust   or   in


6





exchange or  substitution  for Bonds  upon  certain refundings),  together  with
accrued  and undistributed interest thereon and undistributed cash realized from
the disposition of Bonds.


"WHEN-ISSUED"  AND  "DELAYED  DELIVERY"  TRANSACTIONS.    The  contracts  to
purchase  Bonds delivered to  the Trustee represent an  obligation by issuers or
dealers to deliver Bonds to  the Sponsor for deposit  in the Trusts. Certain  of
the  contracts relate  to Bonds  which have not  been issued  as of  the Date of
Deposit and which are commonly referred to as "when issued" or "when, as and  if
issued"  Bonds. Although  the Sponsor  believes it  unlikely, if  such Bonds, or
replacement bonds  described below,  are not  acquired by  a Trust  or if  their
delivery  is  delayed, the  Estimated Current  Returns  and Estimated  Long Term
Returns shown  in Part  A of  this Prospectus  may be  reduced. Certain  of  the
contracts for the purchase of Bonds provide for delivery dates after the date of
settlement  for purchases made  on the Date  of Deposit. Interest  on such "when
issued" and  "delayed delivery"  Bonds  accrues to  the benefit  of  Unitholders
commencing with the first settlement date for the Units. However, in the opinion
of  counsel, Unitholders who purchase  their Units prior to  the date such Bonds
are actually delivered to the Trustee must  reduce the tax basis of their  Units
for  interest accruing on such Bonds  during the interval between their purchase
of Units and the delivery of the Bonds because such amounts constitute a  return
of  principal. As a result of such adjustment, the Estimated Current Returns set
forth in Part A of this Prospectus (which are based on the Public Offering Price
as of the business day prior to the Date of Deposit) may be slightly lower  than
that which Unitholders will receive after the first year, assuming the Portfolio
does  not change and estimated annual expense  does not vary from that set forth
under "Essential Information" in Part A of this Prospectus. Those Bonds in  each
Trust  purchased with delivery dates after  the date of settlement for purchases
made on the Date  of Deposit are  so noted in the  "Schedule of Investments"  in


Part A of this Prospectus.


LIMITED  REPLACEMENT OF CERTAIN BONDS.   Neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee
shall be liable in any  way for any default, failure  or defect in any Bond.  In
the  event of a failure to deliver any  Bond that has been purchased for a Trust
under a contract, including those  Bonds purchased on a  when, as and if  issued
basis  ("Failed Bonds"), the Sponsor is authorized under the Indenture to direct
the Trustee to acquire  other specified Bonds ("Replacement  Bonds") to make  up
the  original corpus of the Trust within 20 days after delivery of notice of the
failed contract and the  cost to the Trust  (exclusive of accrued interest)  may
not  exceed the amount of  funds reserved for the  purchase of the Failed Bonds.
The Replacement Bonds  must satisfy  the criteria previously  described for  the
Trusts  and shall be substantially identical to the Failed Bonds they replace in
terms of (i) the exemption from  federal and state taxation; (ii) maturity  and;

(iii)  cost to the Trust. In addition,  Replacement Bonds shall not be "when, as
and if issued" Bonds. Whenever a Replacement Bond has been acquired for a Trust,
the Trustee shall, within five days after the delivery thereof, mail or  deliver
a  notice of such acquisition to all Unitholders of the Trust involved. Once the
original corpus of the Trust is acquired, the Trustee will have no power to vary
the investment of the Trust.


To the extent Replacement Bonds are  not acquired, the Sponsor shall  refund
to  all Unitholders of the Trust involved  the sales charge attributable to such
Failed Bonds not replaced, and  the principal and accrued interest  attributable
to such Bonds shall be distributed not more than 30 days after the determination
of  such failure or at  such earlier time as the  Trustee in its sole discretion
deems to be in the interest of  the Unitholders. Any such accrued interest  paid
to Unitholders will be paid by the Sponsor and, accordingly, will not be treated
as  tax-exempt  income.  In the  event  Failed Bonds  in  a Trust  could  not be
replaced, the  Net Annual  Interest Income  per  Unit for  such Trust  would  be
reduced and the Estimated Current Return thereon might be lowered.


SALE,  MATURITY AND REDEMPTION OF BONDS.  Certain of the Bonds may from time
to time  under certain  circumstances be  sold  or redeemed  or will  mature  in
accordance  with their terms. The proceeds from  such events will be used to pay
for  Units  redeemed   or  distributed  to   Unitholders  and  not   reinvested;
accordingly,  no assurance can be given that  a Trust will retain for any length
of time its present size and composition.


All of the Bonds in  each Trust are subject to  being called or redeemed  in
whole  or in  part prior  to their  stated maturities  pursuant to  the optional
redemption provisions described in  the "Schedule of Investments"  in Part A  of
this  Prospectus and  in most  cases pursuant  to a  sinking fund  or special or
extraordinary redemption provisions. See the discussion of the various types  of
bond  issues,  above, for  information  on the  call  provisions of  such bonds,
particularly single family mortgage revenue bonds.


The exercise of redemption or call provisions will (except to the extent the
proceeds of the called Bonds are used to pay for Unit redemptions) result in the
distribution of  principal  and may  result  in a  reduction  in the  amount  of
subsequent  interest distributions;  it may  also affect  the current  return on
Units of the Trust  involved. The exercise of  redemption or call provisions  is
more  likely  to occur  in  situations where  the  Bonds have  an  offering side
evaluation which represents a  premium over par (as  opposed to a discount  from
par).  (In  the  case  of  original issue  discount  bonds,  such  redemption is
generally to  be made  at the  issue price  plus the  amount of  original  issue
discount accreted to the date of redemption; such price is referred to herein as
"accreted  value"). Because Bonds may have been  valued at prices above or below
par value or the then current accreted  value at the time Units were  purchased,
Unitholders  may realize  gain or loss  upon the redemption  of portfolio Bonds.

(See "WHAT IS THE TAX STATUS  OF UNITHOLDERS?" and "WHEN ARE DISTRIBUTIONS  MADE

TO  UNITHOLDERS?" in Part B and the "Schedule  of Investments" in Part A of this
Prospectus.)


7





CERTAIN TAX  MATTERS;  LITIGATION.    Certain of  the  Bonds  in  a  Trust's
portfolio  may be subject to continuing requirements regarding the actual use of
bond proceeds,  the  manner of  operation  of  the project  financed  from  bond
proceeds  or the rebate  of excess earnings  on bond proceeds,  any of which may
affect the exemption  of interest on  such Bonds from  Federal income  taxation.
Although  at the time of issuance of each  of the Bonds in each Trust an opinion
of bond counsel was rendered as to the exemption of interest on such obligations
from Federal income  taxation, and  the issuers  covenanted to  comply with  all
requirements  necessary to retain the tax-exempt  status of the Bonds, there can
be  no  assurance  that  the  respective  issuers  or  other  obligors  on  such
obligations  will fulfill  the various continuing  requirements established upon
issuance of the Bonds. A  failure to comply with  such requirements may cause  a
determination  that interest  on such obligations  is subject  to Federal income
taxation, perhaps even retroactively  from the date of  issuance of such  Bonds,
thereby   reducing  the  value  of  the  Bonds  and  subjecting  Unitholders  to
unanticipated tax liabilities.


To the best knowledge of the Sponsor,  there is no litigation pending as  of
the  Date of Deposit in respect of  any Bonds which might reasonably be expected
to have a  material adverse effect  on any of  the Trusts. It  is possible  that
after  the Date of Deposit, litigation may be initiated with respect to Bonds in
any Trust. Any  such litigation may  affect the  validity of such  Bonds or  the
tax-exempt  nature of the interest thereon,  but while the outcome of litigation
of such nature can never be entirely predicted, the opinions of bond counsel  to
the  issuer of  each Bond  on the date  of issuance  state that  such Bonds were
validly issued and that the interest thereon is, to the extent indicated, exempt
from Federal income tax.



WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?



Insurance guaranteeing  the  timely payment,  when  due, of  all  principal  and
interest  on the Bonds in each Insured Trust has been obtained by the Sponsor or
by the issuers or underwriters of the Bonds from the MBIA Insurance  Corporation
(the  "Insurer"). Certain of the  Bonds in an Insured Trust  may be covered by a
policy or policies of insurance obtained  by the issuers or underwriters of  the
Bonds  from  Municipal Bond  Insurance Association  (the "Association")  or Bond
Investors Guaranty Insurance Company ("BIG"). The claims-paying ability of  both
the  Insurer  and the  Association was  rated  "AAA Prime  Grade" by  Standard &
Poor's. Moody's  rates all  bond issues  insured by  either the  Insurer or  the
Association  "Aaa" and short-term loans "MIG  1." Fitch, upon request, rates all
bond issues insured by the Insurer or the Association "AAA" and short-term loans
"F-1." All such ratings designate the highest quality. The Insurer has issued  a
policy  or  policies of  insurance covering  each  of the  Bonds in  the Insured
Trusts, each policy to remain in force  until the payment in full of such  Bonds
and  whether or not  the Bonds continue to  be held by an  Insured Trust. By the
terms of each policy the Insurer  will unconditionally guarantee to the  holders
or  owners of  the Bonds the  payment, when due,  required of the  issuer of the
Bonds of an amount equal to the principal  of and interest on the Bonds as  such
payments  shall become  due but  not be paid  (except that  in the  event of any
acceleration of the  due date of  principal by reason  of mandatory or  optional
redemption,  default or otherwise, the payments  guaranteed will be made in such
amounts and  at  such times  as  would  have been  due  had there  not  been  an
acceleration).


Insurance  guaranteeing the timely  payment, when due,  of all principal and
interest on certain Bonds in a Traditional  Trust may have been obtained by  the
Sponsor,  issuer or underwriter  of the particular Bonds  involved or by another
party. Such insurance, which  provides coverage substantially  the same as  that
obtained  with  respect  to  Bonds  in Insured  Trusts  as  described  above, is
effective so long as the insured Bond is outstanding and the insurer remains  in
business.  Insurance relates only  to the particular  Bond and not  to the Units
offered hereby or to their market value. Insured Bonds have received a rating of
"Aaa" by  Moody's,  "AAA"  by  Fitch  and/or  "AAA"  by  Standard  &  Poor's  in
recognition of such insurance.


If  a Bond in a Traditional Trust  is insured, the "Schedule of Investments"
appearing in Part A of this Prospectus  will identify the insurer. There can  be
no  assurance  that any  insurer  listed therein  will  be able  to  satisfy its
commitments in the  event claims  are made in  the future.  However, Standard  &
Poor's,  Fitch  and/or  Moody's have  rated  the claims-paying  ability  of each
insurer "AAA," "AAA" or "Aaa," respectively.


The Insurer is the principal operating subsidiary of MBIA, Inc., a New  York
Stock  Exchange listed company. MBIA, Inc. is  not obligated to pay the debts of
or claims against the Insurer. The Insurer is domiciled in the State of New York
and licensed to do business in and  subject to regulation under the laws of  all
50  states,  the District  of  Columbia, the  Commonwealth  of Puerto  Rico, the
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,  the Virgin Islands of the  United
States  and the Territory of Guam. The Insurer has two European branches, one in
the Republic of France and the other in the Kingdom of Spain. New York has  laws
prescribing minimum capital requirements, limiting classes and concentrations of
investments  and requiring  the approval of  policy rates and  forms. State laws
also regulate the amount of both the aggregate and individual risks that may  be
insured,  the  payment  of dividends  by  the  insurer, changes  in  control and
transactions among affiliates. Additionally, the Insurer is required to maintain
contingency reserves  on its  liabilities  in certain  amounts and  for  certain
periods of time.


As  of December  31, 1995  the Insurer had  admitted assets  of $3.8 billion
(audited), total liabilities of  $2.5 billion (audited),  and total capital  and
surplus  of  $1.3  billion  (audited) determined  in  accordance  with statutory
accounting  practices   prescribed   or  permitted   by   insurance   regulatory
authorities.  As of September 30, 1996, the  Insurer had admitted assets of $4.3
billion (unaudited), total  liabilities of $2.9  billion (unaudited), and  total
capital  and surplus of  $1.4 billion (unaudited)  determined in accordance with
statutory accounting practices prescribed  or permitted by insurance  regulatory
authorities.


8





The  Association is comprised  of the five insurance  companies set forth in
the following table, which provides certain unaudited financial information with
respect to each of the five insurance companies comprising the Association.





MUNICIPAL BOND INSURANCE ASSOCIATION

FIVE MEMBER COMPANIES ASSETS AND POLICYHOLDERS' SURPLUS (UNAUDITED)

AS OF MARCH 31, 1995.


(000'S OMITTED)






                                                                               NEW YORK      NEW YORK       NEW YORK
                                                                              STATUTORY     STATUTORY    POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                ASSETS     LIABILITIES      SURPLUS
                                                                             ------------  ------------  --------------
The AEtna Casualty & Surety Company........................................  $ 10,225,604  $  8,312,158  $   1,913,446
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company...........................................     7,126,217     5,116,059      2,010,158
The Travelers Indemnity Company............................................    10,461,356     8,654,130      1,807,226
CIGNA Property and Casualty Company (formerly Aetna Insurance Company).....     4,260,177     3,637,513        622,664
The Continental Insurance Company..........................................     3,060,583     2,380,723        679,860
                                                                             ------------  ------------  --------------
        Total..............................................................  $ 35,133,937  $ 28,100,583  $   7,033,354
                                                                             ------------  ------------  --------------
                                                                             ------------  ------------  --------------








Insurance companies  are subject  to  extensive regulation  and  supervision
where  they  do  business  by state  insurance  commissioners  who  regulate the
standards of solvency which must be maintained, the nature of and limitations on
investments, reports of financial condition, and requirements regarding reserves
for unearned premiums, losses  and other matters. A  significant portion of  the
assets  of insurance companies is required by  law to be held in reserve against
potential claims on policies and is not available to general creditors. Although
the federal  government does  not regulate  the business  of insurance,  federal
initiatives  including  pension  regulation,  controls  on  medical  care costs,
minimum standards for no-fault automobile insurance, national health  insurance,
tax  law changes affecting life insurance  companies and repeal of the antitrust
exemption for  the insurance  business can  significantly impact  the  insurance
business.


The  above ratings are not  recommendations to buy, sell  or hold the Bonds,
and such ratings may  be subject to  revision or withdrawal at  any time by  the
rating  agencies. Any downward revision or  withdrawal of either or both ratings
may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bonds. See the Information
Supplement--for further information concerning insurance.


Because the insurance on the Bonds, if any, will be effective so long as the
Bonds are outstanding, such insurance will be taken into account in  determining
the  market value  of the  Bonds and therefore  some value  attributable to such
insurance will be included in the value of the Units of the Insured Trusts.  The
insurance  does not, however, guarantee the market  value of the Bonds or of the
Units.



HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?



The Public Offering Price of the Units  of each Trust is equal to the  Trustee's
determination  of the aggregate  OFFERING prices of  the Bonds deposited therein
(minus any  advancement  to the  principal  account of  the  Trust made  by  the
Trustee)  plus a sales charge set forth  in "Essential Information" in Part A of
this Prospectus, in  each case  adding to  the total  thereof cash  held by  the
Trust,  if  any,  and  dividing the  sum  so  obtained by  the  number  of Units
outstanding in the Trust. See "UNIT VALUE AND EVALUATION."


The sales charge applicable to quantity purchases is reduced on a  graduated
scale  for sales to any purchaser  of at least $50,000 or  500 Units and will be
applied on whichever basis is more  favorable to the purchaser. For purposes  of
calculating  the applicable  sales charge,  purchasers who  have indicated their
intent to purchase a specified  amount of Units of any  Trust in the primary  or
secondary  offering period by executing and delivering a letter of intent to the
Sponsor, which letter of intent must be in a form acceptable to the Sponsor  and
shall  have a maximum duration of thirteen months, will be eligible to receive a
reduced sales charge according  to the following tables  based on the amount  of
intended  aggregate  purchases as  expressed  in the  letter  of intent.  Due to
administrative limitations and in  order to permit  adequate tracking, the  only
secondary  market  purchases that  will be  permitted to  be applied  toward the
intended specified amount and that will receive the corresponding reduced  sales
charge  are  those Units  that  are acquired  through  or from  the  Sponsor. By
establishing a letter of intent, a Unitholder agrees that the first purchase  of
Units  following the execution of  such letter of intent will  be at least 5% of
the  total  amount  of  the  intended  aggregate  purchases  expressed  in  such
Unitholder's  letter of intent. Further, through the establishment of the letter
of intent, such Unitholder agrees that Units representing 5% of the total amount
of the  intended  purchases  will be  held  in  escrow by  the  Trustee  pending
completion of these purchases. All distributions on Units held in escrow will be
credited  to  such  Unitholder's  account.  If  total  purchases  prior  to  the
expiration of the letter of intent  period equal or exceed the amount  specified
in a Unitholder's letter of intent, the Units held in escrow will be transferred
to such Unitholder's account. A Unitholder who purchases Units during the letter
of  intent period in excess  of the number of  Units specified in a Unitholder's
letter of intent, the amount of which would cause the Unitholder to be  eligible
to receive an additional sales charge reduction, will be allowed such additional
sales  charge reduction on the purchase of  Units which caused the Unitholder to
reach such  new  breakpoint level  and  on  all additional  purchases  of  Units


9





during  the letter of  intent period. If  the total purchases  are less than the
amount specified, the Unitholder involved must  pay the Sponsor an amount  equal
to  the difference between the amounts paid  for these purchases and the amounts
which would have  been paid if  the higher  sales charge had  been applied;  the
Unitholder  will, however, be entitled to any reduced sales charge qualified for
by reaching any  lower breakpoint  level. If such  Unitholder does  not pay  the
additional  amount within 20  days after written  request by the  Sponsor or the
Unitholder's securities representative, the Sponsor will instruct the Trustee to
redeem an appropriate number of the escrowed Units to meet the required payment.
By establishing  a  letter of  intent,  a Unitholder  irrevocably  appoints  the
Sponsor  as  attorney  to  give  instructions  to  redeem  any  or  all  of such
Unitholder's escrowed Units, with full power of substitution in the premises.  A
Unitholder  or his  securities representative  must notify  the Sponsor whenever
such Unitholder makes a purchase of Units  that he wishes to be counted  towards
the  intended amount.  Sales charges during  the primary offering  period are as
follows:








                                                                                                              NATIONAL AND
                                                                                                                 STATE
                                          NATIONAL AND STATE LONG TERM                                        INTERMEDIATE
                                                     TRUSTS                   LONG INTERMEDIATE TRUSTS           TRUSTS
                                          -----------------------------     -----------------------------     ------------
                                            PERCENT          PERCENT          PERCENT          PERCENT          PERCENT
                                               OF             OF NET             OF             OF NET             OF
                                            OFFERING          AMOUNT          OFFERING          AMOUNT          OFFERING
            NUMBER OF UNITS*                 PRICE           INVESTED          PRICE           INVESTED          PRICE
----------------------------------------  ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Less than 500...........................         4.90 %          5.152 %           4.25 %          4.439 %           3.90%
500 but less than 1,000.................         4.75            4.987             4.15            4.330             3.70
1,000 but less than 2,500...............         4.50            4.712             3.85            4.004             3.50
2,500 but less than 5,000...............         4.25            4.439             3.60            3.734             3.25
5,000 but less than 10,000..............         3.50            3.627             3.35            3.466             3.00
10,000 but less than 25,000.............         3.00            3.093             3.00            3.093             2.75
25,000 but less than 50,000.............         2.50            2.564             2.50            2.564             2.50
50,000 or more..........................         2.00            2.041             2.00            2.041             2.00


                                            PERCENT
                                             OF NET
                                             AMOUNT
            NUMBER OF UNITS*                INVESTED
----------------------------------------  ------------
Less than 500...........................        4.058 %
500 but less than 1,000.................        3.842
1,000 but less than 2,500...............        3.627
2,500 but less than 5,000...............        3.359
5,000 but less than 10,000..............        3.093
10,000 but less than 25,000.............        2.828
25,000 but less than 50,000.............        2.564
50,000 or more..........................        2.041














                                            NATIONAL AND STATE SHORT
                                               INTERMEDIATE TRUSTS                SHORT TERM TRUSTS
                                          -----------------------------     -----------------------------
                                            PERCENT          PERCENT          PERCENT          PERCENT
                                               OF             OF NET             OF             OF NET
                                            OFFERING          AMOUNT          OFFERING          AMOUNT
            NUMBER OF UNITS*                 PRICE           INVESTED          PRICE           INVESTED
----------------------------------------  ------------     ------------     ------------     ------------
Less than 500...........................         3.00 %          3.093 %           2.50 %          2.564 %
500 but less than 1,000.................         2.80            2.881             2.30            2.354
1,000 but less than 2,500...............         2.60            2.670             2.10            2.145
2,500 but less than 5,000...............         2.35            2.407             1.85            1.885
5,000 but less than 10,000..............         2.10            2.145             1.60            1.626
10,000 but less than 25,000.............         1.85            1.885             1.35            1.368
25,000 but less than 50,000.............         1.80            1.833             1.25            1.266
50,000 or more..........................         1.50            1.523             1.15            1.163








*Breakpoint sales charges are computed both on  a dollar basis and on the  basis
of the number of Units purchased, using the equivalent of 500 Units to $50,000,
2,500  Units to $250,000 etc., and will be  applied on that basis which is more
favorable to the purchaser.


For "secondary market"  sales the  Public Offering  Price per  Unit of  each
Trust is determined by adding to the Trustee's determination of the BID price of
each  Bond in the Trust  a sales charge determined  in accordance with the table
set forth below based upon the number of years remaining to the maturity of each
such Bond. See "UNIT VALUE AND EVALUATION."  The effect of this method of  sales
charge  calculation will be that different sales charge rates will be applied to
the various Bonds in a Trust portfolio based upon the maturities of such  Bonds.
As  shown, the sales charge  on Bonds in each  maturity range (and therefore the
aggregate sales charge on the purchase) is reduced with respect to purchases  of
at least $50,000 or 500 Units:








                                                                       AMOUNT OF PURCHASE*
                              -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $50,000      $100,000     $250,000     $500,000    $1,000,000   $2,500,000
                                UNDER          TO           TO           TO           TO           TO           TO       $5,000,000
YEARS TO MATURITY              $50,000      $99,999      $249,999     $499,999     $999,999    $2,499,999   $4,999,999    OR MORE
----------------------------------------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Less than 1...................         0           0            0            0            0            0            0            0
1 but less than 2.............     1.523 %     1.446 %      1.369 %      1.317 %      1.215 %      1.061 %       .900 %       .750 %
2 but less than 3.............     2.041       1.937        1.833        1.729        1.626        1.420        1.225        1.030
3 but less than 4.............     2.564       2.433        2.302        2.175        2.041        1.781        1.546        1.310
4 but less than 5.............     3.093       2.961        2.828        2.617        2.459        2.175        1.883        1.590
5 but less than 7.............     3.627       3.433        3.239        3.093        2.881        2.460        2.165        1.870
7 but less than 10............     4.167       3.951        3.734        3.520        3.239        2.828        2.489        2.150
10 but less than 13...........     4.712       4.467        4.221        4.004        3.788        3.253        2.842        2.430
13 but less than 16...........     5.263       4.988        4.712        4.439        4.167        3.627        3.169        2.710
16 or more....................     5.820       5.542        5.263        4.987        4.603        4.004        3.500        3.000








*Breakpoint  sales charges are computed both on a dollar basis and on the basis
of the  number  of Units  purchased,  using the  equivalent  of 500  Units  to
$50,000,  2,500 Units  to $250,000,  etc., and will  be applied  on that basis
which is more favorable to the purchaser.


The secondary market sales charges above  are expressed as a percent of  the
net  amount invested; expressed as  a percent of the  Public Offering Price, the
maximum sales charge on a Trust,  for instance one consisting entirely of  Bonds
with  16 years  or more to  maturity, would be  5.50% (5.820% of  the net amount
invested). The  actual secondary  market  sales charge  included in  the  Public
Offering  Price of  any particular  Trust will depend  on the  maturities of the
Bonds in the portfolio of such Trust.


10





Pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, the Trustee may terminate a Trust if
the net asset value of such Trust, as shown by any evaluation, is less than  20%
of the original principal amount of the Trust.


At  all  times while  Units are  being  offered for  sale, the  Sponsor will
appraise or cause to  be appraised daily  the value of  the underlying Bonds  in
each  Trust as of 4:00 p.m. eastern time, or as of any earlier closing time on a
day on  which the  New York  Stock  Exchange (the  "Exchange") is  scheduled  in
advance  to close at such earlier time and will adjust the Public Offering Price
of the Units commensurate with such  appraisal. Such Public Offering Price  will
be  effective for all orders received by a  dealer or the Sponsor at or prior to
4:00 p.m. eastern time on each such day  or as of any earlier closing time on  a
day on which the Exchange is scheduled in advance to close at such earlier time.
Orders  received after that time, or on a  day when the Exchange is closed for a
scheduled holiday  or weekend,  will be  held until  the next  determination  of
price.


Accrued  interest from the preceding Record  Date to, but not including, the
settlement date of the transaction (three business days after purchase) will  be
added to the Public Offering Price to determine the purchase price of Units. See
"WHAT IS ACCRUED INTEREST?"


The  graduated sales  charges set forth  above will apply  on all applicable
purchases of Nuveen  investment company securities  on any one  day by the  same
purchaser  in the amounts stated, and for  this purpose purchases of this Series
will be aggregated with concurrent purchases of any other Series or of shares of
any open-end management  investment company  of which the  Sponsor is  principal
underwriter and with respect to the purchase of which a sales charge is imposed.
Purchases  by  or for  the account  of individuals  and their  spouses, parents,
children, grandchildren, grandparents, parents-in-law, sons- and
daughters-in-law,  siblings,  a  sibling's   spouse  and  a  spouse's   siblings
("immediate  family  members") will  be aggregated  to determine  the applicable
sales charge. The graduated  sales charges are also  applicable to a trustee  or
other  fiduciary  purchasing  securities for  a  single trust  estate  or single
fiduciary account. Units may be purchased at the Public Offering Price without a
sales charge by officers or directors  and by bona fide, full-time employees  of
Nuveen,  Nuveen Advisory Corp., Nuveen Institutional Advisory Corp. and The John
Nuveen Company, including  in each  case these individuals  and their  immediate
family members (as defined above).


Units  may be purchased in the primary market with sales charges of 1.70% of
the Public Offering Price for National and State Long Term Trusts, 1.35% of  the
Public Offering Price for Long Intermediate Trusts, 1.20% of the Public Offering
Price  for National and  State Intermediate Trusts, 1.0%  of the Public Offering
Price for National and  State Short Intermediate Trusts  and 1.0% of the  Public
Offering Price for Short Term Trusts by (1) investors who purchase Units through
registered  investment  advisers,  certified financial  planners  and registered
broker-dealers who  in  each case  either  charge periodic  fees  for  financial
planning,  investment  advisory or  asset management  services, or  provide such
services in connection with the establishment of an investment account for which
a comprehensive  "wrap  fee"  charge  is imposed,  (2)  bank  trust  departments
investing  funds  over which  they  exercise exclusive  discretionary investment
authority and  that  are held  in  a  fiduciary, agency,  custodial  or  similar
capacity, (3) any person who for at least 90 days, has been an officer, director
or  bona fide employee of any firm offering Units for sale to investors or their
immediate family members (as  defined above) and (4)  officers and directors  of
bank   holding  companies  that   make  Units  available   directly  or  through
subsidiaries or bank affiliates  (collectively, the "Discounted Purchases").  In
addition,  such  investors may  purchase Units  in the  secondary market  at the
Public Offering  Price for  non-breakpoint purchases  minus the  concession  the
Sponsor  typically allows to  brokers and dealers  for non-breakpoint purchases.
Notwithstanding anything  to  the contrary  in  this Prospectus,  investors  who
purchase  Units as  described in  this paragraph  will not  receive sales charge
reductions for quantity purchases.


The initial or primary Public Offering Price  of the Units in each Trust  is
based upon a pro rata share of the OFFERING prices per Unit of the Bonds in such
Trust  plus the  applicable sales charge.  The secondary  market Public Offering
Price of each Trust is based upon a pro rata share of the BID prices per Unit of
the Bonds in such Trust plus the applicable sales charge. The OFFERING prices of
Bonds in a Trust may be expected to average between 1/2% to 2% more than the BID
prices of such  Bonds. The difference  between the bid  side evaluation and  the
offering side evaluation of the Bonds in each Trust on the business day prior to
the Date of Deposit is shown in the discussion of each Trust portfolio.


Whether  or not Units are being offered for sale, the Sponsor will determine
the aggregate value of each Trust as of 4:00 p.m. eastern time: (i) on each June
30 or December 31 (or, if such date is not a business day, the last business day
prior thereto), (ii) on any day on  which a Unit is tendered for redemption  (or
the  next succeeding business day  if the date of  tender is a non-business day)
and (iii) at such other times as may be necessary. For this purpose, a "business
day" shall be any day on which  the Exchange is normally open. (See "UNIT  VALUE
AND EVALUATION.")



MARKET FOR UNITS



During  the  initial public  offering period,  the Sponsor  intends to  offer to
purchase Units of each  Trust at a  price equivalent to the  pro rata share  per
Unit  of the OFFERING prices of the Bonds in such Trust (plus accrued interest).
Afterward, although  it  is not  obligated  to do  so,  the Sponsor  intends  to
maintain  a secondary  market for  Units of  each Trust  at its  own expense and
continuously to offer  to purchase  Units of each  Trust at  prices, subject  to
change  at  any time,  which  are based  upon  the BID  prices  of Bonds  in the
respective portfolios of the  Trusts. UNITHOLDERS WHO WISH  TO DISPOSE OF  THEIR
UNITS SHOULD INQUIRE OF THE TRUSTEE OR THEIR BROKER AS TO THE CURRENT REDEMPTION
PRICE.  (See "HOW UNITS MAY BE REDEEMED WITHOUT CHARGE?") In connection with its
secondary marketmaking activities, the Sponsor may from time to time enter  into
secondary  market  joint  account  agreements with  other  brokers  and dealers.
Pursuant to such an agreement, the Sponsor will


11





purchase Units from the  broker or dealer  at the bid price  and will place  the
Units  into a joint account managed by  the Sponsor; sales from the account will
be made in accordance with the then  current prospectus and the Sponsor and  the
broker  or  dealer  will  share  profits and  losses  in  the  joint  account in
accordance with the terms of their joint account agreement.


Certificates, if any, for Units are  delivered to the purchaser as  promptly
after the date of settlement (three business days after purchase) as the Trustee
can  complete  the mechanics  of registration,  normally  within 48  hours after
registration instructions are received. Purchasers of Units to whom Certificates
are issued will be unable  to exercise any right  of redemption until they  have
received their Certificates, properly endorsed for transfer. (See "HOW UNITS MAY
BE REDEEMED WITHOUT CHARGE?")



WHAT IS ACCRUED INTEREST?



Accrued  interest is the accumulation of unpaid interest on a bond from the last
day on which  interest thereon  was paid.  Interest on  Bonds in  each Trust  is
accounted  for daily on an accrual basis. For this reason, the purchase price of
Units of a Trust will  include not only the Public  Offering Price but also  the
proportionate  share  of accrued  interest to  the  date of  settlement. Accrued
interest does not  include accrual  of original  issue discount  on zero  coupon
bonds,  Stripped Obligations  or other  original issue  discount bonds. Interest
accrues to the  benefit of Unitholders  commencing with the  settlement date  of
their purchase transaction.


In  an effort to reduce the amount  of accrued interest that investors would
have to pay in addition to the Public Offering Price, the Trustee has agreed  to
advance  to each Trust the amount of accrued interest due on the Bonds as of the
Date of Deposit (which has been designated  the first Record Date for all  plans
of  distribution). This  accrued interest  will be  paid to  the Sponsor  as the
holder of record of all Units on  the Date of Deposit. Consequently, the  amount
of  accrued interest  to be  added to  the Public  Offering Price  of Units will
include only accrued interest  from the Date of  Deposit to, but not  including,
the  date of  settlement of the  investor's purchase (three  business days after
purchase), less any distributions from the related Interest Account. The Trustee
will recover its  advancements (without interest  or other cost  to the  Trusts)
from interest received on the Bonds deposited in each Trust.


The  Trustee has no  cash for distribution to  Unitholders until it receives
interest payments on the Bonds in  the Trusts. Since municipal bond interest  is
accrued  daily but  paid only  semi-annually, during  the initial  months of the
Trusts, the Interest  Accounts, consisting of  accrued but uncollected  interest
and  collected interest  (cash), will  be predominantly  the uncollected accrued
interest that is not available for distribution. However, due to advances by the
Trustee, the Trustee will provide a first distribution between approximately  30
and  60 days after the Date of Deposit. Assuming each Trust retains its original
size and composition  and expenses  and fees  remain the  same, annual  interest
collected  and distributed  will approximate  the estimated  Net Annual Interest
Income stated herein. However,  the amount of accrued  interest at any point  in
time  will  be greater  than  the amount  that  the Trustee  will  have actually
received and distributed to the Unitholders. Therefore, there will always remain
an item of  accrued interest  that is  included in  the Purchase  Price and  the
redemption price of the Units.


Interest  is accounted  for daily and  a proportionate share  of accrued and
undistributed interest computed from the preceding  Record Date is added to  the
daily  valuation of each Unit of each Trust.  (See Part A of this Prospectus and
"WHEN ARE DISTRIBUTIONS MADE TO UNITHOLDERS?") As Bonds mature, or are  redeemed
or  sold,  the  accrued  interest  applicable to  such  bonds  is  collected and
subsequently distributed to Unitholders. Unitholders who sell or redeem all or a
portion of their Units will be  paid their proportionate share of the  remaining
accrued  interest to,  but not including,  the third business  day following the
date of sale or tender.



WHAT ARE ESTIMATED LONG TERM RETURN AND ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN?



The Estimated Long Term Return for each Trust is a measure of the return to  the
investor  expected  to be  earned  over the  estimated  life of  the  Trust. The
Estimated Long Term Return represents an  average of the yields to maturity  (or
call)  of  the Bonds  in  the Trust's  portfolio  calculated in  accordance with
accepted bond practice and adjusted to reflect expenses and sales charges. Under
accepted bond practice, tax-exempt bonds are customarily offered to investors on
a "yield price" basis, which involves computation of yield to maturity or to  an
earlier  call date  (whichever produces the  lower yield), and  which takes into
account not only the interest payable on the bonds but also the amortization  or
accretion  of  any premium  over,  or discount  from,  the par  (maturity) value
inherent in the bond's purchase price. In the calculation of Estimated Long Term
Return, the average yield for a  Trust's portfolio is derived by weighting  each
Bond's yield by the market value of the Bond and by the amount of time remaining
to  the date to  which the Bond is  priced. This weighted  average yield is then
adjusted to  reflect estimated  expenses, is  compounded, and  is reduced  by  a
factor  which represents the amortization of  the sales charge over the expected
average life of  a Trust. The  Estimated Long Term  Return calculation does  not
take  into account the effect  of a first distribution which  may be less than a
regular distribution or may  be paid at  some point after 30  days (or a  second
distribution  which may be  less than a normal  distribution for Unitholders who
choose quarterly or  semi-annual plans of  distribution), and it  also does  not
take into account the difference in timing of payments to Unitholders who choose
quarterly  or semi-annual plans  of distribution, each of  which will reduce the
return.


12





Estimated Current Return  is computed  by dividing the  Net Annual  Interest
Income per Unit by the Public Offering Price. In contrast to Estimated Long Term
Return, Estimated Current Return does not reflect the amortization of premium or
accretion  of discount, if any, on the  Bonds in a Trust's portfolio. Net Annual
Interest Income per Unit is calculated by dividing the annual interest income to
a Trust, less estimated expenses, by the number of Units outstanding.


Net Annual Interest  Income per  Unit, used to  calculate Estimated  Current
Return,  will vary  with changes  in fees  and expenses  of the  Trustee and the
Evaluator and  with the  redemption,  maturity, exchange  or  sale of  Bonds.  A
Unitholder's  actual return may vary  significantly from the Estimated Long-Term
Return, based  on their  holding  period, market  interest rate  changes,  other
factors  affecting  the  prices  of  individual  bonds  in  the  portfolio,  and
differences between  the expected  remaining  life of  portfolio bonds  and  the
actual  length of time that they remain  in a Trust; such actual holding periods
may be reduced by termination of  a Trust, as described in "OTHER  INFORMATION."
Since  both  the Estimated  Current Return  and the  Estimated Long  Term Return
quoted herein are  based on  the market  value of  the underlying  Bonds on  the
business  day prior  to the  Date of  Deposit, subsequent  calculations of these
performance  measures  will  reflect  the  then  current  market  value  of  the
underlying  Bonds and may be higher or lower. The Sponsor will provide estimated
cash flow  information relating  to a  Trust without  charge to  each  potential
investor  in a Trust who  receives this prospectus and  makes an oral or written
request to the Sponsor for such information.


A portion of the  monies received by  a Trust may be  treated, in the  first
year  only, as a return of principal due to the inclusion in the Trust portfolio
of "when-issued"  or  other  Bonds  having delivery  dates  after  the  date  of
settlement  for purchases  made on  the Date of  Deposit. A  consequence of this
treatment is that in the computation  of Estimated Current Return for the  first
year, such monies are excluded from Net Annual Interest Income and treated as an
adjustment  to the Public Offering Price. (See "Essential Information" appearing
in Part A  of this  Prospectus, "COMPOSITION  OF TRUSTS"  and "WHAT  IS THE  TAX

STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?")


A  comparison of tax-free  and equivalent taxable  estimated current returns
with the returns on  various taxable investments is  one element to consider  in
making  an  investment  decision. The  Sponsor  may  from time  to  time  in its
advertising and sales materials compare the then current estimated returns on  a
Trust  and returns  over specified periods  on other similar  Nuveen Trusts with
returns on taxable investments such as corporate or U.S. Government bonds,  bank
CD's  and  money  market accounts  or  money  market funds,  each  of  which has
investment characteristics  that  may  differ  from those  of  the  Trust.  U.S.
Government  bonds, for example, are  backed by the full  faith and credit of the
U.S. Government and bank CD's and money market accounts are insured by an agency
of the federal government. Money market accounts and money market funds  provide
stability  of principal, but pay interest at  rates that vary with the condition
of the short-term debt market. The investment characteristics of the Trusts  are
described more fully elsewhere in the Prospectus.



HOW WAS THE PRICE OF THE BONDS DETERMINED AT THE DATE OF DEPOSIT?



The prices at which the Bonds deposited in the Trusts would have been offered to
the  public on the business day prior to  the Date of Deposit were determined by
the Trustee on the basis  of an evaluation of such  Bonds prepared by Kenny  S&P
Evaluation  Services, a division of J. J.  Kenny Co., Inc. ("Kenny S&P"), a firm
regularly  engaged  in  the  business  of  evaluating,  quoting  or   appraising
comparable  bonds. With respect to Bonds in  Insured Trusts and insured Bonds in
Traditional Trusts, Kenny S&P evaluated the  Bonds as so insured. (See "WHY  AND
HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?")


The  amount by which  the Trustee's determination of  the OFFERING PRICES of
the Bonds deposited  in the Trusts  was greater or  less than the  cost of  such
Bonds  to  the  Sponsor was  PROFIT  OR LOSS  to  the Sponsor  exclusive  of any
underwriting profit.  (See Part  A of  this Prospectus.)  The Sponsor  also  may
realize  FURTHER PROFIT OR SUSTAIN  FURTHER LOSS as a  result of fluctuations in
the Public Offering  Price of the  Units. Cash,  if any, made  available to  the
Sponsor  prior to the settlement  date for a purchase of  Units, or prior to the
acquisition of all Portfolio securities by a Trust, may be available for use  in
the Sponsor's business, and may be of benefit to the Sponsor.



WHAT IS THE TAX STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?



At  the respective  times of  issuance of  the Bonds,  opinions relating  to the
validity thereof and  to the exclusion  of interest thereon  from Federal  gross
income  were rendered by bond counsel  to the respective issuing authorities. In
addition, with respect to  State Trusts, where applicable,  bond counsel to  the
issuing  authorities rendered opinions  as to the exemption  of interest on such
Bonds, when held by residents  of the state in which  the issuers of such  Bonds
are  located, from state income taxes and certain state or local intangibles and
local income taxes. For a discussion of the tax status of State Trusts, see Part
A of this Prospectus. Neither  the Sponsor nor Chapman  and Cutler has made  any
special review for the Trusts of the proceedings relating to the issuance of the
Bonds  or of the basis for the opinions rendered in connection therewith. If the
interest on a Bond should be determined to be taxable, the Bond would  generally
have  to be  sold at  a substantial  discount. In  addition, investors  could be
required to pay  income tax  on interest  received prior  to the  date of  which
interest is determined to be taxable.


Federally  tax-exempt income, including income on  Units of the Trusts, will
be taken into consideration in computing the portion, if any, of social security
benefits received that will be included in a taxpayer's gross income subject  to
the Federal income tax.


13





Gain  realized on the sale or redemption of the Bonds by the Trustee or of a
Unit by  a Unitholder  is includable  in  gross income  for Federal  income  tax
purposes,  and may be includable  in gross income for  state tax purposes. (Such
gain does not  include any  amounts received  in respect  of tax-exempt  accrued
interest  or accrued original issue discount, if any.) Sections 1288 and 1272 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") provide a complex set
of rules governing the accrual of  original issue discount. These rules  provide
that  original issue discount accrues either on the basis of a constant compound
interest rate or ratably over  the term of the Bond,  depending on the date  the
Bond  was issued. In  addition, special rules  apply if the  purchase price of a
Bond exceeds the original issue price plus the amount of original issue discount
which would have previously  accrued based upon its  issue price (its  "adjusted
issue price") to prior owners. If a Bond is acquired with accrued interest, that
portion  of the price paid for the accrued interest is added to the tax basis of
the Bond. When this accrued interest is  received, it is treated as a return  of
capital  and reduces the  tax basis of  the Bond. If  a Bond is  purchased for a
premium, the amount of the premium is added  to the tax basis of the Bond.  Bond
premium  is amortized over the remaining term of  the Bond, and the tax basis of
the Bond is reduced each tax year by the amount of the premium amortized in that
tax year. The application of these rules  will also vary depending on the  value
of  the Bond  on the  date a  Unitholder acquires  his Units  and the  price the
Unitholder pays  for  his  Units.  Unitholders should  consult  with  their  tax
advisers regarding these rules and their application.


The "Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993" (the "Tax Act") subjects tax-exempt
bonds  to the market discount  rules of the Code,  effective for bonds purchased
after April 30,  1993. In general,  market discount  is the amount  (if any)  by
which  the stated  redemption price at  maturity exceeds  an investor's purchase
price (except to  the extent that  such difference, if  any, is attributable  to
original  issue discount  not yet  accrued), subject  to a  statutory DE MINIMIS
rule. Market discount can arise based on the price the Trust pays for the  Bonds
or  the  price a  Unitholder  pays for  his  or her  Units.  Under the  Tax Act,
accretion of market discount is taxable as ordinary income; under prior law, the
accretion had been treated as capital gain. Market discount that accretes  while
the Trust holds a Bond would be recognized as ordinary income by the Unitholders
when  principal payments are  received on the  Bond, upon sale  or at redemption
(including early  redemption), or  upon the  sale or  redemption of  his or  her
Units,  unless a Unitholder elects to  include market discount in taxable income
as it accrues.  The market  discount rules  are complex  and Unitholders  should
consult their tax advisors regarding these rules and their application.


In the opinion of Chapman and Cutler, Counsel to the Sponsor, under existing
law:


(1) the  Trusts  are not  associations taxable  as corporations  for Federal
income tax purposes, and interest and accrued original issue discount on
Bonds which is excludable from gross  income under the Code will  retain
its  status when distributed  to the Unitholders;  however such interest
may be taken into account in  computing the alternative minimum tax,  an
additional tax on branches of foreign corporations and the environmental
tax  (the  "Superfund  Tax").  See "CERTAIN  TAX  MATTERS  APPLICABLE TO
CORPORATE UNITHOLDERS", below;


(2) each Unitholder of a Trust is considered  to be the owner of a pro  rata
portion  of such Trust under Subpart E, subchapter J of Chapter 1 of the
Code and will have a taxable event when the Trust disposes of a Bond  or
when  the Unitholder redeems or sells Units. Unitholders must reduce the
tax basis of their Units for their share of accrued interest received by
the Trust, if  any, on  Bonds delivered  after the  Unitholders pay  for
their  Units  to the  extent that  such interest  accrued on  such Bonds
before the  date the  Trust acquired  ownership of  the Bonds  (and  the
amount  of this reduction may exceed the amount of accrued interest paid
to the seller) during the period from the Unitholders settlement date to
the date  such  Bonds  are  delivered  to  the  respective  Trusts  and,
consequently,  such Unitholders may have an  increase in taxable gain or
reduction in capital loss  upon the disposition of  such Units. Gain  or
loss  upon the sale or redemption of  Units is measured by comparing the
proceeds of  such sale  or redemption  with the  adjusted basis  of  the
Units.  If the  Trustee disposes of  Bonds (whether by  sale, payment at
maturity, redemption or otherwise),  gain or loss  is recognized to  the
Unitholder. The amount of any such gain or loss is measured by comparing
the  Unitholder's  pro  rata  share  of  the  total  proceeds  from such
disposition with  the  Unitholder's  basis for  his  or  her  fractional
interest  in the  asset disposed  of. In  the case  of a  Unitholder who
purchases Units, such basis (before adjustment for earned original issue
discount  and  amortized  bond  premium,   if  any)  is  determined   by
apportioning  the  cost of  the  Units among  each  of the  Trust assets
ratably according to value as of the valuation date nearest the date  of
acquisition  of the Units. The tax  basis reduction requirements of said
Code  relating  to  amortization  of   bond  premium  may,  under   some
circumstances,  result in the  Unitholder realizing a  taxable gain when
his or her Units are sold or  redeemed for an amount less than or  equal
to their original cost; and


(3) any  amounts paid on defaulted Bonds  held by the Trustee under policies
of insurance issued with respect to  such Bonds will be excludable  from
Federal  gross income if, and to the same extent as, such interest would
have been so excludable if  paid in the normal  course by the issuer  of
the  defaulted  Bonds  provided  that, at  the  time  such  policies are
purchased, the amounts paid for such policies are reasonable,  customary
and  consistent with the  reasonable expectation that  the issuer of the
Bonds, rather than  the insurer,  will pay  debt service  on the  Bonds.
Paragraph  (2)  of  this  opinion is  accordingly  applicable  to policy
proceeds representing maturing interest.


14





In the opinion of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn, counsel to the Trustee, and, in the
absence of a New York Trust from the Series, special counsel for the Series  for
New York tax matters, under existing law:


Under  the income tax laws of the State and City of New York, each Trust
is not an association taxable as a corporation and the income of each  Trust
will be treated as the income of the Unitholders.


For  a summary of  each opinion of  special counsel to  the respective State
Trusts for state tax matters, see Part A of this Prospectus.


ALL STATEMENTS IN THE PROSPECTUS CONCERNING EXCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME  FOR
FEDERAL, STATE OR OTHER TAX PURPOSES ARE THE OPINION OF COUNSEL AND ARE TO BE SO
CONSTRUED.


Counsel for the Sponsor has also advised that under Section 265 of the Code,
interest  on indebtedness incurred or continued to  purchase or carry Units of a
Trust is not deductible  for Federal income tax  purposes. The Internal  Revenue
Service  has  taken the  position that  such indebtedness  need not  be directly
traceable to the purchase or carrying  of Units (however, these rules  generally
do  not apply to interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or improve a
personal residence).  Also, under  Section 265  of the  Code, certain  financial
institutions that acquire Units would generally not be able to deduct any of the
interest  expense attributable to ownership of  such Units. On December 7, 1995,
the U.S. Treasury  Department released  proposed legislation  that, if  enacted,
would  generally  extend the  financial institution  rules to  all corporations,
effective for obligations  acquired after  the date  of announcement.  Investors
with questions regarding this issue should consult with their tax advisers.


In  the case  of certain  of the Bonds  in the  Trust, the  opinions of bond
counsel indicate that interest on such Bonds received by a "substantial user" of
the facilities  being financed  with the  proceeds of  these Bonds,  or  persons
related thereto, for periods while such Bonds are held by such a user or related
person,  will not be excludable from  Federal gross income, although interest on
such Bonds received  by others would  be excludable from  Federal gross  income.
"Substantial  user" and  "related person"  are defined  under the  Code and U.S.
Treasury Regulations.  Any  person  who  believes  that  he  or  she  may  be  a
"substantial user" or a "related person" as so defined should contact his or her
tax adviser.


For  purposes of computing  the alternative minimum  tax for individuals and
corporations, interest on certain specified tax-exempt private activity bonds is
included as a preference item. The Trusts do not include any such bonds.


CERTAIN TAX  MATTERS APPLICABLE  TO CORPORATE  UNITHOLDERS. In  the case  of
certain  corporations, the alternative minimum tax  and the Superfund Tax depend
upon the corporation's alternative minimum taxable income ("AMTI"), which is the
corporation's taxable income  with certain  adjustments. One  of the  adjustment
items  used in computing AMTI and the Superfund Tax of a corporation (other than
an S corporation, Regulated Investment Company, Real Estate Investment Trust, or
REMIC) is an amount equal to 75%  of the excess of such corporation's  "adjusted
current  earnings" over an amount equal to its AMTI (before such adjustment item
and the  alternative  tax  net  operating  loss  deduction).  "Adjusted  current
earnings"  includes all tax-exempt interest, including  interest on all Bonds in
the Trust. Under current  Code provisions, the Superfund  Tax does not apply  to
tax  years beginning  on or  after January 1,  1996. However,  the Superfund Tax
could be extended  retroactively. Under  the provisions  of Section  884 of  the
Code,  a branch profits tax is levied on the "effectively connected earnings and
profits" of certain foreign corporations which include tax-exempt interest  such
as  interest on  the Bonds  in the Trust.  Unitholders should  consult their tax
advisors with respect to the particular  tax consequences to them including  the
corporate  alternative minimum tax, the Superfund Tax and the branch profits tax
imposed by Section 884 of the Code.


Ownership  of  the  Units  may  result  in  collateral  federal  income  tax
consequences  to certain taxpayers,  including, without limitation, corporations
subject to either  the environmental tax  or the branch  profits tax,  financial
institutions,  certain insurance  companies, certain  S corporations, individual
recipients of Social Security or Railroad Retirement benefits and taxpayers  who
may  be deemed to have incurred (or continued) indebtedness to purchase or carry
tax-exempt obligations. Prospective investors should consult their tax  advisers
as to the applicability of any such collateral consequences.


EXCEPT  AS NOTED ABOVE  AND IN PART  A OF THIS  PROSPECTUS, THE EXEMPTION OF
INTEREST ON  STATE  AND  LOCAL  OBLIGATIONS  FOR  FEDERAL  INCOME  TAX  PURPOSES
DISCUSSED  ABOVE DOES  NOT NECESSARILY RESULT  IN EXEMPTION UNDER  THE INCOME OR
OTHER TAX LAWS OF ANY  STATE OR CITY. THE LAWS  OF THE SEVERAL STATES VARY  WITH
RESPECT TO THE TAXATION OF SUCH OBLIGATIONS.



WHAT ARE NORMAL TRUST OPERATING EXPENSES?



No  annual advisory  fee is charged  to the  Trusts by the  Sponsor. The Sponsor
does, however, receive a fee as set  forth in "Essential Information" in Part  A
of  this  Prospectus  for regularly  evaluating  the Bonds  and  for maintaining
surveillance over the portfolio. (See "UNIT VALUE AND EVALUATION.")


The Trustee receives for ordinary recurring services an annual fee for  each
plan  of distribution  for each  Trust as  set forth  in "Essential Information"
appearing in Part A of this Prospectus. Each annual fee is per $1,000  principal
amount  of the underlying  Bonds in a Trust  for that portion  of the Trust that
represents  a  particular  plan  of  distribution.  The  Trustee's  fee  may  be
periodically  adjusted in response to  fluctuations in short-term interest rates
(reflecting the  cost to  the Trustee  of advancing  funds to  a Trust  to  meet
scheduled  distributions) and  may be  further adjusted  in accordance  with the
cumulative percentage  increase  of  the United  States  Department  of  Labor's
Consumer  Price Index  entitled "All  Services Less  Rent of  Shelter" since the
establishment of the Trusts.  The Trustee has  the use of  funds, if any,  being
held in the Interest and


15





Principal  Accounts of each Trust for  future distributions, payment of expenses
and  redemptions.  These  Accounts  are  non-interest  bearing  to  Unitholders.
Pursuant  to normal  banking procedures,  the Trustee  benefits from  the use of
funds held therein. Part of the  Trustee's compensation for its services to  the
Trusts is expected to result from such use of these funds.


Premiums  for the policies  of insurance obtained  by the Sponsor  or by the
Bond issuers with respect to the Bonds in the Insured Trusts and with respect to
insured Bonds in Traditional Trusts have been paid in full prior to the  deposit
of the Bonds in the Trusts, and the value of such insurance has been included in
the evaluation of the Bonds in each Trust and accordingly in the Public Offering
Price  of Units of each Trust. There  are no annual continuing premiums for such
insurance.


All or  a portion  of  the expenses  incurred  in establishing  the  Trusts,
including costs of preparing the registration statement, the trust indenture and
other  closing  documents, registering  Units with  the Securities  and Exchange
Commission and states, the  initial audit of each  Trust portfolio, the  initial
evaluation,  legal fees, the  initial fees and  expenses of the  Trustee and any
other non-material  out-of-pocket  expenses, will  be  paid by  the  Trusts  and
amortized over the first five years of such Trusts. The following are additional
expenses of the Trusts and, when paid by or are owed to the Trustee, are secured
by  a lien  on the  assets of  the Trust  or Trusts  to which  such expenses are
allocable: (1) the expenses and costs of any action undertaken by the Trustee to
protect the Trusts  and the  rights and interests  of the  Unitholders; (2)  all
taxes  and other governmental charges  upon the Bonds or  any part of the Trusts
(no such taxes or charges are being levied  or made or, to the knowledge of  the
Sponsor,  contemplated); (3) amounts payable to the Trustee as fees for ordinary
recurring  services  and  for  extraordinary  non-recurring  services   rendered
pursuant to the Indenture, all disbursements and expenses including counsel fees
(including  fees  of bond  counsel which  the Trustee  may retain)  sustained or
incurred by  the  Trustee  in  connection  therewith;  and  (4)  any  losses  or
liabilities  accruing to  the Trustee without  negligence, bad  faith or willful
misconduct on its part. The Trustee is  empowered to sell Bonds in order to  pay
these  amounts if funds  are not otherwise available  in the applicable Interest
and Principal Accounts.


The Indenture requires each Trust  to be audited on  an annual basis at  the
expense  of the Trust by independent public accountants selected by the Sponsor.
The Trustee  shall not  be  required, however,  to cause  such  an audit  to  be
performed  if its cost to a Trust shall exceed $.05 per Unit on an annual basis.
Unitholders of a  Trust covered by  an audit may  obtain a copy  of the  audited
financial statements upon request.



WHEN ARE DISTRIBUTIONS MADE TO UNITHOLDERS?



Interest received by the Trustee on the Bonds in each Trust, including that part
of  the proceeds of  any disposition of Bonds  which represents accrued interest
and including  any insurance  proceeds representing  interest due  on  defaulted
Bonds,  shall be credited to the "Interest  Account" of such Trust and all other
moneys received by the Trustee shall  be credited to the "Principal Account"  of
such Trust.


The  pro rata share of  cash in the Principal Account  in each Trust will be
computed as of each semi-annual Record Date and distributions to the Unitholders
as of such Record Date will be made on or shortly after the fifteenth day of the
month. Proceeds received from the disposition, including sale, call or maturity,
of any of the Bonds and all amounts  paid with respect to zero coupon bonds  and
Stripped  Obligations will be held  in the Principal Account  and either used to
pay for Units  redeemed or distributed  on the Distribution  Date following  the
next semi-annual Record Date. The Trustee is not required to make a distribution
from  the  Principal  Account  of  any Trust  unless  the  amount  available for
distribution in such account equals at least ten cents per Unit.


The pro rata share of the Interest Account in each Trust will be computed by
the Trustee each month as of each Record Date and distributions will be made  on
or  shortly after the fifteenth day of the month to Unitholders of such Trust as
of the Record Date who are entitled to distributions at that time under the plan
of distribution chosen. Persons who purchase  Units between a Record Date and  a
Distribution Date will receive their first distribution on the Distribution Date
following the next Record Date under the applicable plan of distribution.


Purchasers  of  Units  who desire  to  receive interest  distributions  on a
monthly or quarterly basis may elect to do so at the time of purchase during the
initial public offering  period. Those indicating  no choice will  be deemed  to
have  chosen the  semi-annual distribution  plan. All  Unitholders, however, who
purchase Units during the  initial public offering period  and who hold them  of
record on the first Record Date will receive the first distribution of interest.
Thereafter, Record Dates for monthly distributions will be the first day of each
month;  Record  Dates  for quarterly  distributions  will  be the  first  day of
February,  May,  August   and  November;  and   Record  Dates  for   semi-annual
distributions  will be  the first day  of May and  November. See Part  A of this
Prospectus for details of distributions per Unit of each Trust under the various
plans based upon estimated  Net Annual Interest Income  at the Date of  Deposit.
The  amount of  the regular distributions  will generally change  when Bonds are
redeemed, mature or are sold or when fees and expenses increase or decrease. For
the purpose of minimizing  fluctuations in the  distributions from the  Interest
Account  of a Trust, the Trustee is authorized to advance such amounts as may be
necessary to provide for interest distributions of approximately equal  amounts.
The  Trustee shall be  reimbursed, without interest, for  any such advances from
funds in  the Interest  Account of  such  Trust. The  Trustee's fee  takes  into
account  the costs  attributable to  the outlay of  capital needed  to make such
advances.


The plan of  distribution selected  by a  Unitholder will  remain in  effect
until  changed.  Unitholders  purchasing  Units  in  the  secondary  market will
initially receive distributions  in accordance  with the election  of the  prior
owner. Unitholders


16





desiring  to change their  plan of distribution  may do so  by sending a written
notice requesting the change, together with any Certificate(s), to the  Trustee.
The notice and any Certificate(s) must be received by the Trustee not later than
the  semi-annual Record Date to be  effective as of the semi-annual distribution
following the subsequent semi-annual Record  Date. Unitholders are requested  to
make  any  such changes  within 45  days  prior to  the applicable  Record Date.
Certificates should only be sent by registered or certified mail to minimize the
possibility of  their being  lost or  stolen. (See  "OWNERSHIP AND  TRANSFER  OF
UNITS.")


As  of the first day of each month the Trustee will deduct from the Interest
Account of a Trust or, to the extent funds are not sufficient therein, from  the
Principal  Account of a  Trust, amounts needed  for payment of  expenses of such
Trust. The Trustee also may withdraw from said accounts such amount, if any,  as
it  deems necessary to establish a  reserve for any governmental charges payable
out of such  Trust. Amounts so  withdrawn shall not  be considered a  part of  a
Trust's  assets until such time  as the Trustee shall return  all or any part of
such amounts to the appropriate account. In addition, the Trustee shall withdraw
from the Interest Account and the Principal  Account of a Trust such amounts  as
may  be necessary to  cover redemptions of  Units of such  Trust by the Trustee.
Funds which are available for  future distributions, redemptions and payment  of
expenses  are held in accounts which are non-interest bearing to Unitholders and
are available for use by the Trustee pursuant to normal banking procedures.



ACCUMULATION PLAN



The Sponsor is also the principal  underwriter of several open-end mutual  funds
(the  "Accumulation Funds") into which Unitholders  may choose to reinvest Trust
distributions. Unitholders  may elect  to  reinvest principal  distributions  or
interest  and principal  distributions automatically, without  any sales charge.
Each Accumulation  Fund  has  investment  objectives  which  differ  in  certain
respects  from those of the Trusts and  may invest in securities which would not
be eligible  for  deposit in  the  Trusts. Further  information  concerning  the
Accumulation  Plan  and  a  list  of Accumulation  Funds  is  set  forth  in the
Information Supplement of this Prospectus,  which may be obtained by  contacting
the Trustee at the phone number listed on the back cover of this Prospectus.


Participants  may at any time, by so  notifying the Trustee in writing, elect to
change  the  Accumulation  Fund  into   which  their  distributions  are   being
reinvested,  to change from principal only  reinvestment to reinvestment of both
principal and interest or vice versa, or to terminate their participation in the
Accumulation Plan altogether and receive future distributions on their Units  in
cash.  There will be no  charge or other penalty for  such change of election or
termination. The character of Trust  distributions for income tax purposes  will
remain unchanged even if they are reinvested in an Accumulation Fund.



HOW DETAILED ARE REPORTS TO UNITHOLDERS?



The  Trustee  shall  furnish Unitholders  of  a  Trust in  connection  with each
distribution, a statement of the amount of  interest, if any, and the amount  of
other  receipts (received  since the preceding  distribution) being distributed,
expressed in each case  as a dollar  amount representing the  pro rata share  of
each Unit of a Trust outstanding and a year to date summary of all distributions
paid  on said Units.  Within a reasonable period  of time after  the end of each
calendar year, the Trustee shall furnish to each person, who at any time  during
the  calendar year  was a  registered Unitholder  of a  Trust, a  statement with
respect to  such  Trust  (i)  as to  the  Interest  Account:  interest  received
(including  amounts  representing  interest  received  upon  any  disposition of
Bonds), and, except  for any  State Trust, the  percentage of  such interest  by
states  in which the issuers  of the Bonds are  located, deductions for fees and
expenses of such Trust, redemption of Units and the balance remaining after such
distributions and deductions,  expressed in  each case  both as  a total  dollar
amount  and as  a dollar  amount representing  the pro  rata share  of each Unit
outstanding on the  last business  day of  such calendar  year; (ii)  as to  the
Principal  Account: the dates of  disposition of any Bonds  and the net proceeds
received therefrom (excluding  any portion representing  accrued interest),  the
amount  paid for purchase of Replacement  Bonds, the amount paid upon redemption
of Units, deductions for  payment of applicable taxes  and fees and expenses  of
the  Trustee, and the balance remaining  after such distributions and deductions
expressed both as a total dollar amount and as a dollar amount representing  the
pro  rata  share of  each  Unit outstanding  on the  last  business day  of such
calendar year;  (iii)  a  list  of  the Bonds  held  and  the  number  of  Units
outstanding  on the last business day of such calendar year; (iv) the Unit Value
based upon the last computation thereof made during such calendar year; and  (v)
amounts actually distributed during such calendar year from the Interest Account
and  from  the Principal  Account, separately  stated,  expressed both  as total
dollar amounts and  as dollar amounts  representing the pro  rata share of  each
Unit  outstanding. Each annual  statement will reflect  pertinent information in
respect of  all  plans of  distribution  so  that Unitholders  may  be  informed
regarding the results of other plans of distribution.



UNIT VALUE AND EVALUATION



The  value of each  Trust is determined by  the Sponsor on the  basis of (1) the
cash on hand in the Trust or moneys  in the process of being collected, (2)  the
value  of the Bonds in  the Trust based on  the BID prices of  the Bonds and (3)
interest  accrued  thereon   not  subject  to   collection,  LESS  (1)   amounts
representing  taxes or governmental charges payable out of the Trust and (2) the
accrued expenses of the Trust. The result of such computation is divided by  the
number  of Units of such  Trust outstanding as of  the date thereof to determine
the per Unit value ("Unit Value") of  such Trust. The Sponsor may determine  the
value  of the Bonds in each Trust (1) on  the basis of current BID prices of the
Bonds obtained from dealers or brokers who customarily deal in bonds  comparable
to  those held by a  Trust, (2) if bid  prices are not available  for any of the
Bonds, on the basis of bid prices for comparable bonds, (3) by causing the value
of the Bonds to be determined by others


17





engaged in the practice of evaluating, quoting or appraising comparable bonds or

(4) by any combination of  the above. Although the Unit  Value of each Trust  is
based on the BID prices of the Bonds, the Units are sold initially to the public
at the Public Offering Price based on the OFFERING prices of the Bonds.


Because  the insurance obtained  by the Sponsor  or by the  issuers of Bonds
with respect to  the Bonds in  the Insured  Trusts and with  respect to  insured
Bonds  in Traditional Trusts is effective so long as such Bonds are outstanding,
such insurance will be  taken into account in  determining the bid and  offering
prices  of such  Bonds and therefore  some value attributable  to such insurance
will be included in the value of Units of Trusts that include such Bonds.



HOW UNITS OF THE TRUSTS ARE DISTRIBUTED TO THE PUBLIC



Nuveen, in addition to being the Sponsor, is the sole Underwriter of the  Units.
It  is  the  intention  of  the  Sponsor  to  qualify  Units  of  National, Long
Intermediate, Intermediate, Short  Intermediate and Short  Term Trusts for  sale
under  the  laws of  substantially all  of the  states of  the United  States of
America, and Units  of State Trusts  only in the  state for which  the Trust  is
named and selected other states.


Promptly following the deposit of Bonds in exchange for Units of the Trusts,
it  is the practice of the Sponsor to place all of the Units as collateral for a
letter or letters of credit from one or more commercial banks under an agreement
to release such Units from time to  time as needed for distribution. Under  such
an  arrangement  the Sponsor  pays  such banks  compensation  based on  the then
current interest  rate. This  is  a normal  warehousing arrangement  during  the
period  of  distribution of  the Units  to public  investors. To  facilitate the
handling of  transactions,  sales of  Units  shall be  limited  to  transactions
involving a minimum of either $5,000 or 50 Units, whichever is less. The Sponsor
reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any order for the purchase of
Units.


The  Sponsor plans to allow a discount  to brokers and dealers in connection
with  the  primary  distribution   of  Units  and   also  in  secondary   market
transactions. The primary market discounts are as follows:








                                                         DISCOUNT PER UNIT
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 NATIONAL    LONG INTER-                  SHORT INTER-
                                AND STATE      MEDIATE     INTERMEDIATE      MEDIATE     SHORT TERM
NUMBER OF UNITS*                  TRUSTS       TRUSTS         TRUSTS         TRUSTS        TRUSTS
------------------------------  ----------  -------------  -------------  -------------  -----------
Less than 500.................    $3.20         $2.90          $2.70          $2.00         $1.50
500 but less than 1,000.......     3.20         2.90           2.70           2.00          1.50
1,000 but less than 2,500.....     3.20         2.70           2.50           1.80          1.30
2,500 but less than 5,000.....     3.20         2.45           2.25           1.55          1.05
5,000 but less than 10,000....     2.50         2.45           2.25           1.55          1.05
10,000 but less than 25,000...     2.00         2.00           2.00           1.30           .80
25,000 but less than 50,000...     1.75         1.75           1.75           1.30           .60
50,000 or more................     1.75         1.50           1.50           1.00           .60








*Breakpoint  sales charges and related dealer concessions are computed both on a
dollar basis and  on the  basis of  the number  of Units  purchased, using  the
equivalent  of 500 Units to  $50,000, 2,500 Units to  $250,000 etc. and will be
applied on that basis which is more favorable to the purchaser.


The Sponsor currently intends  to maintain a secondary  market for Units  of
each  Trust. See  "MARKET FOR  UNITS." The  amount of  the dealer  concession on
secondary market purchases of Trust Units  through the Sponsor will be  computed
based  upon the value of  the Bonds in the  Trust portfolio, including the sales
charge computed as described in "HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE  DETERMINED?",
and  adjusted to reflect the  cash position of the  Trust principal account, and
will vary with the size of the purchase as shown in the following table:








                                                               AMOUNT OF PURCHASE*
                            -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $50,000   $100,000   $250,000   $500,000   $1,000,000  $2,500,000
                              UNDER       TO         TO         TO         TO          TO          TO      $5,000,000
YEARS TO MATURITY            $50,000    $99,999   $249,999   $499,999   $999,999   $2,499,999  $4,999,999   OR MORE
--------------------------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Less than 1...............      0          0          0          0          0          0           0           0
1 but less than 2.........    1.00%      .90%       .85%       .80%       .70%        .55%       .467%       .389%
2 but less than 3.........    1.30%      1.20%      1.10%      1.00%      .90%        .73%       .634%       .538%
3 but less than 4.........    1.60%      1.45%      1.35%      1.25%      1.10%       .90%       .781%       .662%
4 but less than 5.........    2.00%      1.85%      1.75%      1.55%      1.40%      1.25%       1.082%      .914%
5 but less than 7.........    2.30%      2.15%      1.95%      1.80%      1.65%      1.50%       1.320%      1.140%
7 but less than 10........    2.60%      2.45%      2.25%      2.10%      1.95%      1.70%       1.496%      1.292%
10 but less than 13.......    3.00%      2.80%      2.60%      2.45%      2.30%      2.00%       1.747%      1.494%
13 but less than 16.......    3.25%      3.15%      3.00%      2.75%      2.50%      2.15%       1.878%      1.606%
16 or more................    3.50%      3.50%      3.40%      3.35%      3.00%      2.50%       2.185%      1.873%








*Breakpoint sales charges and related dealer concessions are computed both on a
dollar basis and  on the basis  of the  number of Units  purchased, using  the
equivalent of 500 Units to $50,000, 2,500 Units to $250,000, etc., and will be
applied on that basis which is more favorable to the purchaser.


The  Sponsor reserves the  right to change  the foregoing dealer concessions
from time to time.


At the  discretion of  the Sponsor,  volume incentives  can be  earned as  a
marketing  allowance by  dealer firms who  reach cumulative firm  sales or sales
arrangement levels of a specified number of Units of an individual Trust  during
the primary


18





offering  period  as set  forth  in the  table below.  For  firms that  meet the
necessary volume level for a Trust, volume incentives may be given on all trades
involving that Trust originated from or by that firm during the primary offering
period.





Primary Market Volume Incentives







                                   PER TRUST SALES LEVEL
AVERAGE MATURITY                     DURING THE PRIMARY      VOLUME INCENTIVE
OF TRUST                              OFFERING PERIOD            PER UNIT
-------------------------------  --------------------------  -----------------
Less than 6 years                      At least 5,000 Units      $    0.05
6 but less than 15 years               At least 2,500 Units      $    0.10
15 years or more                       At least 2,500 Units      $    0.20








In addition, a volume  incentive of $2.50  per $1,000 of  Units sold can  be
earned by dealer firms as a marketing allowance for secondary market sales of at
least $1 million of Nuveen Unit Trust units per calendar quarter.


Only sales through the Sponsor qualify for volume incentives and for meeting
minimum  requirements. The  Sponsor reserves the  right to modify  or change the
volume incentive schedule  at any time  and make the  determination as to  which
firms qualify for the marketing allowance and the amount paid.


Registered  investment advisers, certified financial planners and registered
broker-dealers who  in  each case  either  charge periodic  fees  for  financial
planning,  investment  advisory or  asset management  services, or  provide such
services in connection with the establishment of an investment account for which
a comprehensive  "wrap  fee"  charge  is imposed,  and  bank  trust  departments
investing  funds  over which  they  exercise exclusive  discretionary investment
authority and  that  are held  in  a  fiduciary, agency,  custodial  or  similar
capacity,  are not entitled to receive any  dealer concession for any sales made
to investors which  qualified as  "Discounted Purchases" during  the primary  or
secondary market. (See "HOW IS THE PUBLIC OFFERING PRICE DETERMINED?")


Certain  commercial banks are making Units  of the Trusts available to their
customers on  an agency  basis. A  portion of  the sales  charge paid  by  these
customers  is retained by or  remitted to the banks in  the amounts shown in the
above table.  The Glass-Steagall  Act prohibits  banks from  underwriting  Trust
Units;  the Act  does, however, permit  certain agency  transactions and banking
regulators have not indicated that these particular agency transactions are  not
permitted  under the Act. In Texas and  in certain other states, any bank making
Units available must be registered as a broker-dealer under state law.



OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER OF UNITS



The ownership of  Units is  evidenced by book  entry positions  recorded on  the
books  and records of the Trustee  unless the Unitholder expressly requests that
the purchased Units be evidenced in Certificate form. The Trustee is  authorized
to treat as the owner of Units that person who at the time is registered as such
on  the books of the Trustee. Any  Unitholder who holds a Certificate may change
to book entry ownership by submitting to the Trustee the Certificate along  with
a written request that the Units represented by such Certificate be held in book
entry form. Likewise, a Unitholder who holds Units in book entry form may obtain
a  Certificate for such  Units by written  request to the  Trustee. Units may be
held in denominations of one Unit or any multiple or fraction thereof. Fractions
of Units are computed to three  decimal places. Any Certificates issued will  be
numbered  serially for identification, and are  issued in fully registered form,
transferable only  on the  books of  the Trustee.  Book entry  Unitholders  will
receive a Book Entry Position Confirmation reflecting their ownership.


For  Trusts allowing optional plans  of distribution, Certificates for Units
will bear  an  appropriate notation  on  their  face indicating  which  plan  of
distribution has been selected. When a change is made, the existing Certificates
must  be surrendered to the  Trustee and new Certificates  issued to reflect the
currently effective  plan of  distribution. There  will be  no charge  for  this
service.  Holders of book entry  Units can change their  plan of distribution by
making a written  request to  the Trustee,  which will  issue a  new Book  Entry
Position Confirmation to reflect such change.


Units  are transferable by making  a written request to  the Trustee and, in
the case of Units  evidenced by Certificate(s),  by presenting and  surrendering
such  Certificate(s) to the Trustee, at its  address listed on the back cover of
this Part B  of the Prospectus,  properly endorsed or  accompanied by a  written
instrument  or  instruments  of  transfer.  The  Certificate(s)  should  be sent
registered or  certified  mail  for  the  protection  of  the  Unitholder.  Each
Unitholder  must sign such written request,  and such Certificate(s) or transfer
instrument, exactly as his  name appears on (a)  the face of the  Certificate(s)
representing  the  Units  to be  transferred,  or  (b) the  Book  Entry Position
Confirmation(s) relating to the Units to be transferred. Such signature(s)  must
be guaranteed by a guarantor acceptable to the Trustee. In certain instances the
Trustee  may require  additional documents  such as,  but not  limited to, trust
instruments, certificates of death, appointments as executor or administrator or
certificates of corporate authority. Mutilated Certificates must be  surrendered
to  the Trustee in order for a replacement Certificate to be issued. Although at
the date hereof no charge is made and none is contemplated, a Unitholder may  be
required  to pay $2.00 to the Trustee  for each Certificate reissued or transfer
of Units requested and to  pay any governmental charge  which may be imposed  in
connection therewith.



REPLACEMENT OF LOST, STOLEN OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES.



To  obtain a new  Certificate replacing one  that has been  lost, stolen, or
destroyed,  the   Unitholder   must   furnish  the   Trustee   with   sufficient
indemnification   and  pay  such  expenses  as   the  Trustee  may  incur.  This
indemnification must be in the


19





form of  an  Open Penalty  Bond  of Indemnification.  The  premium for  such  an
indemnity  bond may vary, but currently amounts to 1% of the market value of the
Units represented by  the Certificate. In  the case  however, of a  Trust as  to
which  notice of  termination has been  given, the premium  currently amounts to
0.5% of the market value of the Units represented by such Certificate.



HOW UNITS MAY BE REDEEMED WITHOUT CHARGE



Unitholders may redeem all or a portion  of their Units by (1) making a  written
request  for such redemption (book entry Unitholders may use the redemption form
on the reverse side of their Book Entry Position Confirmation) to the Trustee at
its address  listed  on  the  back  cover of  this  Part  B  of  the  Prospectus
(redemptions  of 1,000 Units or more will require a signature guarantee), (2) in
the case of Units evidenced by a Certificate, by also tendering such Certificate
to the Trustee, duly endorsed or  accompanied by proper instruments of  transfer
with signatures guaranteed as explained above, or provide satisfactory indemnity
required  in  connection with  lost, stolen  or  destroyed Certificates  and (3)
payment of applicable governmental charges, if any. Certificates should be  sent
only  by registered or certified mail to minimize the possibility of their being
lost or stolen. (See "OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER OF UNITS.") No redemption fee  will
be   charged.  A  Unitholder  may  authorize  the  Trustee  to  honor  telephone
instructions for  the  redemption  of  Units held  in  book  entry  form.  Units
represented  by Certificates may  not be redeemed by  telephone. The proceeds of
Units redeemed by telephone will  be sent by check  either to the Unitholder  at
the  address specified on his account or to a financial institution specified by
the Unitholder for credit to the account of the Unitholder. A Unitholder wishing
to  use  this  method  of  redemption  must  complete  a  Telephone   Redemption
Authorization  Form and  furnish the Form  to the  Trustee. Telephone Redemption
Authorization  Forms   can   be   obtained  from   a   Unitholder's   registered
representative  or by calling the  Trustee. Once the completed  Form is on file,
the Trustee will honor telephone  redemption requests by any authorized  person.
The  time a  telephone redemption  request is  received determines  the "date of
tender" as discussed below. The redemption proceeds will be mailed within  three
business days following the telephone redemption request. Only Units held in the
name  of individuals may be redeemed by telephone; accounts registered in broker
name, or  accounts  of  corporations or  fiduciaries  (including  among  others,
trustees,  guardians, executors  and administrators)  may not  use the telephone
redemption privilege.


On the third business day following the date of tender, the Unitholder  will
be  entitled to receive  in cash for each  Unit tendered an  amount equal to the
Unit Value of  such Trust determined  by the  Trustee, as of  4:00 p.m.  eastern
time,  or as  of any  earlier closing  time on  a day  on which  the Exchange is
scheduled in advance to  close at such  earlier time, on the  date of tender  as
defined  hereafter,  plus  accrued interest  to,  but not  including,  the third
business day after the date of  tender ("Redemption Price"). The price  received
upon  redemption may  be more  or less  than the  amount paid  by the Unitholder
depending on the value of  the Bonds on the  date of tender. Unitholders  should
check  with the Trustee or their broker to determine the Redemption Price before
tendering Units.


The "date of  tender" is  deemed to  be the date  on which  the request  for
redemption  of Units is received  in proper form by  the Trustee, except that as
regards a redemption request received after 4:00 p.m. eastern time, or as of any
earlier closing time on a day on  which the Exchange is scheduled in advance  to
close  at such  earlier time, or  on any day  on which the  Exchange is normally
closed, the date of tender  is the next day on  which such Exchange is  normally
open  for trading and such request will be  deemed to have been made on such day
and the redemption  will be effected  at the Redemption  Price computed on  that
day.


Accrued  interest paid  on redemption shall  be withdrawn  from the Interest
Account of the  appropriate Trust or,  if the balance  therein is  insufficient,
from  the Principal Account of such Trust.  All other amounts paid on redemption
shall be withdrawn from the Principal Account. The Trustee is empowered to  sell
underlying  Bonds of a  Trust in order  to make funds  available for redemption.
(See "HOW BONDS MAY  BE REMOVED FROM  THE TRUSTS.") Units  so redeemed shall  be
cancelled.  To  the  extent that  Bonds  are sold  from  a Trust,  the  size and
diversity of such Trust will  be reduced. Such sales may  be required at a  time
when  Bonds would not  otherwise be sold  and might result  in lower prices than
might otherwise be realized.


The Redemption Price is  determined on the  basis of the  BID prices of  the
Bonds  in each Trust, while  the initial Public Offering  Price of Units will be
determined on the  basis of the  OFFERING prices of  the Bonds as  of 4:00  p.m.
eastern  time on any day on which the  Exchange is normally open for trading, or
as of any earlier closing  time on a day on  which the Exchange is scheduled  in
advance to close at such earlier time, and such determination is made. As of any
given time, the difference between the bid and offering prices of such Bonds may
be  expected to average 1/2% to 2% of  principal amount. In the case of actively
traded Bonds, the difference may be  as little as 1/4 to  1/2 of 1%, and in  the
case of inactively traded Bonds such difference usually will not exceed 3%.


The  right  of redemption  may be  suspended and  payment postponed  for any
period during  which  the Securities  and  Exchange Commission  determines  that
trading  in the municipal bond market is restricted or an emergency exists, as a
result  of  which  disposal  or  evaluation  of  the  Bonds  is  not  reasonably
practicable, or for such other periods as the Securities and Exchange Commission
may by order permit.


Under  regulations issued by the Internal  Revenue Service, the Trustee will
be required to withhold a specified percentage of the principal amount of a Unit
redemption if the Trustee has not been furnished the redeeming Unitholder's  tax
identification  number in the manner required by such regulations. Any amount so
withheld is transmitted to the Internal


20





Revenue Service and may be recovered by  the Unitholder only when filing his  or
her  tax return. Under normal circumstances the Trustee obtains the Unitholder's
tax identification number from the selling broker at the time the Certificate or
Book Entry Return  Confirmation is  issued, and this  number is  printed on  the
Certificate or Book Entry Return Confirmation and on distribution statements. If
a  Unitholder's tax identification number does not appear as described above, or
if it is incorrect, the Unitholder  should contact the Trustee before  redeeming
Units  to determine  what action,  if any,  is required  to avoid  this "back-up
withholding."



HOW UNITS MAY BE PURCHASED BY THE SPONSOR



The Trustee will notify the  Sponsor of any tender  of Units for redemption.  If
the  Sponsor's bid in  the secondary market  at that time  equals or exceeds the
Redemption Price it may purchase such Units by notifying the Trustee before  the
close  of business on the  second succeeding business day  and by making payment
therefor to  the  Unitholder not  later  than the  day  on which  payment  would
otherwise have been made by the Trustee. (See "HOW UNITS MAY BE REDEEMED WITHOUT
CHARGE.")  The Sponsor's current practice  is to bid at  the Redemption Price in
the secondary market. Units held by the  Sponsor may be tendered to the  Trustee
for redemption as any other Units.



HOW BONDS MAY BE REMOVED FROM THE TRUSTS



Bonds will be removed from a Trust as they mature or are redeemed by the issuers
thereof.  See Part A of  this Prospectus and "RISK  FACTORS" for a discussion of
call provisions of portfolio Bonds.


The Indenture also  empowers the Trustee  to sell Bonds  for the purpose  of
redeeming  Units tendered by any Unitholder, and for the payment of expenses for
which income may not be available. Under the Indenture, the Sponsor is obligated
to provide the Trustee with a current list of Bonds in each Trust to be sold  in
such  circumstances. In deciding which Bonds  should be sold the Sponsor intends
to consider, among  other things, such  factors as: (1)  market conditions;  (2)
market  prices  of  the  Bonds;  (3)  the  effect  on  income  distributions  to
Unitholders of the sale of various Bonds; (4) the effect on principal amount  of
underlying  Bonds  per Unit  of the  sale  of various  Bonds; (5)  the financial
condition of the issuers; and (6) the effect of the sale of various Bonds on the
investment character of the Trust. Such sales, if required, could result in  the
sale  of Bonds by the Trustee at prices less than original cost to the Trust. To
the extent Bonds are sold, the size and diversity of such Trust will be reduced.


In addition, the  Sponsor is empowered  to direct the  Trustee to  liquidate
Bonds upon the happening of certain other events, such as default in the payment
of principal and/or interest, an action of the issuer that will adversely affect
its  ability to continue payment of the  principal of and interest on its Bonds,
or an  adverse  change  in  market, revenue  or  credit  factors  affecting  the
investment  character of the Bonds. If a default in the payment of the principal
of and/or interest  on any  of the  Bonds occurs, and  if the  Sponsor fails  to
instruct  the Trustee whether to  sell or continue to  hold such Bonds within 30
days after  notification by  the Trustee  to the  Sponsor of  such default,  the
Indenture  provides that  the Trustee shall  liquidate said  Bonds forthwith and
shall not be liable for  any loss so incurred. The  Sponsor may also direct  the
Trustee  to liquidate Bonds in a Trust if the Bonds in the Trust are the subject
of an advanced refunding,  generally considered to be  when refunding bonds  are
issued and the proceeds thereof are deposited in irrevocable trust to retire the
refunded Bonds on their redemption date.


Except  as stated in "COMPOSITION OF  TRUSTS" regarding the limited right of
substitution of Replacement  Bonds for  Failed Bonds, and  except for  refunding
securities that may be exchanged for Bonds under certain conditions specified in
the  Indenture, the Indenture does not permit  either the Sponsor or the Trustee
to acquire or deposit bonds either in  addition to, or in substitution for,  any
of the Bonds initially deposited in a Trust.



INFORMATION ABOUT THE TRUSTEE



The  Trustee and its address are stated on the  back cover of this Part B of the
Prospectus. The Trustee is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation,  the Board  of Governors of  the Federal  Reserve
System and either the Comptroller of the Currency or state banking authorities.



LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITIES OF SPONSOR AND TRUSTEE



The  Sponsor and the Trustee shall be  under no liability to Unitholders for
taking any action or for  refraining from any action  in good faith pursuant  to
the Indenture, or for errors in judgment, but shall be liable only for their own
negligence,  lack of good faith or willful  misconduct. The Trustee shall not be
liable for depreciation or loss incurred by reason of the sale by the Trustee of
any of the Bonds. In the  event of the failure of  the Sponsor to act under  the
Indenture, the Trustee may act thereunder and shall not be liable for any action
taken by it in good faith under the Indenture.


The  Trustee shall not be liable for any taxes or other governmental charges
imposed upon or in respect of the Bonds or upon the interest thereon or upon  it
as  Trustee under  the Indenture or  upon or in  respect of any  Trust which the
Trustee may be required  to pay under  any present or future  law of the  United
States  of  America or  of any  other taxing  authority having  jurisdiction. In
addition,  the  Indenture  contains  other  customary  provisions  limiting  the
liability of the Trustee.


21






SUCCESSOR TRUSTEES AND SPONSORS



The  Trustee or any successor trustee  may resign by executing an instrument
of resignation in writing and filing same with the Sponsor and mailing a copy of
a notice of resignation to all  Unitholders then of record. Upon receiving  such
notice,  the Sponsor is required to promptly appoint a successor trustee. If the
Trustee becomes incapable of acting or is adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a
receiver or other public officer shall  take charge of its property or  affairs,
the  Sponsor  may  remove  the  Trustee  and  appoint  a  successor  by  written
instrument. The resignation  or removal of  a trustee and  the appointment of  a
successor trustee shall become effective only when the successor trustee accepts
its appointment as such. Any successor trustee shall be a corporation authorized
to  exercise  corporate  trust  powers, having  capital,  surplus  and undivided
profits of not less than $5,000,000. Any corporation into which a trustee may be
merged or with which it may  be consolidated, or any corporation resulting  from
any  merger or consolidation to  which a trustee shall be  a party, shall be the
successor trustee.


If upon resignation  of a trustee  no successor has  been appointed and  has
accepted the appointment within 30 days after notification, the retiring trustee
may  apply  to  a court  of  competent  jurisdiction for  the  appointment  of a
successor.


If the Sponsor fails to undertake any of its duties under the Indenture, and
no express  provision is  made for  action by  the Trustee  in such  event,  the
Trustee  may, in addition to its other  powers under the Indenture (1) appoint a
successor sponsor or (2) terminate the Indenture and liquidate the Trusts.



INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPONSOR



Since our founding  in 1898, Nuveen  has been synonymous  with investments  that
withstand  the  test of  time.  Today, we  offer  a broad  range  of investments
designed for mature investors whose portfolio  is the principal source of  their
ongoing  financial  security. More  than  1.3 million  investors  have entrusted
Nuveen to help them maintain the lifestyle they currently enjoy.


A value investing  approach--purchasing securities of  strong companies  and
communities  that represent good long-term value--is the cornerstone of Nuveen's
investment philosophy.  It is  a  careful, long-term  strategy that  offers  the
potential for attractive returns with moderated risk. Successful value investing
begins  with in-depth research and a discerning eye for marketplace opportunity.
Nuveen's team of investment professionals is backed by the discipline, resources
and expertise of almost a century of investment experience, including one of the
most recognized research departments in the industry.


To meet  the unique  circumstances and  financial planning  needs of  mature
investors,  Nuveen  offers  a  wide array  of  taxable  and  tax-free investment
products--including  equity  and   fixed-income  mutual   funds,  unit   trusts,
exchange-traded  funds, customized asset management services and cash management
products. Nuveen is a subsidiary of The  John Nuveen Company which, in turn,  is
approximately  78% owned by the St. Paul  Companies, Inc. ("ST. PAUL"). St. Paul
is located  in St.  Paul,  Minnesota and  is  principally engaged  in  providing
property-liability  insurance through  subsidiaries. Nuveen  is a  member of the
National Association of  Securities Dealers,  Inc. and  the Securities  Industry
Association  and has  its principal office  located in Chicago  (333 West Wacker
Drive). Nuveen maintains 11 regional offices.


To help advisers and investors better understand and more efficiently use an
investment in  the Trusts  to  reach their  investment  goals, the  Sponsor  may
advertise and create specific investment programs and systems. For example, such
activities may include presenting information on how to use an investment in the
Trusts, alone or in combination with an investment in other mutual funds or unit
investment trusts sponsored by Nuveen, to accumulate assets for future education
needs  or periodic payments such as  insurance premiums. The Trusts' sponsor may
produce software or  additional sales  literature to promote  the advantages  of
using the Trusts to meet these and other specific investor needs.



OTHER INFORMATION

AMENDMENT OF INDENTURE



The  Indenture may  be amended  by the Trustee  and the  Sponsor without the
consent of any of  the Unitholders (1)  to cure any ambiguity  or to correct  or
supplement  any provision thereof which may be defective or inconsistent, or (2)
to make such  other provisions as  shall not adversely  affect the  Unitholders,
provided,  however, that the Indenture may not be amended to increase the number
of Units in any Trust or to permit the deposit or acquisition of bonds either in
addition to, or in substitution for any of the Bonds initially deposited in  any
Trust except as stated in "COMPOSITION OF TRUSTS" regarding the limited right of
substitution  of Replacement Bonds and except  for the substitution of refunding
bonds under certain circumstances. The  Trustee shall advise the Unitholders  of
any amendment promptly after execution thereof.



TERMINATION OF INDENTURE



Each  Trust may be liquidated at any time  by written consent of 100% of the
Unitholders or by  the Trustee when  the value of  such Trust, as  shown by  any
evaluation,  is less than 20% of the original principal amount of such Trust and
will be  liquidated  by  the Trustee  in  the  event that  Units  not  yet  sold
aggregating  more  than 60%  of the  Units originally  created are  tendered for
redemption by the Sponsor thereby reducing the  net worth of such Trust to  less
than  40%  of the  principal amount  of  the Bonds  originally deposited  in the
portfolio. (See "Essential Information" appearing in Part A of this Prospectus.)
The sale of Bonds from the Trusts upon termination may result in realization  of
a  lesser amount than might otherwise be realized if such sale were not required
at such time. For this reason, among others, the amount realized by a Unitholder


22





upon termination  may be  less than  the principal  amount of  Bonds  originally
represented  by the Units held by  such Unitholder. The Indenture will terminate
upon the redemption, sale or other disposition of the last Bond held thereunder,
but in no event shall it continue beyond the end of the calendar year  preceding
the  fiftieth anniversary of its execution for National and State Trusts, beyond
the end  of  the  calendar  year preceding  the  twentieth  anniversary  of  its
execution  for Long Intermediate,  and Intermediate Trusts or  beyond the end of
the calendar year  preceding the tenth  anniversary of its  execution for  Short
Intermediate and Short Term Trusts.


Written  notice of  any termination  specifying the  time or  times at which
Unitholders may surrender their Certificates, if any, for cancellation shall  be
given  by  the  Trustee to  each  Unitholder  at the  address  appearing  on the
registration books of  a Trust maintained  by the Trustee.  Within a  reasonable
time  thereafter, the Trustee shall  liquidate any Bonds in  the Trust then held
and shall deduct from  the assets of  the Trust any  accrued costs, expenses  or
indemnities  provided  by  the  Indenture which  are  allocable  to  such Trust,
including estimated compensation of the Trustee and costs of liquidation and any
amounts required as a reserve to provide for payment of any applicable taxes  or
other  governmental charges. The Trustee shall then distribute to Unitholders of
such Trust their pro  rata share of  the balance of  the Interest and  Principal
Accounts.  With such  distribution, the Unitholders  shall be  furnished a final
distribution  statement,  in   substantially  the  same   form  as  the   annual
distribution statement, of the amount distributable. At such time as the Trustee
in  its sole discretion shall determine that  any amounts held in reserve are no
longer necessary, it shall make distribution thereof to Unitholders in the  same
manner.



LEGAL OPINION



The legality of the Units offered hereby has been passed upon by Chapman and
Cutler, 111 West Monroe Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603. Special counsel for the
Trusts for respective state tax matters are named in "Tax Status" for each Trust
appearing  in  Part A  of this  Prospectus.  Carter, Ledyard  & Milburn,  2 Wall
Street, New York,  New York 10005,  has acted  as counsel for  the Trustee  with
respect  to the Series, and, in the absence of a New York Trust from the Series,
as special New York tax counsel for the Series.



AUDITORS



The "Statement  of  Condition" and  "Schedule  of Investments"  at  Date  of
Deposit  included  in Part  A of  this  Prospectus have  been audited  by Arthur
Andersen LLP, independent public  accountants, as indicated  in their report  in
Part  A  of  this Prospectus,  and  are  included herein  in  reliance  upon the
authority of said firm as experts in giving said report.



SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION



Upon written or telephonic request to the Trustee, investors will receive at
no cost to  the investor supplemental  information about this  Trust, which  has
been  filed  with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  and is  intended to
supplement information contained in  Part A and Part  B of this Prospectus.  The
supplemental  information includes more  detailed information concerning certain
of the Bonds included in the Trusts contained in the applicable Series and  more
specific   risk  information  concerning  the   individual  state  Trusts.  This
supplement also includes  additional general information  about the Sponsor  and
the Trusts.


23








NUVEEN  Tax-Free Unit Trusts




PROSPECTUS -- PART B


JULY 8, 1997






       SPONSOR             John Nuveen & Co. Incorporated
                           333 West Wacker Drive
                           Chicago, IL 60606-1286
                           Telephone: 312.917.7700

                           Swiss Bank Tower
                           10 East 50th Street
                           New York, NY 10022
                           212.207.2000

       TRUSTEE             The Chase Manhattan Bank
                           4 New York Plaza
                           New York, NY 10004-2413
                           800.257.8787

 LEGAL COUNSEL             Chapman and Cutler
    TO SPONSOR             111 West Monroe Street
                           Chicago, IL 60603

   INDEPENDENT             Arthur Andersen LLP
        PUBLIC             33 West Monroe Street
   ACCOUNTANTS             Chicago, IL 60603
FOR THE TRUSTS










Except  as to  statements made herein  furnished by  the Trustee, the
Trustee  has  assumed   no  responsibility  for   the  accuracy,  adequacy   and
completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus.


This  Prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in
the registration  statement  and  exhibits  relating  thereto,  filed  with  the
Securities  and Exchange Commission, Washington,  D.C., under the Securities Act
of 1933, and to which reference is made.


No  person  is  authorized  to  give  any  information  or  to   make
representations  not contained in this Prospectus or in supplemental information
or  sales  literature  prepared   by  the  Sponsor,   and  any  information   or
representation  not contained  therein must  not be  relied upon  as having been
authorized by either  the Trusts, the  Trustee or the  Sponsor. This  Prospectus
does  not constitute  an offer to  sell, or a  solicitation of an  offer to buy,
securities in any  State to any  person to whom  it is not  lawful to make  such
offer  in such state. The Trusts are  registered as Unit Investment Trusts under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Such registration does not imply
that the  Trusts  or  any  of  their  Units  have  been  guaranteed,  sponsored,
recommended  or approved by the United States  or any State or agency or officer
thereof.






NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUSTS






INFORMATION SUPPLEMENT




NUVEEN SERIES 988



This   Information   Supplement   provides  additional
information concerning the structure, operations and risks
of  a  Nuveen  Tax-Free  Unit  Trust  not  found  in   the
prospectuses  for the Trusts.  This Information Supplement
is not  a  prospectus and  does  not include  all  of  the
information  that a  prospective investor  should consider
before investing in a  Trust. This Information  Supplement
should  be read in conjunction with the prospectus for the
Trust  in  which  an  investor  is  considering  investing
("Prospectus").  Copies of the  Prospectus can be obtained
by calling or writing the Trustee at the telephone  number
and  address indicated in  Part B of  the Prospectus. This
Information Supplement  has  been  created  to  supplement
information contained in the Prospectus.


This  Information Supplement  is dated  March 6, 1998.
Capitalized terms have been defined in the Prospectus.





TABLE OF CONTENTS









GENERAL RISK DISCLOSURE..............................................           2
  Health Care Facility Revenue Obligations...........................           2
  Single Family and Multi-Family Housing Revenue Obligations.........           2
  Single Family Mortgage Revenue Bonds...............................           2
  Congregate Care Revenue Obligations................................           3
  Federally Enhanced Obligations.....................................           3
  Public Housing Authority Revenue Obligations.......................           3
  Industrial Revenue Obligations.....................................           3
  Power Revenue Obligations..........................................           4
  Utility Obligations................................................           4
  Transportation Bonds...............................................           4
  Water and/or Sewerage Revenue Obligations..........................           4
  Resource Recovery Revenue Obligations..............................           5
  Education Revenue Obligations......................................           5
  Bridge and Tollroad Revenue Obligations............................           5
  Dedicated-Tax Supported Revenue Bonds..............................           5
  Municipal Lease Revenue Bonds......................................           5
  Special Obligation to Crossover....................................           5
  Civic Organization Obligations.....................................           5
  Original Issue Discount Bonds and Stripped Obligations.............           5
WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?...................................           6
ACCUMULATION PLAN....................................................           8
INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPONSOR........................................           9
DESCRIPTION OF RATINGS...............................................          11
HOW THE TRUST COMPARES PERFORMANCE...................................          13
HOW TO CALCULATE YOUR ESTIMATED INCOME...............................          14
Appendix A -- National Disclosure....................................         A-1
Appendix B -- California Disclosure..................................         B-1












GENERAL RISK DISCLOSURE



An investment in Units of any Trust should be made with an understanding  of
the  risks that such an investment may  entail. These include the ability of the
issuer, or,  if  applicable,  an  insurer, to  make  payments  of  interest  and
principal  when due, the  effects of changes in  interest rates generally, early
call provisions and the potential for changes in the tax status of the Bonds. As
set forth in the portfolio  summaries in Part A  of this Prospectus, the  Trusts
may  contain or be concentrated  in one or more of  the types of bonds discussed
below.  The  following  paragraphs  discuss  certain  circumstances  which   may
adversely  affect the  ability of issuers  of Bonds  held in the  portfolio of a
Trust to make payment of principal  and interest thereon or which may  adversely
affect  the  ratings of  such Bonds;  with respect  to Insured  Trusts, however,
because of the insurance obtained by the Sponsor or by the issuers of the Bonds,
such changes should not adversely affect an Insured Trust's receipt of principal
and interest, the Standard & Poor's AAA  or Moody's Aaa ratings of the Bonds  in
the Insured Trust portfolio, or the Standard & Poor's AAA rating of the Units of
each  such Insured Trust. For economic  risks specific to the individual Trusts,
see "Risk Factors" for each Trust.


HEALTH CARE FACILITY REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust  may
be  obligations of issuers whose revenues  are derived from services provided by
hospitals or other health care  facilities, including nursing homes. Ratings  of
bonds  issued  for health  care facilities  are  sometimes based  on feasibility
studies that contain projections of  occupancy levels, revenues and expenses.  A
facility's  gross  receipts and  net income  available for  debt service  may be
affected by future events and  conditions including, among other things,  demand
for  services, the ability of the facility  to provide the services required, an
increasing shortage of qualified nurses or a dramatic rise in nursing  salaries,
physicians'  confidence  in  the  facility,  management  capabilities,  economic
developments in  the service  area, competition  from other  similar  providers,
efforts  by  insurers  and  governmental agencies  to  limit  rates, legislation
establishing state rate-setting agencies,  expenses, government regulation,  the
cost  and possible unavailability of  malpractice insurance, and the termination
or restriction of governmental  financial assistance, including that  associated
with  Medicare, Medicaid and other similar  third party payor programs. Medicare
reimbursements are currently calculated on a prospective basis and are not based
on a provider's actual costs. Such method of reimbursement may adversely  affect
reimbursements to hospitals and other facilities for services provided under the
Medicare  program and thereby may have an  adverse effect on the ability of such
institutions to satisfy  debt service requirements.  In the event  of a  default
upon  a bond  secured by hospital  facilities, the limited  alternative uses for
such facilities may result  in the recovery upon  such collateral not  providing
sufficient funds to fully repay the bonds.


Certain  hospital  bonds  provide for  redemption  at par  upon  the damage,
destruction or  condemnation of  the  hospital facilities  or in  other  special
circumstances.


SINGLE  FAMILY AND  MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING REVENUE  OBLIGATIONS.   Some of the
Bonds in a  Trust may  be obligations of  issuers whose  revenues are  primarily
derived  from mortgage loans to  housing projects for the  elderly or for low to
moderate income families. Such issues  are generally characterized by  mandatory
redemption  at par or,  in the case  of original issue  discount bonds, accreted
value in the event  of economic defaults and  in the event of  a failure of  the
operator  of a project to  comply with certain covenants  as to the operation of
the project.  The failure  of such  operator to  comply with  certain  covenants
related  to the tax-exempt status  of interest on the  Bonds, such as provisions
requiring that a specified percentage of units be rented or available for rental
to low or  moderate income families,  potentially could cause  interest on  such
Bonds  to be subject to Federal income taxation from the date of issuance of the
Bonds. The  ability  of such  issuers  to make  debt  service payments  will  be
affected  by events and conditions affecting financed projects, including, among
other things, the achievement and maintenance of sufficient occupancy levels and
adequate rental income,  employment and  income conditions  prevailing in  local
labor  markets, increases in taxes, utility  costs and other operating expenses,
the managerial ability  of project  managers, changes in  laws and  governmental
regulations,  the  appropriation of  subsidies, and  social and  economic trends
affecting the localities in  which the projects are  located. Occupancy of  such
housing  projects  may be  adversely  affected by  high  rent levels  and income
limitations imposed under Federal and state programs.


SINGLE FAMILY MORTGAGE REVENUE BONDS.  Some  of the Bonds in a Trust may  be
single  family  mortgage revenue  bonds,  which are  issued  for the  purpose of
acquiring from originating financial institutions notes secured by mortgages  on
residences located within the issuer's boundaries and owned by persons of low or
moderate  income. Mortgage loans  are generally partially  or completely prepaid
prior to  their final  maturities as  a result  of events  such as  sale of  the
mortgaged  premises, default, condemnation or casualty loss. Because these bonds
are subject to extraordinary mandatory redemption in whole or in part from  such
prepayments of mortgage loans, a substantial portion of such bonds will probably
be  redeemed prior to their scheduled maturities or even prior to their ordinary
call dates. Extraordinary mandatory redemption without premium could also result
from the  failure of  the originating  financial institutions  to make  mortgage
loans in sufficient amounts within a specified time period. The redemption price
of  such issues  may be  more or  less than  the offering  price of  such bonds.
Additionally, unusually high rates of  default on the underlying mortgage  loans
may  reduce revenues available  for the payment  of principal of  or interest on
such mortgage revenue


2





bonds. Single family mortgage revenue bonds issued after December 31, 1980  were
issued  under Section 103A of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, or

Section 143 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, which Sections contain certain
requirements relating to the use of the proceeds of such bonds in order for  the
interest on such bonds to retain its tax-exempt status. In each case, the issuer
of  the bonds  has covenanted  to comply  with applicable  requirements and bond
counsel to such issuer has issued an  opinion that the interest on the bonds  is
exempt from Federal income tax under existing laws and regulations. There can be
no assurance that such continuing requirements will be satisfied; the failure to
meet  such  requirements could  cause interest  on  the Bonds  to be  subject to
Federal income taxation, possibly from the date of issuance of the Bonds.


CONGREGATE CARE REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.   Some of the Bonds  in a Trust may  be
obligations  of  issuers  whose revenues  are  primarily derived  from  loans to
finance the  construction  and/or  acquisition of  congregate  care  facilities,
including  retirement  facilities and  nursing  care units.  A  facility's gross
receipts and net  income available for  debt service may  be affected by  future
events  and conditions, including, among other  things, demand for services, the
ability  of  the   facility  to  provide   the  services  required,   management
capabilities,  an increasing shortage of qualified  nurses or a dramatic rise in
nursing salaries, economic  developments in the  service area, competition  from
other  similar providers, efforts by insurers and governmental agencies to limit
rates,  legislation   establishing   state  rate-setting   agencies,   expenses,
government  regulation  and  the  termination  or  restriction  of  governmental
financial assistance.


FEDERALLY ENHANCED  OBLIGATIONS.   Some of  the mortgages  which secure  the
various  health care or housing projects which underlie the previously discussed
Health Care Facility  Revenue, Single Family  and Multi-Family Housing  Revenue,
Single  Family Mortgage  Revenue Obligations  and Congregate  Care Revenue Bonds
(the  "Obligations")  in  a  Trust  may  be  insured  by  the  Federal   Housing
Administration  ("FHA"). Under  FHA regulations, the  maximum insurable mortgage
amount cannot exceed 90% of  the FHA's estimated value  of the project. The  FHA
mortgage  insurance does  not constitute  a guarantee  of timely  payment of the
principal of  and interest  on the  Obligations. Payment  of mortgage  insurance
benefits may be (1) less than the principal amount of Obligations outstanding or

(2)  delayed if  disputes arise as  to the amount  of the payment  or if certain
notices are  not  given  to the  FHA  within  the prescribed  time  periods.  In
addition,  some  of  the  previously discussed  Obligations  may  be  secured by
mortgage-backed certificates  guaranteed  by the  Government  National  Mortgage
Association  ("GNMA"), a  wholly owned  corporate instrumentality  of the United
States, and/or  the  Federal  National Mortgage  Association  ("Fannie  Mae")  a
federally  chartered  and  stockholder-owed  corporation.  GNMA  and  Fannie Mae
guarantee timely  payment  of  principal and  interest  on  the  mortgage-backed
certificates,  even where the  underlying mortgage payments  are not made. While
such mortgage-backed  certificates  are  often  pledged  to  secure  payment  of
principal  and  interest  on the  Obligations,  timely payment  of  interest and
principal on the Obligations is not insured or guaranteed by the United  States,
GNMA,  Fannie Mae or any other  governmental agency or instrumentality. The GNMA
mortgage-backed certificates  constitute  a  general obligation  of  the  United
States  backed by  its full  faith and  credit. The  obligations of  Fannie Mae,
including its obligations under the  Fannie Mae mortgage-backed securities,  are
obligations solely of Fannie Mae and are not backed by, or entitled to, the full
faith and credit of the United States.


PUBLIC  HOUSING AUTHORITY REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust
may be obligations of issuers whose revenues are primarily derived from loans to
finance public  housing projects.  These  bonds are  guaranteed by  the  federal
Department   of  Housing  and  Urban  Development.  Such  issues  are  generally
characterized by mandatory redemption at par  or, in the case of original  issue
discount bonds, accreted value in the event of economic defaults. The ability of
such  issuers  to make  debt service  payments  will be  affected by  events and
conditions affecting  financed  projects,  including, among  other  things,  the
achievement  and  maintenance  of sufficient  occupancy  levels,  employment and
income conditions prevailing in local labor markets, increases in taxes, utility
costs  and  other   operating  expenses,  changes   in  laws  and   governmental
regulations,  and social and  economic trends affecting  the localities in which
the projects are  located. In addition,  the federal Department  of Housing  and
Urban  Development may impose  regulations and/or limitations  which may have an
adverse impact on the Bonds in a Trust.


INDUSTRIAL REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.   Certain  of the Bonds  in a  Trust may  be
industrial  revenue bonds  ("IRBs"), which  are tax-exempt  securities issued by
states, municipalities, public  authorities or similar  entities to finance  the
cost  of acquiring, constructing or improving various industrial projects. These
projects are usually operated by corporate entities. Issuers are obligated  only
to  pay amounts due on the IRBs to  the extent that funds are available from the
unexpended proceeds of the IRBs or receipts  or revenues of the issuer under  an
arrangement  between the  issuer and  the corporate  operator of  a project. The
arrangement may  be  in  the  form  of  a  lease,  installment  sale  agreement,
conditional  sale agreement or loan agreement, but  in each case the payments to
the issuer are designed to be sufficient to meet the payments of amounts due  on
the  IRBs. Regardless of the structure, payment of IRBs is solely dependent upon
the  creditworthiness  of  the  corporate  operator  of  the  project  and,   if
applicable,  corporate  guarantor.  Corporate  operators  or  guarantors  may be
affected by many factors which may have an adverse impact on the credit  quality
of the particular company or industry. These include cyclicality of revenues and
earnings,  regulatory and environmental  restrictions, litigation resulting from
accidents  or  environmentally-caused   illnesses,  extensive  competition   and
financial  deterioration resulting from a  corporate restructuring pursuant to a
leveraged  buy-out,   takeover   or   otherwise.  Such   a   restructuring   may


3





result  in the operator of a project becoming highly leveraged which may have an
impact on such operator's creditworthiness which  in turn would have an  adverse
impact on the rating and/or market value of such Bonds. Further, the possibility
of  such  a restructuring  may  have an  adverse impact  on  the market  for and
consequently the value of  such Bonds, even though  no actual takeover or  other
action  is ever contemplated or effected. The IRBs  in a Trust may be subject to
special or extraordinary redemption provisions which may provide for  redemption
at  par or, in  the case of  original issue discount  bonds, accreted value. The
Sponsor cannot predict the causes or likelihood  of the redemption of IRBs in  a
Trust prior to the stated maturity of such Bonds.


POWER  REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust may be obligations
of issuers whose revenues are primarily derived from pollution control bonds  as
well  as the sale of electric energy and  oil and gas. Some of these obligations
are backed by the credit of an investor owned utility (IOU). The problems  faced
by  such issuers  include the  difficulty in  obtaining approval  for timely and
adequate rate  increases from  the applicable  public utility  commissions,  the
difficulty  of  financing  large construction  programs,  increased competition,
reductions in estimates of future demand for electricity in certain areas of the
country,  the  limitations  on  operations   and  increased  costs  and   delays
attributable  to  environmental considerations,  the  difficulty of  the capital
market in absorbing utility debt, the difficulty in obtaining fuel at reasonable
prices and the  effect of  energy conservation. All  of such  issuers have  been
experiencing certain of these problems in varying degrees. In addition, Federal,
state  and  municipal  governmental authorities  may  from time  to  time review
existing,  and   impose  additional,   regulations  governing   the   licensing,
construction  and operation of nuclear power  plants, which may adversely affect
the ability of the issuers of certain of  the Bonds in a Trust to make  payments
of principal and/or interest on such Bonds.


UTILITY  OBLIGATIONS.  Some  of the Bonds  in a Trust  may be obligations of
issuers whose revenues are primarily derived from the sale of natural gas or the
combined net revenue  of two or  more municipal utility  systems operating as  a
single  entity. The  problems faced  by such  issuers include  the difficulty in
obtaining approval for timely  and adequate rate  increases from the  applicable
public  utility  commissions,  the difficulty  of  financing  large construction
programs, increased competition, reductions in  estimates of future demands  for
natural  gas in certain areas of the  country, the limitations on operations and
increased costs  and delays  attributable to  environmental considerations,  the
difficulty  of the capital  market in absorbing utility  debt, the difficulty in
obtaining fuel at reasonable  prices and the effect  of energy conservation.  In
addition, Federal, state and municipal governmental authorities may from time to
time   review  existing,  and  impose   additional,  regulations  governing  the
licensing, construction  and  operation  of  nuclear  power  plants,  which  may
adversely  affect the ability of the issuers of  certain of the Bonds in a Trust
to make payments of principal and/or interest on such Bonds.


TRANSPORTATION BONDS.  Some of  the Bonds in a  Trust may be obligations  of
issuers  which  are  payable  from  and secured  by  revenues  derived  from the
ownership and operation of airports, public transit systems and ports. The major
portion of an airport's  gross operating income is  generally derived from  fees
received  from  airlines  pursuant to  use  agreements which  consist  of annual
payments for airport use, occupancy of certain terminal space, service fees  and
leases. Airport operating income may therefore be affected by the ability of the
airlines  to meet their obligations under  the use agreements. The air transport
industry is experiencing significant variations in earnings and traffic, due  to
increased  competition, excess capacity,  increased costs, deregulation, traffic
constraints and  other factors,  and several  airlines are  experiencing  severe
financial  difficulties. In particular, facilities with use agreements involving
airlines experiencing financial difficulty may experience a reduction in revenue
due to the  possible inability  of these airlines  to meet  their use  agreement
obligations  because of such financial difficulties and possible bankruptcy. The
Sponsor cannot predict what effect these industry conditions may have on airport
revenues which  are dependent  for payment  on the  financial condition  of  the
airlines  and their  usage of  the particular  airport facility.  Bonds that are
secured primarily by the revenue collected by a public transit system  typically
are  additionally secured  by a  pledge of sales  tax receipts  collected at the
state or local  level, or  of other governmental  financial assistance.  Transit
system net revenues will be affected by variations in utilization, which in turn
may  be affected by the degree  of local governmental subsidization, demographic
and population shifts, and competition  from other forms of transportation;  and
by  increased  costs,  including  costs  resulting  from  previous  deferrals of
maintenance. Port authorities derive their revenues primarily from fees  imposed
on  ships using the facilities.  The rate of utilization  of such facilities may
fluctuate depending on the local economy and on competition from competing forms
of transportation such as air, rail and trucks.


WATER AND/OR SEWERAGE REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust may
be obligations of  issuers whose  revenues are derived  from the  sale of  water
and/or  sewerage services. Such Bonds are  generally payable from user fees. The
problems of such issuers include the ability to obtain timely and adequate  rate
increases,  population decline resulting in  decreased user fees, the difficulty
of financing  large construction  programs, the  limitations on  operations  and
increased  costs and  delays attributable  to environmental  considerations, the
increasing difficulty of obtaining or  discovering new supplies of fresh  water,
the  effect  of  conservation  programs and  the  impact  of  "no-growth" zoning
ordinances. All of such issuers have been experiencing certain of these problems
in varying degrees.


4





RESOURCE RECOVERY REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust may  be
obligations  of issuers whose revenues are derived  from the sale of sewerage or
solid waste disposal services. Such bonds are generally payable from user  fees.
The  problems of such issuers include the  ability to obtain timely and adequate
rate increases,  population  decline  resulting  in  decreased  user  fees,  the
difficulty   of  financing  large  construction  programs,  the  limitations  on
operations  and  increased  costs  and  delays  attributable  to   environmental
considerations,   the  effect  of  conservation   programs  and  the  impact  of
"no-growth" zoning  ordinances.  All  of such  issuers  have  been  experiencing
certain of these problems in varying degrees.


EDUCATION  REVENUE  OBLIGATIONS.   Some  of  the  Bonds in  a  Trust  may be
obligations of issuers which are, or which govern the operation of, colleges and
universities and  whose  revenues are  derived  mainly from  tuition,  dormitory
revenues,  grants and endowments.  General problems of  such issuers include the
prospect of a declining percentage of the population consisting of "college" age
individuals, possible inability to raise tuitions and fees sufficiently to cover
increased operating  costs,  the uncertainty  of  continued receipt  of  Federal
grants  and state funding,  and government legislation  or regulations which may
adversely affect the revenues or costs of such issuers. All of such issuers have
been experiencing certain of these problems in varying degrees.


BRIDGE AND TOLLROAD REVENUE OBLIGATIONS.  Some  of the Bonds in a Trust  may
be  obligations  of issuers  which derive  their payments  from bridge,  road or
tunnel toll revenues. The revenues of such an issuer could be adversely affected
by competition from toll-free vehicular bridges and roads and alternative  modes
of transportation. Such revenues could also be adversely affected by a reduction
in  the availability of fuel to motorists  or significant increases in the costs
thereof. Specifically, governmental regulations restricting the use of  vehicles
in  the New  York City  metropolitan area may  adversely affect  revenues of the
Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority.


DEDICATED-TAX SUPPORTED REVENUE BONDS.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust may  be
obligations of issuers which are payable from and secured by tax revenues from a
designated  source, which revenues are pledged  to secure the bonds. The various
types of  Bonds described  below differ  in structure  and with  respect to  the
rights of the bondholders to the underlying property. Each type of dedicated-tax
supported  Bond has distinct risks, only some  of which are set forth below. One
type of dedicated-tax supported Bond is secured by the incremental tax  received
on  either real property or on  sales within a specifically defined geographical
area; such  tax  generally will  not  provide bondholders  with  a lien  on  the
underlying property or revenues. Another type of dedicated-tax supported Bond is
secured  by a special tax levied on  real property within a defined geographical
area in such  a manner  that the tax  is levied  on those who  benefit from  the
project;  such bonds  typically provide for  a statutory lien  on the underlying
property for unpaid taxes. A third  type of dedicated-tax supported Bond may  be
secured by a tax levied upon the manufacture, sale or consumption of commodities
or  upon the license to pursue  certain occupations or upon corporate privileges
within a taxing jurisdiction. As to any of these types of Bonds, the ability  of
the  designated revenues to satisfy the  interest and principal payments on such
bonds may be affected by changes in the local economy, the financial success  of
the  enterprise  responsible for  the payment  of  the taxes,  the value  of any
property on which taxes may be assessed and the ability to collect such taxes in
a timely fashion. Each  of these factors  will have a  different affect on  each
distinct type of dedicated-tax supported bonds.


MUNICIPAL  LEASE  REVENUE  BONDS.   Some  of the  Bonds  in a  Trust  may be
obligations that are secured  by lease payments of  a governmental entity.  Such
payments  are normally  subject to annual  budget appropriations  of the leasing
governmental entity.  A  governmental  entity  that enters  into  such  a  lease
agreement  cannot obligate future governments to  appropriate for and make lease
payments but covenants to take such action as is necessary to include any  lease
payments  due  in  its  budgets  and  to  make  the  appropriations  therefor. A
governmental entity's failure to appropriate for and to make payments under  its
lease obligation could result in insufficient funds available for payment of the
obligations secured thereby.


SPECIAL OBLIGATION TO CROSSOVER.  Some of the Bonds in a Trust may be issued
with the intention of crossover refunding an outstanding issue at a future date.
These  bonds are  secured to  the crossover  date by  U.S. Government securities
purchased with the  proceeds of  the refunding bonds.  The revenues  of such  an
issuer  could be adversely affected by  problems associated with the outstanding
issue, economic, social and environmental  policies and conditions that are  not
within  the  control of  the issuer  and  governmental policies  and regulations
affecting the issuer.


CIVIC ORGANIZATION  OBLIGATIONS.   Some  of  the Bonds  in  a Trust  may  be
obligations  of  issuers whose  revenues are  derived from  the pledge  of civic
organizations, including  their  assets.  The problems  faced  by  such  issuers
include  the ability  to collect  pledges made,  the unpredictable  nature of an
organization's  composition  and  participation,   the  quality  and  skill   of
management,  increased costs and delays attributable to organizations, expenses,
and legislation regarding certain organizational purposes.


ORIGINAL ISSUE  DISCOUNT BONDS  AND STRIPPED  OBLIGATIONS.   Certain of  the
Bonds  in a Trust may be original  issue discount bonds. These Bonds were issued
with nominal  interest rates  less than  the rates  then offered  by  comparable
securities  and as a consequence  were originally sold at  a discount from their
face, or par, values. This original  issue discount, the difference between  the
initial  purchase price and face value, is deemed under current law to accrue on
a


5





daily basis and the accrued portion is treated as tax-exempt interest income for
federal income tax purposes.  On sale or redemption,  gain, if any, realized  in
excess  of the  earned portion  of original  issue discount  will be  taxable as
capital gain. See "What is the Tax Status of Unitholders". The current value  of
an original issue discount bond reflects the present value of its face amount at
maturity. In a stable interest rate environment, the market value of an original
issue  discount bond would  tend to increase  more slowly in  early years and in
greater increments as the bond approached maturity.


Certain of the original issue discount bonds  in a Trust may be zero  coupon
bonds. Zero coupon bonds do not provide for the payment of any current interest;
the  buyer receives only the right to receive a final payment of the face amount
of the bond at its maturity. The effect  of owning a zero coupon bond is that  a
fixed  yield is earned not only on  the original investment but also, in effect,
on all  discount  earned  during  the life  of  the  obligation.  This  implicit
reinvestment of earnings at the same rate eliminates the risk of being unable to
reinvest  the income on such obligation at a rate as high as the implicit yield,
but at the same time also eliminates the holder's ability to reinvest at  higher
rates  in  the  future.  For  this reason,  zero  coupon  bonds  are  subject to
substantially greater  price  fluctuations  during periods  of  changing  market
interest  rates  than are  securities of  comparable  quality that  pay interest
currently.


Original issue discount bonds, including  zero coupon bonds, may be  subject
to  redemption at prices  based on the  issue price plus  the amount of original
issue  discount  accreted  to  redemption   (the  "accreted  value")  plus,   if
applicable,  some premium.  Pursuant to such  call provisions  an original issue
discount bond may be called prior to its maturity date at a price less than  its
face  value. See the  "Schedules of Investments" for  more information about the
call provisions of portfolio Bonds.


Certain of the Bonds in a Trust may be Stripped Obligations, which represent
evidences of  ownership with  respect to  either the  principal amount  of or  a
payment  of interest on a tax-exempt  obligation. An obligation is "stripped" by
depositing it with  a custodian, which  then effects a  separation in  ownership
between  the bond and any interest payment which has not yet become payable, and
issues evidences of ownership with respect to such constituent parts. A Stripped
Obligation therefore has economic characteristics similar to zero coupon  bonds,
as described above.


Each  Stripped Obligation has  been purchased at a  discount from the amount
payable at maturity. With respect to each Unitholder, the Internal Revenue  Code
treats  as "original issue discount" that portion of the discount which produces
a yield to maturity (as of the date of purchase of the Unitholder's Units) equal
to the lower of the coupon rate of interest on the underlying obligation or  the
yield  to maturity on the basis of  the purchase price of the Unitholder's Units
which is allocable to  each Stripped Obligation.  Original issue discount  which
accrues with respect to a Stripped Obligation will be exempt from Federal income
taxation  to the  same extent  as interest  on the  underlying obligations. (See
"WHAT IS THE TAX STATUS OF UNITHOLDERS?" in Part B of this Prospectus.)


Unitholders should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the  state
and  local tax consequences of owning  original issue discount bonds or Stripped
Obligations. Under applicable  provisions governing determination  of state  and
local  taxes, interest on original issue  discount bonds or Stripped Obligations
may be deemed  to be received  in the year  of accrual even  though there is  no
corresponding cash payment.



WHY AND HOW ARE THE BONDS INSURED?




INSURANCE ON BONDS



INSURED  TRUSTS--The Insurer's policy unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees
the full and complete payment required to be made by or on behalf of the  Issuer
to  the Paying Agent or its successor of an amount equal to (i) the principal of
(either at the stated maturity  or by an advancement  of maturity pursuant to  a
mandatory  sinking fund  payment) and  interest on,  the Bonds  as such payments
shall become due  but shall  not be so  paid (except  that in the  event of  any
acceleration  of  the due  date  of such  principal  by reason  of  mandatory or
optional redemption or acceleration resulting  from default or otherwise,  other
than  any advancement of maturity pursuant  to a mandatory sinking fund payment,
the payments guaranteed by  the Insurer's policy shall  be made in such  amounts
and  at such times as  such payments of principal would  have been due had there
not been any such acceleration); and (ii) the reimbursement of any such  payment
which  is subsequently recovered from any owner of the Bonds pursuant to a final
judgment by a court of competent  jurisdiction that such payment constitutes  an
avoidable  preference  to  such  owner  within  the  meaning  of  any applicable
bankruptcy law (a "Preference").


The Insurer's policy does not insure against loss of any prepayment  premium
which  may at any time be payable with respect to any Bond. The Insurer's policy
does not, under any circumstance, insure against loss relating to: (i)  optional
or  mandatory redemptions (other than  mandatory sinking fund redemptions); (ii)
any payments to be made on an accelerated basis; (iii) payments of the  purchase
price  of Bonds upon tender by an owner thereof; or (iv) any Preference relating
to (i) through (iii)  above. The Insurer's policy  also does not insure  against
nonpayment  of  principal  of  or  interest  on  the  Bonds  resulting  from the
insolvency, negligence or any other act or  omission of the Paying Agent or  any
other paying agent for the Bonds.


6





Upon  receipt of telephonic or  telegraphic notice, such notice subsequently
confirmed in writing by registered or certified mail, or upon receipt of written
notice by registered or certified mail, by the Insurer from the Paying Agent  or
any owner of a Bond the payment of an insured amount for which is then due, that
such  required payment has  not been made, the  Insurer on the  due date of such
payment or within one business day  after receipt of notice of such  nonpayment,
whichever  is later,  will make  a deposit  of funds,  in an  account with State
Street Bank and Trust Company,  N.A., in New York,  New York, or its  successor,
sufficient  for the payment of any such insured amounts which are then due. Upon
presentment and surrender of  such Bonds or presentment  of such other proof  of
ownership  of the Bonds, together with any appropriate instruments of assignment
to evidence the assignment of the insured  amounts due on the Bonds as are  paid
by  the Insurer,  and appropriate instruments  to effect the  appointment of the
Insurer as agent for such owners of the Bonds in any legal proceeding related to
payment of  insured amounts  on the  Bonds,  such instruments  being in  a  form
satisfactory to State Street Bank and Trust Company, N.A., State Street Bank and
Trust Company, N.A. shall disperse to such owners or the Paying Agent payment of
the  insured amounts due on such Bonds, less any amount held by the Paying Agent
for the payment of such insured amounts and legally available therefor.


The Insurer is the principal operating subsidiary of MBIA, Inc., a New  York
Stock  Exchange listed company  (the "Company"). MBIA, Inc.  is not obligated to
pay the debts of or claims against the Insurer. The Insurer is domiciled in  the
State of New York and licensed to do business in and subject to regulation under
the  laws of all 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico, the Commonwealth of  the Northern Mariana Islands,  the Virgin Islands  of
the  United  States and  the Territory  of  Guam. The  Insurer has  two European
branches, one in the Republic of France  and the other in the Kingdom of  Spain.
New York has laws prescribing minimum capital requirements, limiting classes and
concentrations  of investments  and requiring the  approval of  policy rates and
forms. State laws also regulate the amount of both the aggregate and  individual
risks  that may be insured, the payment  of dividends by the Insurer, changes in
control and transactions among affiliates. Additionally, the Insurer is required
to maintain contingency reserves on its  liabilities in certain amounts and  for
certain periods of time.


Effective  February 17,  1998, the Company  acquired all  of the outstanding
stock of Capital Markets  Assurance Corporation ("CMAC"),  a New York  domiciled
financial  guarantee insurance company, through a merger with its parent, CapMAC
Holdings, Inc. The  Company then  contributed the common  stock of  CMAC to  the
Insurer.  Pursuant to  a reinsurance  agreement, CMAC has  ceded all  of its net
insured risks as well as its  unearned premiums and contingency reserves to  the
Insurer  and  the Insurer  has reinsured  CMAC's  net outstanding  exposure. The
Company is not obligated to pay the debts of or claims against CMAC.


As of December  31, 1996  the Insurer had  admitted assets  of $4.4  billion
(audited),  total liabilities of  $3.0 billion (audited),  and total capital and
surplus of  $1.4  billion  (audited) determined  in  accordance  with  statutory
accounting   practices   prescribed   or  permitted   by   insurance  regulatory
authorities. As of September 30, 1997,  the Insurer had admitted assets of  $5.1
billion  (unaudited), total liabilities  of $3.4 billion  (unaudited), and total
capital and surplus of  $1.7 billion (unaudited)  determined in accordance  with
statutory  accounting practices prescribed or  permitted by insurance regulatory
authorities.


Furthermore, copies of the Insurer's year end financial statements  prepared
in  accordance with statutory accounting  practices are available without charge
from the Insurer.  A copy of  the Annual Report  on Form 10-K  of MBIA, Inc.  is
available  from  the  Insurer or  the  Securities and  Exchange  Commission. The
address of the Insurer is 113 King Street, Armonk, New York 10504. The telephone
number of the Insurer is (914) 273-4545.


Moody's Investors Service rates the claims paying ability of the Insurer and
CMAC "Aaa".


Standard & Poor's Ratings Service, a division of the McGraw Hill  Companies,
Inc., rates the claims paying ability of the Insurer and CMAC "AAA".


Fitch IBCA, Inc. (formerly known as Fitch Investors Service, L.P.) rates the
claims  paying ability of  the Insurer "AAA."  (CMAC has not  requested a rating
from Fitch IBCA, Inc.)


Each rating of the  Insurer should be  evaluated independently. The  ratings
reflect   the   respective   rating   agency's   current   assessment   of   the
creditworthiness of the Insurer and its ability to pay claims on its policies of
insurance. Any further explanation as to  the significance of the above  ratings
may be obtained only from the applicable rating agency.


The  above ratings are not  recommendations to buy, sell  or hold the Bonds,
and such ratings may  be subject to  revision or withdrawal at  any time by  the
rating agencies. Any downward revision or withdrawal of any of the above ratings
may  have an adverse effect  on the market price of  the Bonds. The Insurer does
not guaranty the market price of the Bonds nor does it guaranty that the ratings
on the Bonds will not be revised or withdrawn.


TRADITIONAL TRUSTS--Insurance guaranteeing the timely payment, when due, of  all
principal  and interest on  certain Bonds in  a Traditional Trust  may have been
obtained by the Sponsor, issuer or underwriter of the particular Bonds  involved
or  by another party. Such insurance,  which provides coverage substantially the
same as  that obtained  with respect  to Bonds  in Insured  Trusts as  described
above,  is  effective  so  long  as the  insured  Bond  is  outstanding  and the


7





insurer remains in business. Insurance relates  only to the particular Bond  and
not  to the Units  offered hereby or  to their market  value. Insured Bonds have
received a rating of  "Aaa" by Moody's Investors  Service, Inc. and/or "AAA"  by
Standard & Poor's Corporation in recognition of such insurance.


If  a Bond in a Traditional Trust is insured, the Schedule of Investments in
Part A of  this Prospectus  will identify the  insurer. Such  insurance will  be
provided  by  Financial  Guaranty Insurance  Company  ("FGIC"),  AMBAC Assurance
Corporation ("AMBAC"), Bond Investors Guaranty  Insurance Company, now known  as
MBIA  Corp. of  Illinois ("BIG"),  Capital Guaranty  Insurance Company ("CGIC"),
Financial Security Assurance, Inc. ("FSA"), Municipal Bond Insurance Association
(the "Association"), MBIA Insurance Corporation ("MBIA") or Connie Lee Insurance
Company ("ConnieLee"). The Sponsor to  date has purchased and presently  intends
to purchase insurance for Bonds in Traditional Trusts exclusively from MBIA (see
the  preceding disclosure  regarding MBIA). There  can be no  assurance that any
insurer listed therein  will be  able to satisfy  its commitments  in the  event
claims  are made in the future. However, Standard & Poor's Corporation has rated
the claims-paying ability of each  insurer "AAA," and Moody's Investors  Service
has  rated  all bonds  insured by  each such  insurer, except  ConnieLee, "Aaa."
Moody's Investor's Service gives no ratings for bonds insured by ConnieLee.


Because any such insurance  will be effective so  long as the insured  Bonds
are  outstanding, such insurance  will be taken into  account in determining the
market value  of  such Bonds  and  therefore  some value  attributable  to  such
insurance  will be included in the value of the Units of the Trust that includes
such Bonds. The insurance does not,  however, guarantee the market value of  the
Bonds or of the Units.



ACCUMULATION PLAN



The  Sponsor, John Nuveen & Co.  Incorporated, is also the principal underwriter
of the Accumulation Funds listed in the following table. Each of these funds  is
an  open-end, diversified  management investment company  into which Unitholders
may choose  to reinvest  Trust distributions  automatically, without  any  sales
charge.  Unitholders may reinvest  both interest and  principal distributions or
principal distributions only. Each  Accumulation Fund has investment  objectives
which  differ in  certain respects from  those of  the Trusts and  may invest in
securities which would not be eligible for deposit in the Trusts. The investment
adviser to each Accumulation Fund is  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the  Sponsor.
Unitholders  should contact their financial adviser  or the Sponsor to determine
which of  the Accumulation  Funds they  may reinvest  into, as  reinvestment  in
certain of the Accumulation Funds may be restricted to residents of a particular
state  or states. Unitholders may obtain a prospectus for each Accumulation Fund
through their financial adviser or through the Sponsor at (800) 621-7227. For  a
more  detailed  description,  Unitholders  should  read  the  prospectus  of the
Accumulation Fund in which they are interested.


The following is a complete list of the Accumulation Funds currently  available,
as  of  the  Date  of  Deposit of  this  Prospectus,  to  Unitholders  under the
Accumulation Plan. The list of available Accumulation Funds is subject to change
without the consent of any of the Unitholders.



ACCUMULATION FUNDS




MUTUAL FUNDS




NUVEEN FLAGSHIP MUNICIPAL TRUST



Nuveen Municipal Bond Fund

Nuveen Insured Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship All-American Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Limited Term Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Intermediate Municipal Bond Fund



NUVEEN FLAGSHIP MULTISTATE TRUST I



Nuveen Flagship Arizona Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Colorado Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Florida Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Florida Intermediate Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Maryland Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship New Mexico Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Virginia Municipal Bond Fund



NUVEEN FLAGSHIP MULTISTATE TRUST II



Nuveen California Municipal Bond Fund



Nuveen California Insured Municipal Bond Fund


8





Nuveen Flagship Connecticut Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Massachusetts Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Massachusetts Insured Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship New Jersey Intermediate Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship New York Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen New York Insured Municipal Bond Fund



NUVEEN FLAGSHIP MULTISTATE TRUST III



Nuveen Flagship Alabama Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Georgia Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Louisiana Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship North Carolina Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship South Carolina Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Tennessee Municipal Bond Fund



NUVEEN FLAGSHIP MULTISTATE TRUST IV



Nuveen Flagship Kansas Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Kentucky Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Kentucky Limited Term Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Michigan Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Missouri Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Ohio Municipal Bond Fund
Nuveen Flagship Wisconsin Municipal Bond Fund



Flagship Utility Income Fund




Nuveen Growth and Income Stock Fund




Nuveen Balanced Stock and Bond Fund




Nuveen Balanced Municipal and Stock Fund




Nuveen Rittenhouse Growth Fund




MONEY MARKET FUNDS




Nuveen California Tax-Free Money Market Fund




Nuveen Massachusetts Tax-Free Money Market Fund




Nuveen New York Tax-Free Money Market Fund




Nuveen Tax-Free Reserves, Inc.




Nuveen Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund, Inc.



Each person who purchases Units of a  Trust may become a participant in  the
Accumulation  Plan and elect  to have his  or her distributions  on Units of the
Trust invested directly in shares of one of the Accumulation Funds.  Reinvesting
Unitholders   may  select  any  interest  distribution  plan.  Thereafter,  each
distribution  of  interest  income  or  principal  on  the  participant's  Units
(principal  only in  the case of  a Unitholder  who has chosen  to reinvest only
principal distributions) will, on the applicable distribution date, or the  next
day  on which the New  York Stock Exchange is  normally open ("business day") if
the distribution date is  not a business day,  automatically be received by  the
transfer agent for each of the Accumulation Funds, on behalf of such participant
and  applied  on that  date to  purchase  shares (or  fractions thereof)  of the
Accumulation Fund chosen at net asset value as computed as of 4:00 p.m.  eastern
time on each such date. All distributions will be reinvested in the Accumulation
Fund  chosen and no part  thereof will be retained  in a separate account. These
purchases will be made without a sales charge.


The Transfer Agent of the Accumulation Fund will mail to each participant in
the  Accumulation  Plan  a  quarterly  statement  containing  a  record  of  all
transactions  involving  purchases  of Accumulation  Fund  shares  (or fractions
thereof) with Trust  interest distributions or  as a result  of reinvestment  of
Accumulation  Fund  dividends. Any  distribution of  principal used  to purchase
shares of an  Accumulation Fund  will be  separately confirmed  by the  Transfer
Agent.  Unitholders will also  receive distribution statements  from the Trustee
detailing the amounts transferred to their Accumulation Fund accounts.


Participants may at any time, by so notifying the Trustee in writing,  elect
to  change  the  Accumulation  Fund into  which  their  distributions  are being
reinvested, to change from principal  only reinvestment to reinvestment of  both


9





principal and interest or vice versa, or to terminate their participation in the
Accumulation  Plan altogether and receive future distributions on their Units in
cash. There will be no  charge or other penalty for  such change of election  or
termination.  The character of Trust distributions  for income tax purposes will
remain unchanged even if they are reinvested in an Accumulation Fund.



INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPONSOR



Since our founding  in 1898, Nuveen  has been synonymous  with investments  that
withstand  the  test of  time.  Today, we  offer  a broad  range  of investments
designed for mature investors whose portfolio  is the principal source of  their
ongoing  financial  security. More  than  1.3 million  investors  have entrusted
Nuveen to help them maintain the lifestyle they currently enjoy.


A value investing  approach--purchasing securities of  strong companies  and
communities  that represent good long-term value--is the cornerstone of Nuveen's
investment philosophy.  It is  a  careful, long-term  strategy that  offers  the
potential for attractive returns with moderated risk. Successful value investing
begins  with in-depth research and a discerning eye for marketplace opportunity.
Nuveen's team of investment professionals is backed by the discipline, resources
and expertise of almost a century of investment experience, including one of the
most recognized research departments in the industry.


To meet  the unique  circumstances and  financial planning  needs of  mature
investors,  Nuveen  offers  a  wide array  of  taxable  and  tax-free investment
products--including  equity  and   fixed-income  mutual   funds,  unit   trusts,
exchange-traded  funds, customized asset management services and cash management
products. Nuveen is a subsidiary of The  John Nuveen Company which, in turn,  is
approximately  78% owned by the St. Paul  Companies, Inc. ("ST. PAUL"). St. Paul
is located  in St.  Paul,  Minnesota and  is  principally engaged  in  providing
property-liability  insurance through  subsidiaries. Nuveen  is a  member of the
National Association of  Securities Dealers,  Inc. and  the Securities  Industry
Association  and has  its principal office  located in Chicago  (333 West Wacker
Drive). Nuveen maintains 11 regional offices.


To help advisers and investors better understand and more efficiently use an
investment in  the Trusts  to  reach their  investment  goals, the  Sponsor  may
advertise and create specific investment programs and systems. For example, such
activities may include presenting information on how to use an investment in the
Trusts, alone or in combination with an investment in other mutual funds or unit
investment trusts sponsored by Nuveen, to accumulate assets for future education
needs  or periodic payments such as  insurance premiums. The Sponsor may produce
software or additional sales literature to  promote the advantages of using  the
Trusts to meet these and other specific investor needs.


10






DESCRIPTION OF RATINGS*



STANDARD  & POOR'S CORPORATION.  A  description of the applicable Standard &
Poor's Corporation rating symbols and their meanings follows:


A Standard & Poor's rating is  a current assessment of the  creditworthiness
of  an obligor with respect  to a specific debt  obligation. This assessment may
take into consideration obligors such as guarantors, insurers or lessees.


The rating is  not a recommendation  to purchase, sell  or hold a  security,
inasmuch  as  it  does not  comment  as to  market  price or  suitability  for a
particular investor.


The ratings are  based on  current information  furnished by  the issuer  or
obtained by Standard & Poor's from other sources it considers reliable. Standard
&  Poor's does not  perform an audit in  connection with any  rating and may, on
occasion, rely on unaudited financial  information. The ratings may be  changed,
suspended  or withdrawn as  a result of  changes in, or  unavailability of, such
information, or for other circumstances.


The ratings are based, in varying degrees, on the following considerations:


I.  Likelihood of default--capacity  and willingness of  the obligor as  to
the timely payment of interest and repayment of principal in accordance
with the terms of the obligation;


II.  Nature of and provisions of the obligation;


III.  Protection  afforded by, and  relative position of,  the obligation in
the event of  bankruptcy, reorganization or  other arrangements  under
the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting creditors' rights.


AAA--This  is the  highest rating  assigned by Standard  & Poor's  to a debt
obligation. Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is extremely strong.


AA--Bonds rated AA  have a very  strong capacity to  pay interest and  repay
principal, and differ from the highest rated issues only in small degree.


A--Bonds rated A have a strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal,
although they are somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than bonds in higher rated categories.


BBB--Bonds  rated BBB  are regarded  as having  an adequate  capacity to pay
interest and repay principal. Whereas they normally exhibit adequate  protection
parameters,  adverse  economic  conditions or  changing  circumstances  are more
likely to lead to a  weakened capacity to pay  interest and repay principal  for
bonds in this category than for bonds in the higher rated categories.


PLUS  (+) OR MINUS (-): The ratings from "AA" to "BB" may be modified by the
addition of a  plus or minus  sign to  show relative standing  within the  major
rating categories.


PROVISIONAL   RATINGS:  The  letter   "p"  indicates  that   the  rating  is
provisional. A  provisional  rating assumes  the  successful completion  of  the
project  being financed by the  issuance of the bonds  being rated and indicates
that payment of debt service requirements is largely or entirely dependent  upon
the successful and timely completion of the project. This rating, however, while
addressing  credit quality  subsequent to  completion of  the project,  makes no
comment on the  likelihood of,  or the  risk of  default upon  failure of,  such
completion.  Accordingly,  the investor  should exercise  his own  judgment with
respect to such likelihood and risk.


NOTE RATINGS:  A  Standard  &  Poor's note  rating  reflects  the  liquidity
concerns  and market access risks unique to notes.  Notes due in 3 years or less
will likely  receive a  note rating.  Notes maturing  beyond 3  years will  most
likely receive a long-term debt rating.


Note rating symbols are as follows:


SP-1  Very  strong  or strong  capacity to  pay principal  and interest.

Those   issues   determined   to   possess   overwhelming   safety
characteristics will be given a plus (+) designation.


SP-2  Satisfactory capacity to pay principal and interest.


MOODY'S  INVESTORS  SERVICE, INC.   A  brief  description of  the applicable
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. rating symbols and their meanings follows:


Aaa--Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be the best quality. They carry
the smallest degree of  investment risk and are  generally referred to as  "gilt
edge."  Interest payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally stable
margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are likely
to change, such changes  as can be  visualized are most  unlikely to impair  the
fundamentally  strong position of such issues. Their safety is so absolute that,




*As published by the rating companies.



11





with the  occasional  exception  of  oversupply in  a  few  specific  instances,
characteristically,  their  market  value  is affected  solely  by  money market
fluctuations.


Aa--Bonds which  are rated  Aa  are judged  to be  of  high quality  by  all
standards. Together with the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as
high  grade bonds. They are  rated lower than the  best bonds because margins of
protection may  not  be  as  large  as in  Aaa  securities  or  fluctuations  of
protective  elements may be of greater amplitude  or there may be other elements
present which  make the  long-term  risks appear  somewhat  larger than  in  Aaa
securities.  Their  market value  is virtually  immune to  all but  money market
influences, with  the  occasional exception  of  oversupply in  a  few  specific
instances.


A--Bonds  which are rated A possess many favorable investment attributes and
are to be considered as upper medium grade obligations. Factors giving  security
to  principal and interest are considered  adequate, but elements may be present
which suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future. The  market
value  of A-rated bonds may be influenced to some degree by economic performance
during a sustained period of depressed business conditions, but, during  periods
of  normalcy,  A-rated  bonds  frequently  move  in  parallel  with  Aaa  and Aa
obligations, with  the occasional  exception  of oversupply  in a  few  specific
instances.


Moody's  bond rating  symbols may contain  numerical modifiers  of a generic
rating classification. The modifier 1 indicates that the bond ranks at the  high
end  of its  category; the  modifier 2  indicates a  mid-range ranking;  and the
modifier 3 indicates that the issue ranks in the lower end of its generic rating
category.


Baa--Bonds which are rated Baa  are considered as medium grade  obligations,

i.e.,  they are neither  highly protected nor  poorly secured. Interest payments
and principal security appear  adequate for the  present but certain  protective
elements  may be lacking or may  be characteristically unreliable over any great
length of time. Such  bonds lack outstanding  investment characteristics and  in
fact  have speculative  characteristics as well.  The market  value of Baa-rated
bonds is more  sensitive to changes  in economic circumstances,  and aside  from
occasional  speculative factors applying to some bonds of this class, Baa market
valuations move in  parallel with Aaa,  Aa and A  obligations during periods  of
economic normalcy, except in instances of oversupply.


Con.  (--)--Bonds for which the security depends upon the completion of some
act or the  fulfillment of  some condition  are rated  conditionally. These  are
bonds  secured by (a)  earnings of projects under  construction, (b) earnings of
projects unseasoned  in  operation  experience, (c)  rentals  which  begin  when
facilities are completed, or (d) payments to which some other limiting condition
attaches.  Parenthetical rating denotes probable  credit stature upon completion
of construction or elimination of basis of condition.



NOTE RATINGS:



MIG 1  This designation  denotes  best  quality.  There  is  present  strong
protection  by established cash flows,  superior liquidity support or
demonstrated broad-based access to the market for refinancing.


MIG 2  This designation  denotes high  quality.  Margins of  protection  are
ample although not so large as in the preceding group.


FITCH   IBCA,  INC.  (formerly  Fitch   Investors  Service,  L.P.)  A  brief
description of the applicable Fitch IBCA, Inc. rating symbols and their meanings
follow:


AAA--Bonds considered  to be  investment  grade and  of the  highest  credit
quality.  The obligor  has an exceptionally  strong ability to  pay interest and
repay principal,  which is  unlikely to  be affected  by reasonably  foreseeable
events.


AA--Bonds considered to be investment grade and of very high credit quality.
The  obligor's  ability to  pay  interest and  repay  principal is  very strong,
although not quite as strong as bonds rated  AAA. Bonds rated in the AAA and  AA
categories are not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable future developments.


A--Bonds  considered to be investment grade  and of high credit quality. The
obligor's ability  to pay  interest  and repay  principal  is considered  to  be
strong, but may be more vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions and
circumstances than bonds with higher ratings.


BBB--Bonds  considered  to be  investment grade  and of  satisfactory credit
quality. The obligor's ability to pay interest and repay principal is considered
to be  adequate.  Adverse  changes in  economic  conditions  and  circumstances,
however,  are more likely to  have adverse impact on  these bonds, and therefore
impair timely payment. The likelihood that the ratings of these bonds will  fall
below investment grade is higher than for bonds with higher ratings.


To  provide more detailed indications  of credit quality, the  AA, A and BBB
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative
standing within these major rating categories.



NOTE RATINGS:



FIN-1  Notes assigned  this  rating are  regarded  as having  the  strongest
degree of assurance for timely payment.


12





FIN-2  Notes  assigned this rating reflect a  degree of assurance for timely
payment only slightly less in degree than the highest category.



HOW THE TRUST COMPARES PERFORMANCE



The Sponsor may compare the estimated returns of the Trust with the  returns
or  yields  of  other  tax-free  and taxable  investments,  often  on  a taxable
equivalent basis. In addition, the Sponsor  from time to time may quote  various
performance  measures and  studies in  order to  compare the  historical returns
available from an investment  in municipal securities  with investments in  both
tax-free and taxable securities.


Nuveen  Research prepared one such study  which compared the after-tax value
of $100,000  initially  invested in  1977  in various  asset  classes  including
municipal  bonds, treasury bonds and corporate  bonds. As indicated in the chart
provided below,  the  20-year study  shows  that municipal  bonds  significantly
outperformed  corporate  and  treasury  bonds once  the  effects  of  taxes were
factored in. In fact, over the 20-year period, municipal bond returns in dollars
were almost double those of treasury bonds.



AFTER-TAX VALUE OF $100,000 INVESTED IN 1977*



The graph  appearing on  this page  of the  Information Supplement  compares
after-tax  total returns  of $100,000  initially in 1977  in each  of the Lehman
Brothers MuniBond Index, Long-Term Treasury Index and Long-Term Corporate Index.
As indicated in the  graph, such an investment  in the Lehman Brothers  MuniBond
Index,  Long-Term  Treasury  Index  and  Long-Term  Corporate  Index  would have
appreciated to  $511,039, $274,434,  and $298,682,  respectively at  the end  of
1996.  The  graph  assumes all  proceeds  of  investment are  reinvested  at the
respective index rates at the time of reinvestment and also assumes that 20%  of
the assets in each category are turned over annually and proceeds are reinvested
in the respective indexes. The tax rates assumed to generate the after-tax total
returns  were based upon the income and  capital gain rates applicable each year
from 1977-1996 for an investor who earned the inflation-adjusted equivalents  of
$500,000  in 1996. In addition, treasury returns were "grossed up" an assumed 5%
to take into account the Treasuries' exemption from state income tax. The  graph
is  for  illustrative  purposes  only,  and does  not  represent  the  return or
performance of any  Nuveen Tax-Free Unit  Trust and is  not intended to  predict
future results.


*  The  graph compares  after-tax total  returns  using the  Lehman Brothers
MuniBond Index,  Long-Term Treasury  Index and  Long-Term Corporate  Index.  The
graph  assumes all proceeds of investment are reinvested at the respective index
rates at the time  of reinvestment and  also assumes that 20%  of the assets  in
each  category  are turned  over  annually and  proceeds  are reinvested  in the
respective indexes.  The  tax rates  assumed  to generate  the  after-tax  total
returns  were based upon the income and  capital gain rates applicable each year
from 1977-1996 for an investor who earned the inflation-adjusted equivalents  of
$100,000  in 1996. In addition, treasury returns were "grossed up" an assumed 5%
to take into account the Treasuries' exemption from state income tax. The  graph
is  for  illustrative  purposes  only,  and does  not  represent  the  return or
performance of any  Nuveen Tax-Free Unit  Trust and is  not intended to  predict
future results.


A  comparison  of  the  estimated  returns of  the  Trust  and  the historic
performance  of  municipal  bonds  to  the  returns  and  performance  of  other
investments  is  one  element  to  consider  in  making  an  informed investment
decision. Taxable investments have  investment characteristics that differ  from
those  of the Trust.  U.S. Government bonds are  long-term investments backed by
the full faith  and credit of  the U.S.  Government and are  subject to  federal
income  tax  but are  exempt from  state  income taxes.  Bank CDs  are generally
short-term FDIC insured investments, which pay fixed principal and interest  but
are subject to fluctuating rollover rates. Both bank CDs and corporate bonds are
generally subject to both federal and state income taxes. Money market funds are
short  term investments  with stable  net asset  values, fluctuating  yields and
special features that enhance liquidity.


13






HOW TO CALCULATE YOUR ESTIMATED INCOME



The examples provided below illustrate how to calculate the estimated annual
income generated by a hypothetical $10,000 investment in each respective  Trust.
The  illustrations assume that the  investment was made on  the day prior to the
date of deposit by an investor  electing the monthly distribution plan and  that
the  portfolio contains  all the  securities described  in the  portfolio. These
hypothetical examples are  for illustrative  purposes only and  not intended  to
reflect  or predict the results of any  actual investment and do not contemplate
changes to the portfolio or expenses.








EXAMPLE OF HOW TO CALCULATE YOUR ESTIMATED INCOME:

    NATIONAL INSURED TRUST 366

    $10,000                    DIVIDED  BY $100.45                     =          99.552
    Investment                           Offering price and                       # of units purchased
    (as of 03/05/98)                     accrued interest

    99.552                    X          $4.7576                       =          $473.63
    # of units purchased                 Annual income per unit                   annual income
                                         (monthly plan)














EXAMPLE OF HOW TO CALCULATE YOUR ESTIMATED INCOME:

    CALIFORNIA INSURED TRUST 298

    $10,000                    DIVIDED  BY $100.66                     =          99.344
    Investment                           Offering price and                       # of units purchased
    (as of 03/05/98)                     accrued interest

    99.344                    X          $4.6522                       =          $462.17
    # of units purchased                 Annual income per unit                   annual income
                                         (monthly plan)








14






APPENDIX A

NATIONAL DISCLOSURE




NATIONALLY DIVERSIFIED TRUST TAXABLE ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN TABLE


(NATIONAL INSURED TRUST)


The  following tables show the approximate taxable estimated current returns
for individuals  that are  equivalent to  tax-exempt estimated  current  returns
under  published  1998  marginal  Federal  tax  rates.  The  tables  incorporate
increased tax  rates for  higher-income tax  payers that  were included  in  the
Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993. The tables illustrate what you would have to
earn on taxable investments to equal the tax-exempt estimated current return for
your  income tax bracket. A taxpayer's marginal tax rate is affected by both his
taxable income and his adjusted gross income. Locate your adjusted gross  income
and  your taxable  income (which  is your adjusted  gross income  reduced by any
deductions and  exemptions), then  locate your  tax bracket  based on  joint  or
single  tax  filing. Read  across to  the  equivalent taxable  estimated current
return you would need to match the tax-free income.





MARGINAL FEDERAL TAX RATES FOR JOINT TAXPAYERS WITH FOUR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS









                 FEDERAL
   FEDERAL      ADJUSTED
   TAXABLE        GROSS                                    TAX-FREE ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN
   INCOME        INCOME        FEDERAL       --------------------------------------------------------------
  (1,000'S)     (1,000'S)     TAX RATE1      4.25%   4.50%   4.75%   5.00%   5.25%   5.50%   5.75%   6.00%
------------- -------------  -----------     ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------
$     0-42.35 $    0-124.50      15.0   %     5.00    5.29    5.59    5.88    6.18    6.47    6.76    7.06
 42.35-102.30      0-124.50      28.0         5.90    6.25    6.60    6.94    7.29    7.64    7.99    8.33
              124.50-186.80      29.0         5.99    6.34    6.69    7.04    7.39    7.75    8.10    8.45
102.30-155.95      0-124.50      31.0         6.16    6.52    6.88    7.25    7.61    7.97    8.33    8.70
              124.50-186.80      32.0         6.25    6.62    6.99    7.35    7.72    8.09    8.46    8.82
              186.80-309.30      34.5         6.49    6.87    7.25    7.63    8.02    8.40    8.78    9.16
155.95-278.45 124.50-186.80      37.0         6.75    7.14    7.54    7.94    8.33    8.73    9.13    9.52
              186.80-309.30      40.0         7.08    7.50    7.92    8.33    8.75    9.17    9.58   10.00
                Over 309.30      37.0   2     6.75    7.14    7.54    7.94    8.33    8.73    9.13    9.52
  Over 278.45 186.80-309.30      44.0         7.59    8.04    8.48    8.93    9.38    9.82   10.27   10.71
                Over 309.30      41.0   3     7.20    7.63    8.05    8.47    8.90    9.32    9.75   10.17











MARGINAL FEDERAL TAX RATES FOR SINGLE TAXPAYERS WITH ONE PERSONAL EXEMPTION









                 FEDERAL
   FEDERAL      ADJUSTED
   TAXABLE        GROSS                                    TAX-FREE ESTIMATED CURRENT RETURN
   INCOME        INCOME        FEDERAL       --------------------------------------------------------------
  (1,000'S)     (1,000'S)     TAX RATE1      4.25%   4.50%   4.75%   5.00%   5.25%   5.50%   5.75%   6.00%
------------- -------------  -----------     ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------  ------
$     0-25.35 $    0-124.50      15.0   %     5.00    5.29    5.59    5.88    6.18    6.47    6.76    7.06
  25.35-61.40      0-124.50      28.0         5.90    6.25    6.60    6.94    7.29    7.64    7.99    8.33
 61.40-128.10      0-124.50      31.0         6.16    6.52    6.88    7.25    7.61    7.97    8.33    8.70
               124.50-247.0      32.5         6.30    6.67    7.04    7.41    7.78    8.15    8.52    8.89
128.10-278.45  124.50-247.0      38.0         6.85    7.26    7.66    8.06    8.47    8.87    9.27    9.68
                 Over 247.0      37.0   2     6.75    7.14    7.54    7.94    8.33    8.73    9.13    9.52
  Over 278.45    Over 247.0      41.0   3     7.20    7.63    8.05    8.47    8.90    9.32    9.75   10.17










1 The table reflects the effect of the limitations on itemized deductions
and the  deduction for  personal exemptions.  They were  designed to  phase  out
certain  benefits  of  these  deductions  for  higher  income  taxpayers.  These
limitations, in effect, raise  the current maximum  marginal combined state  and
Federal  tax rate  to approximately 44.21  percent for taxpayers  filing a joint
return and  entitled to  four  personal exemptions  and to  approximately  40.79
percent  for  taxpayers filing  a single  return entitled  to only  one personal
exemption. These limitations are  subject to certain  maximums, which depend  on
the number of exemptions claimed and the total amount of the taxpayer's itemized
deductions.  For example, the limitation on itemized deductions will not cause a
taxpayer to  lose more  than  80% of  his  allowable itemized  deductions,  with
certain exceptions.


2  Federal tax rate reverts to 36.0%  after the 80% cap on the limitation
on itemized deductions has been met.


3 Federal tax rate reverts to 39.6%  after the 80% cap on the  limitation
on itemized deductions has been met.



A-1










PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS DATED MARCH 6, 1998





NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST






SERIES 993


(A UNIT INVESTMENT TRUST)




The attached final Prospectus for a prior Series is hereby used as a preliminary
Prospectus  for the above-stated Series. The narrative information and structure
of the attached final Prospectus will be  substantially the same as that of  the
final  Prospectus  for this  Series. Although  the attached  Prospectus includes
trusts as indicated therein,  the specific trusts included  in this Series  when
deposited  may differ from  such trusts. Information with  respect to the actual
trusts to  be  included,  pricing,  the  number  of  Units,  dates  and  summary
information  regarding the characteristics of securities to be deposited in this
Series is not now available and will be different since each Series has a unique
Portfolio. Accordingly  the  information contained  herein  with regard  to  the
previous  Series  should  be  considered  as  being  included  for informational
purposes only.  Ratings of  the securities  in this  Series are  expected to  be
comparable to those of the securities deposited in the previous Series. However,
the  Estimated Current Return for this Series  will depend on the interest rates
and offering prices  of the securities  in this Series  and may vary  materially
from that of the previous Series.


A  REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING  TO THE UNITS  OF THIS SERIES  HAS BEEN FILED
WITH THE SECURITIES AND  EXCHANGE COMMISSION BUT HAS  NOT YET BECOME  EFFECTIVE.
INFORMATION  CONTAINED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO  COMPLETION OR AMENDMENT. SUCH UNITS
MAY NOT  BE SOLD  NOR  MAY OFFERS  TO BUY  BE  ACCEPTED PRIOR  TO THE  TIME  THE
REGISTRATION  STATEMENT BECOMES EFFECTIVE. THIS  PROSPECTUS SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE
AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF  AN OFFER TO BUY NOR SHALL THERE BE  ANY
SALE  OF THE UNITS IN ANY STATE IN  WHICH SUCH OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE WOULD
BE UNLAWFUL PRIOR TO REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS  OF
ANY SUCH STATE.






STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ELECTRONIC FILING AND PRINTED DOCUMENT.



Pursuant  to Rule 499(c) (7) under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 20-11
under the Investment  Company Act  of 1940, Registrant  hereby identifies  those
differences  in the foregoing document between the electronic format in which it
is filed and the printed form in which it will be circulated:


(1)  The printed and distributed prospectus may be paged differently because
the printed document may contain a different amount of information on each  page
from that contained in the electronic transmission.


(2)   In the  printed document, footnote  symbols may include  a "dagger" or
multiple "dagger". The  "dagger" symbol is  represented as #  in the  electronic
document.


(3)  The printed and distributed prospectus will not contain the preliminary
prospectus legend included at the beginning of the first prospectus page.








NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST, SERIES 993




CROSS-REFERENCE SHEET




PURSUANT TO RULE 404(C) OF REGULATION C

UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933



(FORM N-8B-2 ITEMS REQUIRED BY INSTRUCTION 1 AS


TO PROSPECTUS ON FORM S-6)







FORM N-8B-2                                                FORM S-6
ITEM NUMBER                                                HEADING IN PROSPECTUS
          I. ORGANIZATION AND GENERAL INFORMATION
 1.  (a)  Name of trust                                 )  Prospectus Part A -- Cover Page
     (b)  Title of securities issued                    )
 2.  Name and address of Depositor                      )  Information About the Sponsor
 3.  Name and address of Trustee                        )  Information About the Trustee
 4.  Name and address of principal Underwriter          )  Information About the Sponsor
 5.  Organization of trust                              )  What Is The Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trust?
 6.  Execution and termination of Trust Agreement       )  What Is The Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trust?
                                                        )  Information About The Trustee
                                                        )  Other Information
 7.  Changes of Name                                    )  *
 8.  Fiscal Year                                        )
 9.  Litigation                                         )

          II. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUST AND SECURITIES OF THE TRUST
10.  General Information regarding trust's securities   )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  Why and How are the Bonds Insured?
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made to Unitholders?
                                                        )  Ownership and Transfer of Units
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge?
                                                        )  How Bonds May Be Removed From The Trusts?
                                                        )  Information About the Trustee
                                                        )  Information About the Sponsor
                                                        )  Other Information
                                                        )  What Is The Tax Status of Unitholders?
11.  Type of securities comprising units                )  What Is The Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trust?
                                                        )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  Composition of Trusts
                                                        )  What Are The Objectives Of The Trusts?
                                                        )  Why and How are the Bonds Insured?
12.  Certain information regarding                      )  *
     periodic payment certificates                      )
13.  (a)  Load, fees, expenses, etc.                    )  Part A -- Essential Information
                                                        )  How Is The Public Offering Price Determined?
                                                        )  Market For Units
                                                        )  What Is Accrued Interest?
                                                        )  What Are Estimated Long Term Return
                                                        )  And Estimated Current Return?
                                                        )  How Was The Price Of The Bonds
                                                        )  Determined At The Date of Deposit?
                                                        )  What Are Normal Trust Operating Expenses?
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?
                                                        )  Summary Of Portfolios
                                                        )  How Detailed Are Reports To Unitholders?
     (b)  Certain information regarding                 )  *
          periodic payment certificates                 )
     (c)  Certain percentages                           )  How Is The Public Offering Price Determined?

















                                                        )  Market For Units
                                                        )  What Are Estimated Long Term Return
                                                        )  And Estimated Current Return?
                                                        )  How Was The Price Of The Bonds
                                                        )  Determined At The Date Of Deposit?
                                                        )  What Is Accrued Interest?
     (d)  Certain other fees, etc. payable by holders   )  How Was The Price Of The Bonds Determined
                                                        )  At The Date Of Deposit?
                                                        )  What Are Normal Trust Operating Expenses?
                                                        )  Ownership And Transfer Of Units
     (e)  Certain profits receivable by depositor,      )  Composition Of Trusts
          principal underwriter, trustee or             )
          affiliated persons                            )
                                                        )  How Units May Be Purchased By The Sponsor

     (f)  Ratio of annual charges to income             )  *
14.  Issuance of trust's securities                     )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?
                                                        )  Ownership and Transfer of Units
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge
15.  Receipt and handling of payments                   )  *
     from purchasers                                    )
16.  Acquisition and Disposition of                     )  What Is The Nuveen Tax-Free Unit Trust?
     Underlying Securities                              )
                                                        )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  Composition of Trusts
                                                        )  Why and How are the Bonds Insured?
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge
                                                        )  How Bonds May Be Removed From The Trusts
                                                        )  Other Information
17.  Withdrawal or redemption                           )  Market For Units
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge
                                                        )  How Units May Be Purchased By The Sponsor
18.  (a)  Receipt and disposition of income             )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?
                                                        )  How Detailed Are Reports To Unitholders?
     (b)  Reinvestment of distributions                 )  Accumulation Plan
     (c)  Reserves or special funds                     )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?
     (d)  Schedule of distributions                     )  *
19.  Records, accounts and reports                      )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?
                                                        )  How Detailed Are Reports To Unitholders?
20.  Certain miscellaneous provisions of                )  Information About the Trustee
     Trust Agreement                                    )
                                                        )  Information About the Sponsor
                                                        )  Other Information
21.  Loans to security holders                          )  *
22.  Limitations on liability                           )  Summary of Portfolios
                                                        )  Composition of Trusts
                                                        )  Information About The Trustee
23.  Bond arrangements                                  )  *
24.  Other material provisions of Trust Agreement.      )  *

          III. ORGANIZATION, PERSONNEL AND AFFILIATED PERSONS OF DEPOSITOR
25.  Organization of Depositor                          )  Information About the Sponsor
26.  Fees received by Depositor                         )  *

















27.  Business of Depositor                              )  Information About the Sponsor
28.  Certain information as to officials                )  *
     and affiliated persons of Depositor                )
29.  Voting Securities of Depositor                     )  Information About the Sponsor
30.  Persons controlling Depositor                      )
31.  Payments by Depositor for certain                  )
     services rendered to trust                         )
32.  Payments by Depositor for certain                  )  *
     other services rendered to trust                   )
33.  Remuneration of employees of Depositor             )
     for certain services rendered to trust             )
34.  Remuneration of other persons for                  )
     certain services rendered to trust                 )

          IV. DISTRIBUTION AND REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
35.  Distribution of trust's securities by states       )  *
36.  Suspension of sales of trust's securities          )
37.  Revocation of authority to distribute              )
38.  (a)  Method of distribution                        )
     (b)  Underwriting agreements                       )  How Units of The Trusts Are
                                                        )  Distributed To The Public
     (c)  Selling agreement                             )
39.  (a)  Organization of principal underwriter         )  Information About The Sponsor
     (b)  NASD membership of principal underwriter      )
40.  Certain fees received by principal underwriter     )  *
41.  (a)  Business of principal underwriter             )
     (b)  Branch offices of principal underwriter       )  *
     (c)  Salesmen of principal underwriter             )
42.  Ownership of trust's securities by                 )  *
     certain persons                                    )
43.  Certain brokerage commissions received             )  *
     by principal underwriter                           )
44.  (a)  Method of valuation                           )  Part A -- Essential Information
                                                        )  How Is The Public Offering Price Determined?
                                                        )  How Was The Price Of The Bonds
                                                        )  Determined At The Date of Deposit?
                                                        )  What Are Normal Trust Operating Expenses?
     (b)  Schedule as to offering price                 )  *
     (c)  Variation in offering price to                )  How Is the Public Offering Price
          certain persons                               )  Determined?
                                                        )  What Is Accrued Interest?
                                                        )  How Was The Price Of The Bonds
                                                        )  Determined At The Date of Deposit?
45.  Suspension of redemption rights                    )  *
46.  (a)  Redemption valuation                          )  Unit Value and Evaluation
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge
                                                        )  How Units May Be Purchased By The Sponsor
     (b)  Schedule as to redemption price               )  *
47.  Maintenance of position in underlying              )  How Is the Public Offering Price
     securities                                         )  Determined?
                                                        )  How Units May Be Purchased By The Sponsor

          V. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE OR CUSTODIAN

















48.  Organization and regulation of Trustee             )  Information About The Trustee
49.  Fees and expenses of Trustee                       )  Part A -- Essential Information
                                                        )  What Are Normal Trust Operating Expenses?
50.  Trustee's lien                                     )  What Are Normal Trust Operating Expenses?
                                                        )  When Are Distributions Made To Unitholders?

          VI. INFORMATION CONCERNING INSURANCE OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES
51.  Insurance of holders of trust's securities         )  *

          VII. POLICY OF REGISTRANT
52.  (a)  Provisions of trust agreement with            )  What Are Normal Trust Operating
          respect to selection or elimination           )  Expenses?
          of underlying securities                      )
                                                        )  How Units May Be Redeemed Without Charge
                                                        )  How Bonds May Be Removed From The Trusts
     (b)  Transactions involving elimination            )  *
          of underlying securities                      )
     (c)  Policy regarding substitution or              )  Summary of Portfolios
          elimination of underlying securities          )
                                                        )  Composition of Trusts
                                                        )  How Bonds May Be Removed From The Trusts
     (d)  Fundamental policy not otherwise covered      )  *
53.  Tax status of trust                                )  What Is The Tax Status Of Unitholders?

          VIII. FINANCIAL AND STATISTICAL INFORMATION
54.  Trust's securities during last ten years           )  *
55.                                                     )
56.  Certain information regarding                      )  *
     periodic payment certificate                       )
57.                                                     )
58.                                                     )










* Inapplicable, omitted, answer negative or not required.








CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT



A.  BONDING ARRANGEMENTS OF DEPOSITOR:


The  Depositor has obtained the following Stockbrokers Blanket Bonds for its
officers, directors and employees:






INSURER/POLICY NO.                                                      AMOUNT
Reliance Insurance Company                                            $26,000,000
B 262 6895








B.  THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT COMPRISES THE FOLLOWING PAPERS AND DOCUMENTS:


The facing sheet



The Prospectus



The signatures



Consents of Counsel




Exhibits



C.  EXPLANATORY NOTE:


The Registration Statement will contain multiple separate prospectuses. Each
prospectus will relate to an individual  unit investment trust and will  consist
of  a Part A,  a Part B and  an Information Supplement.  Each prospectus will be
identical with the  exception of the  respective Part A  which will contain  the
financial information specific to such underlying unit investment trust.


D.  UNDERTAKINGS:


1.   With the  exception of the  information included in  the state specific
appendices to the  Information Supplement,  which will vary  depending upon  the
make-up  of a  Fund or  updated to  reflect current  events, any  amendment to a
Fund's Information Supplement will be subject to the review of the staff of  the
Securities and Exchange Commission prior to distribution; and


2.   The Information  Supplement to the  Trust will not  include third party
financial information.






SIGNATURES



Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the  Registrant,
Nuveen  Tax-Free  Unit  Trust,  Series 993  has  duly  caused  this Registration
Statement to  be  signed  on  its  behalf  by  the  undersigned  thereunto  duly
authorized in the City of Chicago and State of Illinois on March 6, 1998.



NUVEEN TAX-FREE UNIT TRUST, SERIES 993


(Registrant)



By JOHN NUVEEN & CO. INCORPORATED


(Depositor)



By:  Larry Woods Martin



Vice President





Attest:  Karen L. Healy



Assistant Secretary



Pursuant   to  the  requirements  of  the   Securities  Act  of  1933,  this
Registration Statement has  been signed below  by the following  persons in  the
capacities and on the dates indicated:








          SIGNATURE                        TITLE*                 DATE
Timothy T. Schwertfeger        Chairman, Board of Directors         )
                               Chief Executive Officer and          )
                               Director                             )
                                                                    )
Anthony T. Dean                President, Chief Operating           )
                               Officer and Director                 )           Larry Woods Martin
                                                                    )           Attorney-In-Fact**
                                                                    )
John P. Amboian                Chief Financial Officer and          )              March 6, 1998
                               Executive Vice President             )
                                                                    )
                                                                    )
O. Walter Renfftlen            Vice President and Controller        )
                               (Principal Accounting Officer)       )
                                                                    )
                                                                    )










*  The  titles of  the  persons named  herein  represent their  capacity  in and
relationship to John Nuveen & Co. Incorporated, the Depositor.


** The powers of attorney were filed on Form SE for Messrs. Renfftlen, Dean  and
Schwertfeger  with the  Amendment to the  Registration Statement on  Form S-6 of
Nuveen Tax-Exempt  Unit Trust,  Series 671  (File No.  33-49175). The  Power  of
Attorney  for Messr.  Amboian was filed  with the Amendment  to the Registration
Statement on Form  S-6 of  Nuveen Tax-Exempt Unit  Trust, Series  823 (File  No.
33-62325).






CONSENT OF CHAPMAN AND CUTLER



The  consent of Chapman and Cutler to the  use of its name in the Prospectus
included in the Registration Statement will be filed by amendment.



CONSENT OF STATE COUNSEL



The consents of special counsel to the Fund for state tax matters to the use
of their names in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement will  be
filed by amendment.



CONSENT OF STANDARD & POOR'S,

A DIVISION OF THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES



The  consent of Standard & Poor's,  a Division of The McGraw-Hill Companies,
to the use of its name in the Prospectus included in the Registration  Statement
will be filed by amendment.



CONSENT OF KENNY S&P EVALUATION SERVICES



The  consent of Kenny S&P Evaluation Services to  the use of its name in the
Prospectus included in the Registration Statement will be filed by amendment.



CONSENT OF CARTER, LEDYARD & MILBURN



The consent of  Carter, Ledyard  & Milburn  to the use  of its  name in  the
Prospectus included in the Registration Statement will be filed by amendment.



CONSENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



The  consent of  Arthur Andersen  LLP to the  use of  its report  and to the
reference to such firm in the Prospectus included in the Registration  Statement



will be filed by amendment.










LIST OF EXHIBITS







1.1(a)      Copy  of Standard Terms and Conditions of Trust between John Nuveen & Co. Incorporated,
            Depositor, and  The Chase  Manhattan Bank,  Trustee.  Filed as  Exhibit 1.1(A)  to  the
            Sponsor's  Registration Statement filed with respect  to Series 823 (File No. 33-62325)
            and is incorporated herein by reference.
1.1(b)      Trust Indenture and Agreement (to be supplied by amendment).
1.2*        Copy of Certificate of  Incorporation, as amended, of  John Nuveen & Co.  Incorporated,
            Depositor.
1.3**       Copy  of amendment of Certificate  of Incorporation changing name  of Depositor to John
            Nuveen & Co. Incorporated.
2.1         Copy of Certificate of Ownership (included in Exhibit 1.1(A) and Incorporated herein by
            reference).
3.1         Opinion of counsel as  to legality of  securities being registered  (to be supplied  by
            amendment).
3.2         Opinion  of counsel as to Federal income  tax status of securities being registered (to
            be supplied by amendment).
3.3         Consents of special state  counsel to the Fund  for state tax matters  to use of  their
            names in the Prospectus (to be supplied by amendment).
4.1         Consent of Standard + Poor's Corporation (to be supplied by amendment).
4.2         Consent of Kenny S+P Evaluation Services (to be supplied by amendment).
4.3         Consent of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn (to be supplied by amendment).
6.1         List of Directors and Officers of Depositor and other related information (incorporated
            by  reference to Form S-6 [File  No. 33-62325] filed on September  7, 1995 on behalf of
            Nuveen Tax-Exempt Unit Trust, Series 823).










* Incorporated  by reference  to Form  N-8B-2 (File  No. 811-1547)  filed  on
behalf of Nuveen Tax-Exempt Unit Trust, Series 16.


**  Incorporated by  reference to  Form N-8B-2  (File No.  811-2198) filed on



behalf of Nuveen Tax-Exempt Unit Trust, Series 37.








	Incapital - Unit Trusts
























































Visit Nuveen.com
























The link you have selected is located on another server. Please click the link below once more to proceed to the selected site. Incapital does not endorse this website, its sponsor, or any of the policies, activities, products, or services offered on the site or by any advertiser on the site.  


The link you have selected will redirect you to NuveenUIT.com since as of April 30, 2016 Nuveen Investments acquired Incapital’s unit trust platform. Please click the link below once more to proceed to the selected site. Incapital does not endorse this website, its sponsor, or any of the policies, activities, products, or services offered on the site or by any advertiser on the site.
































Print





Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio



Strategy


Overview


Historical Pricing


Performance


Portfolio Holdings


Distributions





Investment Objective

        The Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio is a unit trust that seeks to provide capital appreciation.  There is no assurance the objective will be met.

Investment Strategy
The Trust seeks to achieve its objective by
purchasing stocks that express the key
investment themes of Bob Doll’s 2016 Ten
Predictions, which anticipate potential
economic, political and financial developments
that may help shape investment opportunities
over the coming year.
Portfolio Security Selection:
Bob Doll, CFA, Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist, Nuveen Asset Management, uses a time-tested proprietary equity investment
process that combines quantitative techniques with fundamental research to recommend stocks for the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio.
The portfolio is designed to capitalize on the economic and market environment described in Bob Doll’s 2016 Ten Predictions.
Universe – The Russell 1000® Index, composed of
approximately 1000 large-cap stocks.
Quantitative Analysis – A multi-factor quantitative model evaluates each
stock’s valuation, growth dynamics, profitability, and capital deployment to narrow the opportunity set.
Fundamental Ranking Process – Stocks are ranked on a scale of 1 to 5
(with 1 being most attractive and 5 being least attractive) using fundamental research and analysis. Stocks rated 5 are excluded from portfolio consideration.
Portfolio Construction – From the remaining pool, Bob Doll recommends,
based upon his judgment, a portfolio (1) most
likely to capitalize on the key investment themes of his 2016 Ten Predictions and (2) offering the highest potential for capital appreciation over the next
15 months. Risk/return frameworks are systematically utilized to limit perceived risk.
Portfolio – Portfolio of large cap stocks across diverse sectors.

Sales Charge Discounts



Breakpoint
                        
Purchase Minimum
                        
Purchase Maximum
                        
Sales Charge
                        





                    Offer
                

                    $0.00
                

                    $49,999.99
                

                    2.950%
                



                    BP 1
                

                    $50,000.00
                

                    $99,999.99
                

                    2.700%
                



                    BP 2
                

                    $100,000.00
                

                    $249,999.99
                

                    2.450%
                



                    BP 3
                

                    $250,000.00
                

                    $499,999.99
                

                    2.200%
                



                    BP 4
                

                    $500,000.00
                

                    $999,999.99
                

                    1.950%
                



                    BP 5
                

                    $1,000,000.00+
                



                    1.400%
                



                    Swap/Roll
                





                    1.950%
                



The sales charge discounts are also applied on a unit basis using a breakpoint equivalent of $10 per unit and are applied on whichever basis is more favorable to the investor. These discounts are only available during the initial offering period. Please see the prospectus for details regarding sales charge discounts including all available discounts.

Sales Charges (based on $10.00)



Maximum Sales Charge
                

                    2.950%
                


Upfront Sales Charge
                

                    1.000%
                


Deferred Sales Charge
                

                    1.450%
                


Creation and Dev. Fee
                

                    0.500%
                



The table above shows the initial offering period sales charges. Percentages are based on a $10.00 per unit offering price. For unit prices other than $10.00, percentages of initial sales charge, creation and development fee, and deferred sales charge will vary. The maximum sales charge is comprised of the initial sales charge, creation and development fee and deferred sales charge. The Trust is also subject to annual operating expenses and organization costs, which are not included in the sales charges. The creation and development fee is a charge of $0.05 per unit collected at the end of the initial offering period. If the price you pay exceeds $10.00 per unit, the creation and development fee will be less than 0.50%; if the price you pay is less than $10.00 per unit, the creation and development fee will exceed 0.50%. Investors will not be assessed the initial and deferred sales charge for eligible fee-based accounts and must purchase units utilizing a Fee CUSIP. Please see the prospectus for sales charge details.


Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.







Pricing Chart

Compare LIQ against key index:


NDX
INDU
SPX













































































































































































































































































































































Pricing



LIQ
                            

                                $11.5311
                            


Prev LIQ
                            

                                $11.5230
                            


LIQ Change
                            

0.07% $0.0081







Historical Highs/Lows*



 
                            
Price
                            
Date
                            




LIQ High:
                            

                                $12.1055
                            

                                3/1/2017
                            


LIQ Low:
                            

                                $9.0287
                            

                                2/11/2016
                            





                        *Trade dates 1/15/2016 to 4/17/2017
                    







Export to Excel






Product Price History



Month:
                                
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Year:
                                
2016
2017















Date
                                        
LIQ
                                        





                                    01/15/16
                                

                                    $9.7550
                                



                                    01/19/16
                                

                                    $9.6187
                                



                                    01/20/16
                                

                                    $9.5185
                                



                                    01/21/16
                                

                                    $9.5726
                                



                                    01/22/16
                                

                                    $9.6307
                                



                                    01/25/16
                                

                                    $9.5113
                                



                                    01/26/16
                                

                                    $9.6409
                                



                                    01/27/16
                                

                                    $9.5005
                                



                                    01/28/16
                                

                                    $9.3229
                                



                                    01/29/16
                                

                                    $9.5464
                                



                                    02/01/16
                                

                                    $9.6226
                                



                                    02/02/16
                                

                                    $9.4176
                                



                                    02/03/16
                                

                                    $9.4327
                                



                                    02/04/16
                                

                                    $9.4622
                                



                                    02/05/16
                                

                                    $9.2813
                                



                                    02/08/16
                                

                                    $9.1189
                                



                                    02/09/16
                                

                                    $9.1370
                                



                                    02/10/16
                                

                                    $9.1685
                                



                                    02/11/16
                                

                                    $9.0287
                                



                                    02/12/16
                                

                                    $9.2615
                                



                                    02/16/16
                                

                                    $9.4659
                                



                                    02/17/16
                                

                                    $9.6417
                                



                                    02/18/16
                                

                                    $9.6503
                                



                                    02/19/16
                                

                                    $9.6506
                                



                                    02/22/16
                                

                                    $9.8231
                                



                                    02/23/16
                                

                                    $9.7077
                                



                                    02/24/16
                                

                                    $9.7655
                                



                                    02/25/16
                                

                                    $9.8683
                                



                                    02/26/16
                                

                                    $9.8582
                                



                                    02/29/16
                                

                                    $9.7918
                                



                                    03/01/16
                                

                                    $10.0262
                                



                                    03/02/16
                                

                                    $10.0285
                                



                                    03/03/16
                                

                                    $10.1034
                                



                                    03/04/16
                                

                                    $10.1362
                                



                                    03/07/16
                                

                                    $10.1659
                                



                                    03/08/16
                                

                                    $10.0623
                                



                                    03/09/16
                                

                                    $10.1057
                                



                                    03/10/16
                                

                                    $10.1003
                                



                                    03/11/16
                                

                                    $10.2774
                                



                                    03/14/16
                                

                                    $10.2809
                                



                                    03/15/16
                                

                                    $10.2431
                                



                                    03/16/16
                                

                                    $10.3384
                                



                                    03/17/16
                                

                                    $10.3650
                                



                                    03/18/16
                                

                                    $10.4995
                                



                                    03/21/16
                                

                                    $10.5313
                                



                                    03/22/16
                                

                                    $10.5198
                                



                                    03/23/16
                                

                                    $10.4252
                                



                                    03/24/16
                                

                                    $10.3960
                                



                                    03/28/16
                                

                                    $10.3915
                                



                                    03/29/16
                                

                                    $10.4910
                                



                                    03/30/16
                                

                                    $10.5391
                                



                                    03/31/16
                                

                                    $10.5372
                                



                                    04/01/16
                                

                                    $10.5181
                                



                                    04/04/16
                                

                                    $10.4569
                                



                                    04/05/16
                                

                                    $10.3902
                                



                                    04/06/16
                                

                                    $10.4992
                                



                                    04/07/16
                                

                                    $10.3346
                                



                                    04/08/16
                                

                                    $10.3624
                                



                                    04/11/16
                                

                                    $10.3689
                                



                                    04/12/16
                                

                                    $10.4636
                                



                                    04/13/16
                                

                                    $10.6509
                                



                                    04/14/16
                                

                                    $10.7009
                                



                                    04/15/16
                                

                                    $10.6828
                                



                                    04/18/16
                                

                                    $10.6722
                                



                                    04/19/16
                                

                                    $10.7168
                                



                                    04/20/16
                                

                                    $10.7761
                                



                                    04/21/16
                                

                                    $10.6673
                                



                                    04/22/16
                                

                                    $10.6518
                                



                                    04/25/16
                                

                                    $10.6250
                                



                                    04/26/16
                                

                                    $10.6391
                                



                                    04/27/16
                                

                                    $10.6493
                                



                                    04/28/16
                                

                                    $10.4732
                                



                                    04/29/16
                                

                                    $10.3227
                                



                                    05/02/16
                                

                                    $10.3547
                                



                                    05/03/16
                                

                                    $10.2628
                                



                                    05/04/16
                                

                                    $10.1395
                                



                                    05/05/16
                                

                                    $10.1022
                                



                                    05/06/16
                                

                                    $10.1451
                                



                                    05/09/16
                                

                                    $10.1617
                                



                                    05/10/16
                                

                                    $10.2705
                                



                                    05/11/16
                                

                                    $10.1325
                                



                                    05/12/16
                                

                                    $10.0706
                                



                                    05/13/16
                                

                                    $10.0031
                                



                                    05/16/16
                                

                                    $10.1219
                                



                                    05/17/16
                                

                                    $10.0261
                                



                                    05/18/16
                                

                                    $10.0700
                                



                                    05/19/16
                                

                                    $10.0038
                                



                                    05/20/16
                                

                                    $10.0710
                                



                                    05/23/16
                                

                                    $10.0274
                                



                                    05/24/16
                                

                                    $10.1912
                                



                                    05/25/16
                                

                                    $10.2569
                                



                                    05/26/16
                                

                                    $10.2496
                                



                                    05/27/16
                                

                                    $10.3027
                                



                                    05/31/16
                                

                                    $10.3085
                                



                                    06/01/16
                                

                                    $10.2829
                                



                                    06/02/16
                                

                                    $10.3239
                                



                                    06/03/16
                                

                                    $10.2441
                                



                                    06/06/16
                                

                                    $10.2938
                                



                                    06/07/16
                                

                                    $10.3347
                                



                                    06/08/16
                                

                                    $10.2874
                                



                                    06/09/16
                                

                                    $10.2720
                                



                                    06/10/16
                                

                                    $10.1641
                                



                                    06/13/16
                                

                                    $10.0304
                                



                                    06/14/16
                                

                                    $9.8931
                                



                                    06/15/16
                                

                                    $9.9070
                                



                                    06/16/16
                                

                                    $9.9130
                                



                                    06/17/16
                                

                                    $9.9132
                                



                                    06/20/16
                                

                                    $9.9989
                                



                                    06/21/16
                                

                                    $10.0218
                                



                                    06/22/16
                                

                                    $9.9735
                                



                                    06/23/16
                                

                                    $10.0990
                                



                                    06/24/16
                                

                                    $9.6391
                                



                                    06/27/16
                                

                                    $9.3878
                                



                                    06/28/16
                                

                                    $9.5771
                                



                                    06/29/16
                                

                                    $9.7655
                                



                                    06/30/16
                                

                                    $9.8778
                                



                                    07/01/16
                                

                                    $9.9495
                                



                                    07/05/16
                                

                                    $9.8143
                                



                                    07/06/16
                                

                                    $9.8885
                                



                                    07/07/16
                                

                                    $9.9330
                                



                                    07/08/16
                                

                                    $10.1289
                                



                                    07/11/16
                                

                                    $10.2085
                                



                                    07/12/16
                                

                                    $10.3700
                                



                                    07/13/16
                                

                                    $10.3572
                                



                                    07/14/16
                                

                                    $10.4645
                                



                                    07/15/16
                                

                                    $10.4575
                                



                                    07/18/16
                                

                                    $10.4948
                                



                                    07/19/16
                                

                                    $10.5077
                                



                                    07/20/16
                                

                                    $10.5488
                                



                                    07/21/16
                                

                                    $10.5016
                                



                                    07/22/16
                                

                                    $10.5695
                                



                                    07/25/16
                                

                                    $10.5699
                                



                                    07/26/16
                                

                                    $10.5685
                                



                                    07/27/16
                                

                                    $10.5573
                                



                                    07/28/16
                                

                                    $10.5130
                                



                                    07/29/16
                                

                                    $10.5007
                                



                                    08/01/16
                                

                                    $10.5245
                                



                                    08/02/16
                                

                                    $10.3685
                                



                                    08/03/16
                                

                                    $10.4199
                                



                                    08/04/16
                                

                                    $10.4137
                                



                                    08/05/16
                                

                                    $10.5609
                                



                                    08/08/16
                                

                                    $10.5407
                                



                                    08/09/16
                                

                                    $10.5164
                                



                                    08/10/16
                                

                                    $10.4703
                                



                                    08/11/16
                                

                                    $10.5291
                                



                                    08/12/16
                                

                                    $10.5100
                                



                                    08/15/16
                                

                                    $10.5735
                                



                                    08/16/16
                                

                                    $10.5236
                                



                                    08/17/16
                                

                                    $10.4969
                                



                                    08/18/16
                                

                                    $10.4713
                                



                                    08/19/16
                                

                                    $10.4547
                                



                                    08/22/16
                                

                                    $10.4465
                                



                                    08/23/16
                                

                                    $10.5007
                                



                                    08/24/16
                                

                                    $10.4677
                                



                                    08/25/16
                                

                                    $10.4412
                                



                                    08/26/16
                                

                                    $10.4141
                                



                                    08/29/16
                                

                                    $10.4734
                                



                                    08/30/16
                                

                                    $10.5039
                                



                                    08/31/16
                                

                                    $10.5122
                                



                                    09/01/16
                                

                                    $10.5008
                                



                                    09/02/16
                                

                                    $10.5474
                                



                                    09/06/16
                                

                                    $10.5799
                                



                                    09/07/16
                                

                                    $10.6400
                                



                                    09/08/16
                                

                                    $10.6151
                                



                                    09/09/16
                                

                                    $10.3375
                                



                                    09/12/16
                                

                                    $10.5087
                                



                                    09/13/16
                                

                                    $10.3501
                                



                                    09/14/16
                                

                                    $10.3031
                                



                                    09/15/16
                                

                                    $10.3998
                                



                                    09/16/16
                                

                                    $10.3481
                                



                                    09/19/16
                                

                                    $10.3668
                                



                                    09/20/16
                                

                                    $10.3653
                                



                                    09/21/16
                                

                                    $10.4730
                                



                                    09/22/16
                                

                                    $10.5496
                                



                                    09/23/16
                                

                                    $10.4961
                                



                                    09/26/16
                                

                                    $10.3797
                                



                                    09/27/16
                                

                                    $10.4489
                                



                                    09/28/16
                                

                                    $10.4713
                                



                                    09/29/16
                                

                                    $10.3816
                                



                                    09/30/16
                                

                                    $10.4884
                                



                                    10/03/16
                                

                                    $10.4851
                                



                                    10/04/16
                                

                                    $10.4587
                                



                                    10/05/16
                                

                                    $10.5145
                                



                                    10/06/16
                                

                                    $10.4926
                                



                                    10/07/16
                                

                                    $10.4379
                                



                                    10/10/16
                                

                                    $10.4927
                                



                                    10/11/16
                                

                                    $10.3678
                                



                                    10/12/16
                                

                                    $10.3669
                                



                                    10/13/16
                                

                                    $10.3560
                                



                                    10/14/16
                                

                                    $10.3256
                                



                                    10/17/16
                                

                                    $10.2726
                                



                                    10/18/16
                                

                                    $10.3085
                                



                                    10/19/16
                                

                                    $10.3750
                                



                                    10/20/16
                                

                                    $10.3445
                                



                                    10/21/16
                                

                                    $10.3273
                                



                                    10/24/16
                                

                                    $10.3841
                                



                                    10/25/16
                                

                                    $10.3063
                                



                                    10/26/16
                                

                                    $10.2947
                                



                                    10/27/16
                                

                                    $10.2912
                                



                                    10/28/16
                                

                                    $10.1383
                                



                                    10/31/16
                                

                                    $10.1829
                                



                                    11/01/16
                                

                                    $10.1098
                                



                                    11/02/16
                                

                                    $10.1309
                                



                                    11/03/16
                                

                                    $10.0533
                                



                                    11/04/16
                                

                                    $10.0636
                                



                                    11/07/16
                                

                                    $10.2951
                                



                                    11/08/16
                                

                                    $10.3042
                                



                                    11/09/16
                                

                                    $10.4652
                                



                                    11/10/16
                                

                                    $10.6117
                                



                                    11/11/16
                                

                                    $10.6627
                                



                                    11/14/16
                                

                                    $10.7650
                                



                                    11/15/16
                                

                                    $10.7996
                                



                                    11/16/16
                                

                                    $10.7674
                                



                                    11/17/16
                                

                                    $10.8291
                                



                                    11/18/16
                                

                                    $10.8264
                                



                                    11/21/16
                                

                                    $10.8788
                                



                                    11/22/16
                                

                                    $10.9252
                                



                                    11/23/16
                                

                                    $10.9139
                                



                                    11/25/16
                                

                                    $10.9722
                                



                                    11/28/16
                                

                                    $10.9096
                                



                                    11/29/16
                                

                                    $10.9051
                                



                                    11/30/16
                                

                                    $10.8583
                                



                                    12/01/16
                                

                                    $10.8840
                                



                                    12/02/16
                                

                                    $10.9099
                                



                                    12/05/16
                                

                                    $10.9489
                                



                                    12/06/16
                                

                                    $11.0066
                                



                                    12/07/16
                                

                                    $11.1314
                                



                                    12/08/16
                                

                                    $11.1807
                                



                                    12/09/16
                                

                                    $11.2777
                                



                                    12/12/16
                                

                                    $11.2051
                                



                                    12/13/16
                                

                                    $11.2660
                                



                                    12/14/16
                                

                                    $11.1804
                                



                                    12/15/16
                                

                                    $11.2526
                                



                                    12/16/16
                                

                                    $11.1988
                                



                                    12/19/16
                                

                                    $11.2206
                                



                                    12/20/16
                                

                                    $11.2796
                                



                                    12/21/16
                                

                                    $11.2716
                                



                                    12/22/16
                                

                                    $11.1743
                                



                                    12/23/16
                                

                                    $11.2000
                                



                                    12/27/16
                                

                                    $11.2256
                                



                                    12/28/16
                                

                                    $11.1269
                                



                                    12/29/16
                                

                                    $11.1233
                                



                                    12/30/16
                                

                                    $11.0691
                                



                                    01/03/17
                                

                                    $11.1756
                                



                                    01/04/17
                                

                                    $11.3322
                                



                                    01/05/17
                                

                                    $11.2332
                                



                                    01/06/17
                                

                                    $11.2577
                                



                                    01/09/17
                                

                                    $11.2301
                                



                                    01/10/17
                                

                                    $11.3121
                                



                                    01/11/17
                                

                                    $11.3301
                                



                                    01/12/17
                                

                                    $11.2892
                                



                                    01/13/17
                                

                                    $11.3083
                                



                                    01/17/17
                                

                                    $11.2630
                                



                                    01/18/17
                                

                                    $11.2598
                                



                                    01/19/17
                                

                                    $11.2301
                                



                                    01/20/17
                                

                                    $11.2442
                                



                                    01/23/17
                                

                                    $11.1677
                                



                                    01/24/17
                                

                                    $11.2402
                                



                                    01/25/17
                                

                                    $11.3475
                                



                                    01/26/17
                                

                                    $11.3503
                                



                                    01/27/17
                                

                                    $11.3247
                                



                                    01/30/17
                                

                                    $11.2486
                                



                                    01/31/17
                                

                                    $11.2393
                                



                                    02/01/17
                                

                                    $11.2713
                                



                                    02/02/17
                                

                                    $11.2894
                                



                                    02/03/17
                                

                                    $11.4108
                                



                                    02/06/17
                                

                                    $11.4216
                                



                                    02/07/17
                                

                                    $11.4071
                                



                                    02/08/17
                                

                                    $11.3971
                                



                                    02/09/17
                                

                                    $11.4703
                                



                                    02/10/17
                                

                                    $11.5064
                                



                                    02/13/17
                                

                                    $11.6103
                                



                                    02/14/17
                                

                                    $11.7050
                                



                                    02/15/17
                                

                                    $11.8210
                                



                                    02/16/17
                                

                                    $11.8013
                                



                                    02/17/17
                                

                                    $11.8603
                                



                                    02/21/17
                                

                                    $11.9271
                                



                                    02/22/17
                                

                                    $11.9131
                                



                                    02/23/17
                                

                                    $11.9440
                                



                                    02/24/17
                                

                                    $12.0063
                                



                                    02/27/17
                                

                                    $12.0308
                                



                                    02/28/17
                                

                                    $11.9188
                                



                                    03/01/17
                                

                                    $12.1055
                                



                                    03/02/17
                                

                                    $12.0166
                                



                                    03/03/17
                                

                                    $12.0715
                                



                                    03/06/17
                                

                                    $11.9506
                                



                                    03/07/17
                                

                                    $11.8902
                                



                                    03/08/17
                                

                                    $11.9016
                                



                                    03/09/17
                                

                                    $11.8789
                                



                                    03/10/17
                                

                                    $11.8952
                                



                                    03/13/17
                                

                                    $11.8719
                                



                                    03/14/17
                                

                                    $11.8198
                                



                                    03/15/17
                                

                                    $11.9084
                                



                                    03/16/17
                                

                                    $11.9061
                                



                                    03/17/17
                                

                                    $11.8339
                                



                                    03/20/17
                                

                                    $11.7962
                                



                                    03/21/17
                                

                                    $11.5776
                                



                                    03/22/17
                                

                                    $11.6436
                                



                                    03/23/17
                                

                                    $11.6240
                                



                                    03/24/17
                                

                                    $11.6322
                                



                                    03/27/17
                                

                                    $11.6300
                                



                                    03/28/17
                                

                                    $11.7417
                                



                                    03/29/17
                                

                                    $11.7270
                                



                                    03/30/17
                                

                                    $11.7777
                                



                                    03/31/17
                                

                                    $11.7564
                                



                                    04/03/17
                                

                                    $11.6866
                                



                                    04/04/17
                                

                                    $11.6503
                                



                                    04/05/17
                                

                                    $11.6003
                                



                                    04/06/17
                                

                                    $11.6261
                                



                                    04/07/17
                                

                                    $11.6106
                                



                                    04/10/17
                                

                                    $11.6218
                                



                                    04/11/17
                                

                                    $11.6298
                                



                                    04/12/17
                                

                                    $11.6027
                                



                                    04/13/17
                                

                                    $11.5230
                                



                                    04/17/17
                                

                                    $11.5311
                                






Export to Excel






LIQ is the Liquidation Price.  Represents the value per unit that a unitholder would receive if the unitholder redeemed or sold units.  This price is equal to the net asset value per unit plus any remaining organization costs and creation & development fee.  This price reflects any remaining non-contingent deferred sales charges payable in connection with a liquidation of units.
Past performance is no indication of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Units when redeemed may be worth more or less than their original cost. 
This page contains historical pricing or historical distributions information for the unit investment trust listed above. It should not be used for federal or state tax purposes, please contact your financial advisor for tax information.




Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.



Product Performance as of 4/17/2017




Cumulative Return
                




Year to
                    Date
                
Since
                    Deposit
                
3 Months
                
6 Months
                






Distributions Reinvested



With Transaction Sales Charge
                

                    1.6216%
                

                    17.2743%
                

                    -0.1282%
                

                    10.5374%
                



Without Transaction Sales Charge
                

                    4.1738%
                

                    20.2197%
                

                    2.3804%
                

                    13.3136%
                




Distributions in Cash



With Transaction Sales Charge
                

                    1.6216%
                

                    17.1320%
                

                    -0.1282%
                

                    10.5141%
                



Without Transaction Sales Charge
                

                    4.1738%
                

                    20.0738%
                

                    2.3804%
                

                    13.2897%
                




Returns With Transactional Sales Charge reflect the maximum transactional sales charge that would be payable by an investor upon sale or redemption of units at the end of the applicable period(s). The transactional sales charge includes any initial or deferred sales charges other than the creation and development fee. These returns do not reflect any creation and development fee prior to collection (generally the close of the initial offering period). Any creation and development fee is reflected in the returns as of the time of payment by a trust.

Returns Without Transactional Sales Charge do not reflect any transactional sales charge and do not reflect any creation and development fee prior to collection (generally the close of the initial offering period). Any creation and development fee is reflected in the returns as of the time of payment by a trust.
Returns are cumulative total returns (not annualized) unless labeled as average annual returns.  Distribution Received in Cash returns reflect trust expenses as incurred and assume income and principal distributions are paid out in cash on the payable date.  Distributions Reinvested returns reflect trust expenses as incurred and assume income and principal distributions are reinvested on the reinvestment date.

Past performance is no indication of future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Units when redeemed may be worth more or less than their original cost.

All returns are historical and do not represent potential future performance.  A trust’s performance, especially for short time periods, should not be the sole factor in making your investment decision.


Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.









Asset Style
                                
Weight
                                





                            Large Cap Value
                        

                            40.04 %
                        



                            Large Cap Blend
                        

                            31.82 %
                        



                            Large Cap Growth
                        

                            28.14 %
                        









Asset Type
                                
Weight
                                





                            Common Stock
                        

                            100.00 %
                        











Sector Composition
                                
Weight
                                





                            Consumer Discretionary
                        

                            28.09 %
                        



                            Information Technology
                        

                            19.98 %
                        



                            Health Care
                        

                            16.03 %
                        



                            Financials
                        

                            15.99 %
                        



                            Industrials
                        

                            15.89 %
                        



                            Utilities
                        

                            4.02 %
                        









Country Composition
                                
Weight
                                





                            Domestic
                        

                            95.97 %
                        



                            Foreign
                        

                            4.03 %
                        








Portfolio Holdings



Name
                            
Symbol
                            
Sector
                            
Style
                            
Weight
                            





                        Delphi Automotive PLC
                    

                        DLPH
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        4.03 %
                    



                        Ford Motor Company
                    

                        F
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.02 %
                    



                        General Motors Company
                    

                        GM
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.02 %
                    



                        Lowe's Companies, Inc.
                    

                        LOW
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        4.06 %
                    



                        McDonald's Corporation
                    

                        MCD
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.97 %
                    



                        Target Corporation
                    

                        TGT
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        The Home Depot, Inc.
                    

                        HD
                    

                        Consumer Discretionary
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        3.99 %
                    



                        American Express Company
                    

                        AXP
                    

                        Financials
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        4.01 %
                    



                        Discover Financial Services
                    

                        DFS
                    

                        Financials
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.02 %
                    



                        JPMorgan Chase & Co.
                    

                        JPM
                    

                        Financials
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        3.96 %
                    



                        The Travelers Companies, Inc.
                    

                        TRV
                    

                        Financials
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        AmerisourceBergen Corporation
                    

                        ABC
                    

                        Health Care
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        Amgen Inc.
                    

                        AMGN
                    

                        Health Care
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        3.99 %
                    



                        Gilead Sciences, Inc. 
                    

                        GILD
                    

                        Health Care
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.97 %
                    



                        McKesson Corporation
                    

                        MCK
                    

                        Health Care
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        4.07 %
                    



                        Delta Air Lines, Inc.
                    

                        DAL
                    

                        Industrials
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.99 %
                    



                        Southwest Airlines Co.
                    

                        LUV
                    

                        Industrials
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.97 %
                    



                        The Boeing Company
                    

                        BA
                    

                        Industrials
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.97 %
                    



                        United Continental Holdings Inc.
                    

                        UAL
                    

                        Industrials
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.96 %
                    



                        Apple Inc.
                    

                        AAPL
                    

                        Information Technology
                    

                        Large Cap Blend
                    

                        3.98 %
                    



                        Cisco Systems, Inc.
                    

                        CSCO
                    

                        Information Technology
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        EBAY INC
                    

                        EBAY
                    

                        Information Technology
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        HP Inc.
                    

                        HPQ
                    

                        Information Technology
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        Mastercard Incorporated
                    

                        MA
                    

                        Information Technology
                    

                        Large Cap Growth
                    

                        4.00 %
                    



                        Exelon Corporation
                    

                        EXC
                    

                        Utilities
                    

                        Large Cap Value
                    

                        4.02 %
                    




Data used for the Portfolio Holdings and Portfolio Allocation Characteristics is from Bloomberg Finance L.P. Portfolio holdings are provided for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell individual securities. Portfolio Holdings and Portfolio Allocation Characteristics are as of deposit day and are subject to change and may vary thereafter.
The style and capitalization characteristics are designed to help investors understand how they fit into an overall investment plan. Value, blend and growth are types of investment styles. Growth Investing generally seeks stocks that offer the potential for greater-than-average earnings growth, and may entail greater risk than value or blend investing. Value investing generally seeks stocks that may be sound investments but are temporarily out of favor in the marketplace, and may entail less risk than growth investing. A blend investment combines the two styles. Market capitalization is determined by the following criteria: Large Cap: Greater than $10 billion, Mid Cap: $2 billion-$10 billion, Small Cap: $250 million-$2 billion Micro Cap: Below $250 million.


Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.



Distributions



Record Date
                        
Distribution Date
                        
Reinvestment Date
                        
Reinvest Price
                        
Principal Distribution Per Unit
                        
Income Distribution Per Unit
                        





                    6/10/2016
                

                    6/25/2016
                

                    6/22/2016
                

                    $9.9735
                

                    0
                

                    $0.0754
                



                    12/10/2016
                

                    12/25/2016
                

                    12/21/2016
                

                    $11.2716
                

                    0
                

                    $0.1067
                



                    4/17/2017
                

                    4/17/2017
                











Income distributions will vary with changes in dividends or interest received on the underlying securities and with changes in the trust's fees and expenses. Principal distributions will be made only when the trust receives principal cash and will therefore vary. Both income and principal distributions may be affected by the sale of securities in the portfolio. See the prospectus for a more detailed description of the factors which could affect income and principal distributions.
This page contains historical pricing or historical distributions information for the unit investment trust listed above. It should not be used for federal or state tax purposes, please contact your financial advisor for tax information.

2012 - Form 8937 - Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities  
2013 - Form 8937 - Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities  
2014 - Form 8937 - Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities  
2015 - Form 8937 - Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities  
2016 - Form 8937 - Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities  

23390-INV-AN-02/27 




Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.







Featuring the investment expertise of  





An Equity Unit Trust Designed to Offer:

Potential for capital appreciation for investors willing to accept associated equity market risks
High-conviction portfolio from an experienced portfolio manager and widely followed market strategist
Portfolio approach seeking to limit uncompensated risk
Investment opportunities not fully reflected in today’s stock market valuations



Why Large-Cap U.S. Equity Now?
Nuveen Asset Management believes:


The global economy should broaden and improve, providing a tailwind for equities
Earnings growth may be limited, but select opportunities can be found
Equities may struggle, but should still outperform other asset classes
In a difficult investing environment, selectivity will remain critical


Portfolio Security Selection
Bob Doll, CFA, Senior Portfolio Manager and Chief Equity Strategist, Nuveen Asset Management, uses a time-tested proprietary equity investment process that combines quantitative techniques with fundamental research to recommend stocks for the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. The portfolio is designed to capitalize on the economic and market environment described in Bob Doll’s 2016 Ten Predictions.



Bob Doll’s 2016 Ten Predictions 
 
Each year, Bob Doll develops a series of predictions that serve as a forecast of some of the critical economic and market developments that investors will face in the coming year. 
 
Nuveen Asset Management publishes regular updates about the Ten Predictions, affording investors an ongoing opportunity to assess the market environment. 
 

U.S. real GDP remains below 3% and nominal GDP below 5% for an unprecedented tenth year in a row.
U.S. Treasury rates rise for a second year, but high yield spreads fall.
S&P 500 earnings make limited headway as consumer spending advances are partially offset by oil, the dollar and wage rates.
For the first time in almost 40 years, U.S. equities experience a single-digit percentage change for the second year in a row.
Stocks outperform bonds for the fifth consecutive year.
Non-U.S. equities outperform domestic equities, while non-U.S. fixed income outperforms domestic fixed income.
Information technology, financials and telecommunication services outperform energy, materials and utilities.
Geopolitics, terrorism and cyberattacks continue to haunt investors but have little market impact.
The federal budget deficit rises in dollars and as a percentage of GDP for the first time in seven years.
Republicans retain the House and the Senate and capture the White House.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Uneven economic growth and corporate earnings will be key influences for equities. In this environment, stock selection is critical.” – Bob Doll, Nuveen Asset Management

The opinions expressed by Bob Doll of Nuveen Asset Management, LLC are for informational purposes only as of the date of writing and may change at any time based on market or other conditions and may not come to pass. These views may differ from other investment professionals at Nuveen Investments and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities and should not be considered specific legal, investment or tax advice. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives, financial situation, or particular needs of any specific person. All investments carry a certain degree of risk and there is no assurance that an investment will provide positive performance over any time period. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Risk Considerations
There is no assurance that a unit investment trust will achieve its investment objective. An investment in this unit investment trust is subject to market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the trust will decline and that the value of trust units may therefore be less than what you paid for them. This trust is unmanaged. You can lose money investing in this trust.

Common stocks do not assure dividend payments. Dividends are paid only when declared by an issuer’s board of directors and the amount of any dividend may vary over time. There can be no guarantee dividend payments from securities held in the trust, if any, will increase or that dividend yield on securities in the trust will be greater than the yield of any index mentioned herein.

A portfolio concentrated in a single market sector may present more risk than a portfolio broadly diversified over several sectors.
 
This trust is concentrated in the consumer discretionary sector. The success of consumer discretionary companies, which manufacture products and provide discretionary services directly to the consumer, is tied closely to the performance of the overall domestic and international economy, interest rates, competition and consumer confidence. Success also depends heavily on disposable household income and consumer spending. Changes in demographics and consumer tastes can also affect the demand for, and success of, consumer discretionary products in the marketplace.

Investing in foreign securities involves certain risks not typically associated with investing solely in the United States. This may magnify volatility due to changes in foreign exchange rates, the political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries, U.S. or foreign tax treatment, and the potential lack of liquidity, government supervision and regulation.

Although this trust’s life is approximately 15 months, this strategy should be considered as part of a long-term investment strategy and investors should consider their ability to pursue investing in successive portfolios at the applicable sales charge, if available. There may be tax consequences associated with an investment from one series to the next unless units are purchased in an IRA or other qualified tax-deferred account. Investors should consult their tax advisor or attorney to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next.

NOT FDIC INSURED - NOT BANK GUARANTEED - MAY LOSE VALUE

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the unit investment trust carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about this unit investment trust. To obtain a prospectus, please request one from your financial advisor or visit nuveen.com/UIT. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Incapital Unit Trust, Series 114, is a unit investment trust that consists of the Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio. Nuveen Securities, LLC serves as the Trust’s sponsor and Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC serves as the Trust’s evaluator and supervisor.

Nuveen Asset Management, LLC provides the trusts with portfolio consulting services. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser and subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. The Trust is distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. Nuveen Asset Management, LLC name and logo are registered marks of Nuveen Investments, Inc.



























Documents


Fact Sheet
Prospectus




Resources



Summary


Trust Name:
Nuveen 2016 Equity Outlook Portfolio


Trust Series:
2016


Trust Symbol:
NEO2016


NASDAQ Symbol:
INNECX


Portfolio Status:
Terminated


Offer Date:
1/15/2016


Termination Date:
4/17/2017


First Record Date:
6/10/2016


First Payment Date:
6/25/2016


Frequency:
Semi-Annual


Tax Structure:
RIC


Initial Public Offer price:
$10.0000


LIQ (1):
$11.5311


Est. Net Annual Income (2):
$0.2036


Hist. Annual Div. Dist. (3):
N/A


Cash Cusip:
45331X102


Reinvest Cusip:
45331X110


Fee Cash Cusip:
45331X128


Fee Reinvest Cusip:
45331X136





1. LIQ is the Liquidation Price.  Represents the value per unit that a unitholder would receive if the unitholder redeemed or sold units.  This price is equal to the net asset value per unit plus any remaining organization costs and creation & development fee.  This price reflects any remaining non-contingent deferred sales charges payable in connection with a liquidation of units.
2. There is no guarantee that any distributions will be made.  The estimated net annual income is per unit as of deposit day and based on the most recently declared dividends, distributions or interim and final dividends accounting for any foreign withholding taxes of the portfolio’s holdings.  The actual net annual income distributions you receive will vary from the estimate with changes in the portfolio’s fees and expenses, income received, currency fluctuations, and with the call, redemption, maturity, or sale of securities. 
3. The historical annual dividend distribution was calculated as of the day of deposit based on the trailing 12-month dividends or distributions paid by each issuer of securities in the trust portfolio and is net of the deferred sales charge and operating expenses charged by the trust. The trailing 12-month dividend for each issuer includes net dividend amounts for all fixed schedule dividends that have been declared over the past 12 months, excluding special distributions like special cash and return of capital, taxes, any related dividend fees and tax related credits. The amount of distributions you receive will vary from the above-stated amount due to changes in the dividends or distributions paid by issuers, changes in the trust's fees and expenses, income received, currency fluctuations, and with the call, redemption, maturity or sale of portfolio securities. Fees and expenses of the trust may vary as a result of the trust's size, redemption activity, brokerage and other transaction costs and extraordinary expenses among other factors.





















    168785-INV-AN-0618




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Investment Management




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Investment Management
Insights, Strategies and Solutions
Our experienced professionals have expertise in a broad spectrum of traditional, alternative and non-financial assets.  We can work with you to develop and manage a portfolio tailored to your needs.






Portfolio Consulting
A collaborative dialogue with your portfolio manager
Your portfolio manager is a key member of your U.S. Trust relationship team and serves as your personal "chief investment officer." He or she will work with you to create an Investment Policy Statement, which serves as a blueprint for your portfolio by documenting your:

Objectives
Risk tolerance
Cash flow needs
 Tax situation
Wealth aspirations

Your portfolio manager's ongoing role is to incorporate our best strategic and tactical thinking, most relevant research analysis, current market insights and appropriate investment solutions into your portfolio. He or she will regularly monitor your portfolio to make sure it conforms to your Investment Policy Statement, which will be updated whenever there are significant changes in your life or goals.
Asset management
A more complete approach to asset allocation1
We analyze a wide range of asset classes, including hedge and private equity funds2 and global investment opportunities, as potential components of an asset allocation. In addition, we believe that true diversification requires managing for cash flows across and within asset classes in various market environments — not simply allocating according to a grid.
Your asset allocation will be based on the long-term expectations established for each asset class by our most senior investment professionals. Over the shorter term, however, your portfolio manager can adjust your portfolio tactically in response to emerging opportunities and risks, and reflecting U.S. Trust insights about trends and themes relevant to you.
How you own your assets — personally or in trusts; in taxable or tax-exempt solutions — can have a material impact on the overall performance of your portfolio. At U.S. Trust we focus on this wealth structuring aspect of your portfolio in conjunction with managing the assets themselves.
Alternative Investments
SOPHISTICATED SOLUTIONS TO MEET YOUR NEEDS2
Alternative investments at U.S. Trust focus on non-traditional assets such as:

Hedge funds
Private equity
Real estate and tangible assets

Because performance is often differentiated from equity and fixed income markets, alternative investments may be an ideal complement to traditional investments. 
Through our access to the industry's premier managers, we are able to offer solutions that provide options for all client segments. And we support you every step of the way with knowledge built on our experience in alternatives, including industry-leading research, rigorous due diligence, and cutting-edge portfolio construction.
Drawing from the experience, resources and expertise of the firm, you and your portfolio manager can explore alternative investments that can help you pursue what matters most to you.
Specialty asset management
Expertise in nonfinancial assets3
Specialty asset management at U.S. Trust focuses on nonfinancial assets such as:

Farm and ranch land
Timberland
Oil and gas properties
Private businesses
Real estate

Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist, as appropriate, to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
We can help you realize your objectives with assets you already own, or help you acquire specific assets to take advantage of their capital growth and diversification potential — whether you own these assets outright or they are held in trust.
Our team of specialists can provide complete turnkey services including identifying and purchasing real property and providing ongoing management.
Capital markets
Sophisticated market-linked solutions4
Through our access to the resources of Merrill Lynch, one of the world's leading capital markets participants, we can tailor approaches to risks and opportunities in the foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity and equity markets. Derivative-based transactions target the risks you seek to hedge, and are designed to dovetail with your overall portfolio and wealth management strategies.

1 Asset allocation and diversification do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
2 Alternative Investments such as derivatives, hedge funds, private equity funds, and funds of funds can result in higher return potential but also higher loss potential. Changes in economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect your investments. Before you invest in alternative investments, you should consider your overall financial situation, how much money you have to invest, your need for liquidity, and your tolerance for risk. Alternative investments are speculative and involve a high degree of risk.
3 Nonfinancial assets, such as closely-held businesses, real estate, oil, gas and mineral properties, and timber, farm and ranch land, are complex in nature and involve risks including total loss of value.  Special risk considerations include natural events (for example, earthquakes or fires), complex tax considerations, and lack of liquidity.  Nonfinancial assets are not suitable for all investors.  Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager, and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax, or estate planning strategy.
4 Brokerage services are provided by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
Certain U.S. Trust associates are registered representatives with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S") and may assist you with investment products and services provided through MLPF&S and other nonbank investment affiliates. MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp."). U.S. Trust operates through Bank of America, N.A., and other subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
AR-ARY4G4DX-EXP-2017.06.17 






Videos:


Investment Management




Portfolio Construction



Fixed Income Solutions



Specialty Asset Manangement

View More Videos






You Might Also Be Interested In:

Wealth Structuring
Credit & Banking
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Institutional Investment Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

A Transforming World


Impact Investing




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






CA7FC4BF (SCB*******803)




   






Web - unit investment trusts





























































 







Search Results from:








Web

News 

Images 

Videos 










 




Ads
 





Searches related to unit investment trusts



unit investment trust pros and cons


top unit investment trusts


list of unit investment trusts


unit investment trust symbols


unit investment trust vs mutual fund


unit trust


open ended investment company


aam unit investment trust
 





Ads


News Results



India Grid Plans Eight-Fold Rise in Transmission Assets by 2022

BloombergQuint, 7/27/2017
India Grid Plans to acquire four more assets from Sterlite Power Grid Ventures.



Why Active Vs. Passive Isn't An Either/Or Choice

Seeking Alpha, 7/24/2017
Over the long term, the saying goes, you can’t beat the market — so why not join it through a passive investment strategy that mirrors exposure to a market benchmark? Apples are surely…



Axis REIT’s net property income increases 1.8% in 2Q, declares 2.17 sen DPU

MSN News, 7/24/2017
KUALA LUMPUR (July 24): Axis Real Estate Investment Trust’s (Axis REIT) net property income grew marginal to RM36.4 million from RM35.8 million...compared with RM41.8 million last year due…




 


News Results



3 Things You Need to Know About the Singapore Stock Market Today

MSN News, 7/27/2017
Here are some of the latest developments in the local stock market.



India Grid Plans Eight-Fold Rise in Transmission Assets by 2022

Bloomberg, 7/26/2017
India Grid Trust, the Asian nation’s first power transmission infrastructure trust, is aiming for an eight-fold increase in assets to 300 billion rupees ($4.7 billion) within five years to…






Shopping Results


Sort




More Shopping ➨



Coupons and Deals


Web Results



Unit Investment Trust (UIT) - Investopedia


www.investopedia.com/terms/u/uit.asp

An investment company that offers a fixed, unmanaged portfolio, generally of stocks and bonds, as redeemable "units" to investors for a specific period of time. It is ...



Unit investment trust - Wikipedia


en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_investment_trust

In U.S. financial law, a unit investment trust (UIT) is an exchange-traded mutual fund offering a fixed (unmanaged) portfolio of securities having a definite life.



SEC.gov | Unit Investment Trusts (UITS)


www.sec.gov/fast-answers/answersuithtm.html

A"unit investment trust," commonly referred to as a "UIT," is one of three basic types of investment company. The other two types are mutual funds and closed-end funds.



Unit Investment Trusts (UIT) | Guggenheim Investments


www.guggenheiminvestments.com/uit

Guggenheim Unit Investment Trusts, or UITs, offer the convenience and diversification of owning a portfolio of securities in a packaged investment.



Why Unit Investment Trusts Can Be A Good Investment ...


www.forbes.com/…ites/advisor/2013/04/22/why-unit...

According to the Investment Company Institute (ICI), data on the market value of unit investment trusts (UITs) issued and outstanding as of year-end 2012 ...



Should I Invest in Unit Investment Trusts ... - The Balance


www.thebalance.com/…-i-invest-in-unit-investment...

How to know if it is a good idea to invest in Unit Investment Trusts, and how to know if it is better to invest in a UIT or a mutual fund.



Unit Investment Trust - Morningstar


www.morningstar.com/…ary/unit_investment_trust.aspx

Unit Investment Trust - Definition for Unit Investment Trust from Morningstar - A structure used by some ETFs.



Invesco - Unit Trusts - Financial Products


www.invesco.com/…rtal/site/us/investors/unit-trusts

Unit Trusts. Unit Trusts provide a simple, convenient way to gain exposure to an asset class, market sector or investment discipline. Like a traditional mutual fund ...



First Trust - www.FTPortfolios.com


www.ftportfolios.com/Retail/dp/home.aspx

First Trust Portfolios L.P. 120 E. Liberty Drive Suite 400 Wheaton, Il 60187 630.765.8000 1.800.621.1675 Contact Us : Unit Investment Trusts. First Trust Portfolios L ...



Unit Investment Trusts | Investing & Retirement | BB&T Bank


www.bbt.com/…nt-options/unit-investment-trusts.page

A Unit Investment Trust (UIT) from BB&T Investment Services, Inc. can provide the advantages of diversification and a regular income stream without the expense of a ...



Unit Investment Trusts - Unit Trusts - Advisors ... - AAM Home


www.aamlive.com/UIT

Unit Investment Trusts (UITs) are sold only by prospectus. Investors should read the prospectus carefully before investing which contains a detailed explanation of ...



The Pros and Cons of Buying Unit Investment Trusts - WSJ


www.wsj.com/…es/the-pros-and-cons-of-buying-unit...

What are UITs and what are the pluses and minuses? Unit investment trusts, or UITs, are a kind of investment fund that’s a cross between an actively managed fund ...



Unit Investment Trust | Definition of Unit Investment ...


www.merriam-webster.com/…/unit%20investment%20trust

Define unit investment trust: an investment company that buys a fixed portfolio of securities and holds them for a specified period of time after…





Ads
 




1

2


3


4


5


Next


 













 







Search Results from:










© 2017 Infospace Holdings LLC
About
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Contact Us



























