



Company - nVoq's Main Product is SayIt






















































P: 1.720.562.4500 • 1.866.383.4500
|
Company|
News|
Legal|
Contact Us|





 





SayIt from nVoq




Navigation



Automate Workflow

SayIt in Healthcare
SayIt for Customer Care
SayIt for Other Industries


Healthcare

Healthcare Speech Recognition Solutions
Veterinary Speech Recognition Solutions
SayIt Speech Recognition Blog
Events


Customer Care

Enterprise
BPOs


Developer

Jobs


Partners
Support
 Search






  Company






About Us
nVoq Inc. is a privately held software company based in Boulder, Colorado. nVoq’s main product is SayIt, a speech recognition solution designed to improve workflow. nVoq was founded in 2000 by veteran technology entrepreneur Charles Corfield.
For more information about nVoq or SayIt, please contact us.
nVoq LeadershipnVoq Executive Team
The nVoq leadership team is headed by Charles Corfield, who started the company in 2000 to harness the power of speech to improve workflow. This group of seasoned executives is passionate about improving both patient care and customer service through more complete, accurate documentation.
Connector.Charles CorfieldPresident & CEO   BIOConnector.Conrad McCartyCFO   BIOConnector.Deborah GillottiChief Marketing Officer and GM Healthcare   BIOConnector.Matt TillmanVP Business Development BIOConnector.Dan MorleyVP of Sales & GM Customer Care BIOConnector.Jon FordVP Engineering BIOnVoq Healthcare Industry Advisors
nVoq’s Healthcare Industry Advisors represent a variety of skills, perspectives and practical experience within healthcare and healthcare IT.
Connector.John DorskyMD FACS CPHIMS CHTS-CP
Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine of Case Western Reserve University BIOConnector.Jeffrey C. Gersbach, MDEmergency Physician BIOConnector.Thomas Lang MD, ABIM, BCEM,Emergency Physician BIOConnector.Richard Snow, D.O., MPHSystem Vice President, Clinical Effectiveness
Ohio Health BIOConnector.Robert C. Stillman, MA, RN, CPHIMSDirector of Clinical Informatics at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Center.  BIOConnector.Ashley R Cupp MS, NP-CMaster’s of Science in Nursing focused on the adult-geriatric populations. BIOnVoq Board of Directors



The nVoq Board of Directors is comprised of a group of seasoned and talented technology executives with practical industry experience across a wide range of organizations. They provide subject matter expertise that has helped shape the strategic direction and long-term vision of the company.



Connector.Steven Flannery BIOConnector.Hal Julsen BIOConnector.Larry Schwartz BIOConnector.Steve Tran BIO













Type and Press “enter” to Search





 







nVoq Inc. Competitors and Products in the Healthcare IT Marketplace   Healthcare IT MarketplacenVoq Inc.nVoq Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 02580 55th Street, Suite 210Boulder, CO 80301Competitors of nVoq Inc.PHYND Technologies write a reviewSafran MorphoTrakMorpho is the most trusted provider of biometrics for Access Control and Time & Attendance with unrivalled performance in more industries and tougher environments than any other reader. Morpho Biometric technology, rated #1 by NIST, manages more than 3 billion fingerprints worldwide and performs... 13 products write a reviewCapgemini Financial ServicesServing over 70% of the world’s largest insurance companies, Capgemini’s Insurance business unit helps property and casualty, life and annuities, and health insurers meet industry disruptions head on with innovative business and IT solutions and market insights which create tangible value. With... write a review×Rate and Review nVoq Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of nVoq Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of nVoq Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review PHYND Technologies     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of PHYND Technologies. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of PHYND Technologies.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Safran MorphoTrak     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Safran MorphoTrak. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Safran MorphoTrak.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Capgemini Financial Services     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Capgemini Financial Services. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Capgemini Financial Services.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Healthcare IT Marketplace. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Healthcare IT Marketplace. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address



About newsroom - SayIt from nVoq






















































P: 1.720.562.4500 • 1.866.383.4500
|
Company|
News|
Legal|
Contact Us|





 





SayIt from nVoq




Navigation



Automate Workflow

SayIt in Healthcare
SayIt for Customer Care
SayIt for Other Industries


Healthcare

Healthcare Speech Recognition Solutions
Veterinary Speech Recognition Solutions
SayIt Speech Recognition Blog
Events


Customer Care

Enterprise
BPOs


Developer

Jobs


Partners
Support
 Search






  About newsroom






SayIt Cloud-Based Speech Recognition from nVoq
Now Available in Canada – Hosted by Microsoft Azure!
BOULDER, CO – August 24, 2016 – nVoq, Incorporated, a Boulder, CO-based provider of cloud-based speech recognition and workflow productivity tools, is pleased to announce general availability of its SayIt solutions platform in Canada.  
As a true cloud solution, SayIt has been gaining market share in the United States since 2011 within the healthcare and customer care industries. SayIt will now be hosted in Microsoft Azure’s Canada Central data centre in Ontario, supporting growing demand north of the US border.
“For some time, we’ve been interested in expanding our channel sales partner network in Canada”, said Debbi Gillotti, VP/GM of nVoq’s Healthcare business unit.  “With Microsoft Azure, we feel confident we can offer our reseller partners, and ultimately their customers, a reliable, economical and effective alternative to other speech recognition products.”
“We’re excited to have nVoq’s SayIt as part of our Healthcare solutions portfolio in Canada,” said Peter Jones, Healthcare Industry Lead for Microsoft Canada.   “The nVoq team is very committed to growing their business through channel partners and we look forward to supporting their efforts.”
SayIt provides clinicians and their staff with speaker-independent, cloud-based support of dictation, powerful voice-automated command and control, and even “voiceless shortcuts” that help make clinical workflow easier, all without the burden of a mandatory long-term contract.  No desktop software installation is required.  Additional benefits available without upcharge include a wireless-microphone option for the iPhone and a powerful centralized Administrative Console.   
“We believe the value delivered in the SayIt cloud-based platform is second to none”, said Ms. Gillotti.  “Combined with the power and performance of the Microsoft Azure hosting environment, we can truly make a difference in provider efficiency, and ultimately, the patient experience. “
For more information about nVoq and SayIt, contact:
Debbi Gillotti, VP/GM Healthcare
206-465-1765
deborah.gillotti@nvoq.com
About nVoq:
nVoq Inc. is a privately held software company based in Boulder, Colorado. nVoq’s main product is SayIt, a speech recognition solution designed to improve workflow. nVoq was founded in 2000 by veteran technology entrepreneur Charles Corfield.
NewsroomnVoq and National Billing Center Give the Best of Both Worlds to Providers with “Transcription Assist”Boulder, CO – June 9, 2015 – nVoq, a Boulder, CO supplier of cloud-based speech recognition solutions for the healthcare industry, and National Billing Center, a Pittsburgh-based services organization, are teaming to deliver a value-added service to providers who want to dictate their notes but need additional support to finalize them in the Electronic Medical Record (EMR).
With the optional SayIt “Transcription Assist” service, providers can dictate their notes using a recorder, an iOS or Android phone, or a hand-held microphone. Using a simple voice command, these notes can then be routed automatically to an experienced U.S.-based medical transcription company for editing and if desired, final posting back to the EMR.  
“The Transcription Assist service is a great option for organizations that want providers to move away from traditional dictation processing,” said Armen Geronian, founder and chief executive of National Billing Center. “Providers who have used transcription support in the past often have a hard time adjusting to EMR data entry requirements. With this service, they can still use their voice to dictate notes, but now have support to finalize them within the EMR.”
“We believe SayIt Transcription Assist is a useful, cost-effective way to bridge the gap between traditional transcription and the EMR,” said Charles Corfield, founder and CEO of nVoq. “At the end of the day, it’s all about making workflow easier for the providers so they can concentrate on patient care–not making edits at the keyboard.”
Transcription Assist is now in early deployment with general availability this month. It will be available as a value-add service through SayIt resellers and through National Billing Center.  
 NationalBillingCenterPressRelease.pdf — June 9, 2015
nVoq Shows the Value of SayIt Speech Recognition with the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Tablet at the HIMSS Annual ConferenceBoulder, CO – May 19, 2015 – At last month’s HIMSS Annual Conference in Chicago, IL, nVoq collaborated with Microsoft Corp. to demonstrate use of its SayIt cloud-based speech recognition solution on the Microsoft Surface Pro 3 tablet. Attendees got to see how SayIt extends the value of the Surface Pro 3 by adding speech as a method by which healthcare providers can document patient encounters at the point of care.
The Surface Pro 3 is well suited for healthcare because it provides the processing power and productivity of a full Windows laptop combined with the portability of a tablet. Clinicians can use it on-the-go to take notes in a variety of modalities: by typing on an external keyboard, writing on the tablet using a stylus, and now—with SayIt—simply by speaking. 
“SayIt adds another option for busy providers who desperately need ways to improve productivity and stay focused on patient care,” says Clifford Goldsmith, Managing Director for the U.S. Provider Industry, Microsoft. “As a physician, I know first-hand the importance of mobile tools that allow physicians to take rich, detailed notes at the bedside. SayIt makes it easy through fast speech-to-text conversion.”
Chad Hiner, Director of Healthcare Industry Solutions at nVoq explains: “Not only is this a way to take notes on the go, but we’re seeing a variety of healthcare applications designed specifically for use on the Surface Pro tablet. Many of these apps support clinical workflow, and SayIt, as a separate piece of overlay software that runs on the cloud, makes it simple to navigate to different apps and document patient histories, assessments, plans, and notes.”
Chad continues, “Further, Microsoft OneNote is ideally suited to support clinical workflow documentation that happens outside of the EMR, such as change-of-shift handoff reports, checklists and note-taking. Users can share notes across their organization and search for keywords, making OneNote a powerful tool for Quality Improvement (QI) teams as well as managers responsible for tracking quality and patient safety initiatives.”
About SayIt
SayIt is a cloud-based speech recognition solution that converts spoken words into text within seconds. It can be used for free-form dictation, front-end transcription and for navigating EMRs using voice commands or shortcuts. SayIt supports 35+ medical specialties and works with virtually any EMR (PC and Mac-based).
SayIt enables healthcare providers to:
•  Work more quickly and effectively in the EMR
•  Spend less time on clinical documentation, more time with patients
•  Take more detailed notes for clearer assessments
•  Document care in their own words for improved patient outcomes
•  Simplify clinical workflow for time and cost savings
About nVoq Incorporated
nVoq Incorporated provides true cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare, customer care and other industries. nVoq’s SayIt solution supports both traditional narrative dictation and voice-enabled workflow automations.  SayIt is available as a real time, subscription-based client application, and in SDK form for application developers wishing to voice-enable their platforms.
Headquartered in Boulder, CO, nVoq was founded in 2000 by CEO Charles Corfield, a successful entrepreneur and investor. For more information, visit https://sayit.nvoq.com.
MS Surface Pro 3 Press Release.pdf — May 19, 2015
nVoq Partners with SyTrue on New Clinical Workflow Documentation Service for Real-Time Conversion of Physician Narratives into Categorized DataBoulder, CO – May 12, 2015 – nVoq, a provider of cloud-based speech recognition workflow optimization solutions for the healthcare industry, today announced general availability for the company’s SayIt “Code Fast” service, available in collaboration with SyTrue. The Code Fast service provides real-time, point-of-care conversion of spoken narratives into structured data categorized with relevant ICD-9, ICD-10, SNOMED, LOINC, or other standards, using SyTrue’s Smart Data platform.
With the SayIt Code Fast service, providers can dictate narratives, and then apply one simple voice command to convert unstructured narrative data to structured, categorized text within seconds, applying their choice of coding standards such as ICD-9 or ICD-10. The structured, coded text is returned directly to the system of record for review and finalization. This unique integration of two cloud-based services saves hours of manual data entry and reconciliation effort, allowing more time for patient care and creating more accurate, complete clinical documentation.  
“Like everything we do at nVoq, this solution is about improving productivity and workflow,” said Charles Corfield, Chief Executive Officer of nVoq. “The SayIt Code Fast service helps capture vital, clinical information directly at the point of care, minimizing the effort required downstream to produce properly coded documentation. This is a real benefit for provider organizations facing the challenges of ICD-10 adoption.”  
“We believe voice as a data entry option provides maximum flexibility for our provider customers,” said Kyle Silvestro, Founder and Chief Executive Officer at SyTrue. “Using SayIt instead of keyboarding improves workflow efficiency, and also drives higher quality of care by unlocking information that was previously locked in unstructured formats. The SayIt solution is ideal for organizations that want to capture smart data, in real time, for their providers, support staff and patients.”
About nVoq Incorporated
nVoq Incorporated provides true cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare, customer care and other industries. nVoq’s SayIt solution supports both traditional narrative dictation and voice-enabled workflow automations.  SayIt is available as a real time, subscription-based client application, and in SDK form for application developers wishing to voice-enable their platforms.
Headquartered in Boulder, CO, nVoq was founded in 2000 by CEO Charles Corfield, a successful entrepreneur and investor. For more information, visit https://sayit.nvoq.com.
About SyTrue
SyTrue’s proprietary technologies decipher medical data, unlock its value, and convert it into usable information in real-time.  SyTrue’s solutions provide analytics and intelligence for enhancing patient care, optimizing health outcomes and improving services. SyTrue empowers healthcare information technology providers to use its Smart Data Platform for rapidly building, deploying, and scaling innovative solutions alongside their own applications—without complex integration. Learn more at www.sytrue.com.
Code Fast Service Press Release.pdf — May 7, 2015
Turn Your iOS Device into Wireless Microphone for Cord-Free EMR Control and Mobile Dictation!Boulder, CO – April 9, 2015 – nVoq, a provider of cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare, is committed to helping providers improve productivity and the quality of patient care. With the SayIt Wireless Microphone application, users can now leverage the time-savings benefits of speech recognition using their iOS device as a wireless microphone. It enables providers to work directly in their electronic medical record (EMR) system with SayIt or dictate on the go.
“The SayIt Wireless Microphone application makes SayIt more accessible to doctors, nurses and other healthcare providers, because it allows them to use a device they may already have,” says Deborah Gillotti, nVoq’s Vice President of Marketing and General Manager, Healthcare. “They can use their iPhone as a recorder during rounds or in transit, and remain cord-free. Many of our customers choose to use the iPhone as their regular mic instead of buying expensive headsets or microphones.”
“We’ve been very impressed with the performance of the iPhone as a high-quality, noise-canceling microphone,” says David Mondragon, Mobility Product Manager for nVoq. “Expanding wireless microphone functionality is a key priority in our SayIt product roadmap.”
WirelessMicrophoneAppPressRelease_040615.pdf — April 13, 2015
nVoq Extends the Breadth and Depth of its Healthcare Industry Expertise with Three New Healthcare Industry AdvisorsBoulder, CO – February 3, 2015 – nVoq, a provider of cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare, is pleased to announce the appointment of three physicians to its team of Healthcare Industry Advisors. The Advisors represent a variety of skills, perspectives and practical experience within healthcare and healthcare IT, helping ensure that nVoq is tackling the most pressing issues facing doctors, nurses, physicians’ assistants, nurse practitioners, physical therapists and case managers. 
“These are the experts we depend on to help us understand the challenges that healthcare providers face in their day-to-day jobs, whether it’s effectively and accurately documenting patient care or struggling to work in their EMRs,” says Deborah Gillotti, nVoq’s Vice President of Marketing and General Manager, Healthcare. “We are so pleased to welcome these three new physicians, who will round out the extensive background of our Advisor team and help influence the direction of our healthcare solutions.” 
Visit https://sayit.nvoq.com/company/ to see the full list of nVoq Healthcare Industry Advisors. 
New Healthcare Industry Advisors Press Release.pdf — February 10, 2015
SyTrue and nVoq Partner To Boost Workflow Speed for Providers and Voice-Enable Clinical Intelligence Through the Cloud
Partnership Offers Seamless, Accurate Conversion of Spoken Comments Into Actionable Smart Data Within Seconds
CHICO, Calif. December 9, 2014 SyTrue, Inc., a healthcare smart data platform services provider and developer of technologies for translating unstructured medical data into accurate clinical information, announced today a joint marketing agreement with Boulder, CO-based nVoq Inc., a provider of cloud-based speech recognition solutions designed to optimize clinical workflow.
SayIt™ and SyTrue™ work seamlessly and in harmony with any user’s system of record, eliminating the burden of complicated integration steps. As healthcare goes digital, the American Medical Association and providers across the US have targeted the slow pace of EMRs and their information capture, which slow down workflow. In response, this allows many clinical documentation providers — EMR, radiology, laboratory information systems and more — to use the innovative combination of nVoq’s SayIt™ and SyTrue’s Smart Data Platform to speed up practice workflow. Using SayIt, providers capture their clinical documentation with voice (versus keyboarding) at the point of care. This automatically generates – in seconds — structured, actionable “smart data” using the SyTrue platform. The platform enables providers to meet their clinical documentation requirements without losing time to inflexible, template-driven order entry systems by delivering fully coded CDA Level 3 documents back to host systems for reconciliation. This saves clinicians hours of needless manual data entry.
“With SayIt as a new data entry option in SyTrue’s SmartData Labs, there’s a key benefit to our partners and their many providers,” said Kyle Silvestro, Founder and Chief Executive Officer at SyTrue. “Swapping speech for keyboarding improves efficiency and drives a high quality input into our clinical Natural Language Processing (NLP), so it speeds workflow. With our two cloud platforms, providers have new options: first, working where they choose, and benefiting from a seamlessly-available Clinical Documentation and e-Abstraction Platform that enables instant data capture and interoperability. No keyboard or mouse clicks needed. Providers tell us they save hours every day over older EMR, key-based data entry. So we’re confident that we’re offering a speedier, smarter and affordable alternative unmatched in the industry.”
“We are very pleased to team with SyTrue in this offering,” said Charles Corfield, Founder and Chief Executive Officer at nVoq. “Our companies share a common desire to make clinical workflow easier without unnecessary bells and whistles which translate into unnecessary expense for the customer. We both welcome the opportunity to enhance outcomes for clinicians by incorporating our core competencies with other leading platforms.”
About SyTrue, Inc.
SyTrue’s proprietary technologies decipher medical data, unlock its value and convert it into usable information in real-time. Its solutions provide analytics and intelligence for enhancing patient care, optimizing health outcomes and improving services. SyTrue’s platform also empowers healthcare information technology providers to use its Smart Data Platform for rapidly building, deploying and scaling innovative solutions alongside their own applications – without complex integration. For more, see our site, www.sytrue.com ; more news at www.sytrue.com/press. For release details, contact: Lee Dudka, M: 571-228-5933 – ldudka@sytrue.com .. You can also reach the Company through its social channels: Twitter: @sytrueinc and @clinicalnlp; LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sytrue; Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Sytrue.inc and Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Sytrue/posts.
About nVoq Incorporated
nVoq Incorporated provides true cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare, customer care and other industries. nVoq’s SayIt solution supports both traditional narrative dictation and voice-enabled workflow automations. SayIt is available as a real time, subscription based client application, and in SDK form for application developers wishing to voice-enable their platforms.
nVoq is headquartered in Boulder, CO. The company was founded in 2000 by CEO Charles Corfield, a successful entrepreneur and investor. For more information, visit https://sayit.nvoq.com or visit us through various social channels: Twitter: @nVoq,  LinkedIn  More news at www.sytrue.com/press.
For more information, contact or visit:
SyTrue: Lee Dudka ldudka@sytrue.com … (571) 228-5933 (mobile) SyTrue, Inc
nVoq Inc.: Debbi Gillotti deborah.gillotti@nvoq.com (206) 465-1765 (mobile) https:/sayit.nvoq.com/healthcare
— December 8, 2014
nVoq announces Zephyr-TEC as a new Value Added Reseller for its SayIt solution

Zephyr-TEC will promote and sell SayIt’s cloud-based speech recognition workflow solution in the United States
Boulder, CO, April 16, 2014 – nVoq, the developers of SayIt, a cloud-based speech recognition workflow solution, announced today they have signed a Reseller agreement with Zephyr-TEC, an industry leader in the deployment of speech recognition solutions headquartered in Rancho Cucamonga, CA. This agreement lets Zephyr-TEC provide its current and future clients with a highly cost-effective, portable and powerful cloud-based speech solution endorsed by the American Hospital Association.
As a Value Added Reseller on the cutting edge of speech technology, Zephyr-TEC believes that cloud-based speech recognition is the next frontier of innovation in clinical documentation; SayIt will allow them to extend this innovation to small, medium, and large healthcare enterprises alike. SayIt’s centralized administration also allows Zephyr-TEC to provide superior customer support.
“Zephyr-TEC’s experience in the healthcare market and its deep understanding of provider workflow enables them to deliver a complete speech recognition solution that goes well beyond traditional dictation” said Charles Corfield, CEO of nVoq. “With SayIt, clinicians can spend more time practicing medicine, and less time at the keyboard.  Zephyr-TEC is uniquely positioned to simplify EMR navigation and data entry for their customers, helping them achieve Meaningful Use.”
“SayIt is a smart technology investment for any organization. SayIt will reduce overall costs and increase efficiency associated with clinical documentation,” said Renee Griffith, CEO and Founder of Zephyr-TEC“. We believe our customers, and the healthcare vertical, are waiting for an intelligent, cost effective and highly mobile solution like SayIt. By adding SayIt to our already strong arsenal of digital document creation solutions, our clients now have a real choice of speech rec solutions depending on budget, features and needs.”

About Zephyr-TEC
Zephyr-TEC is a global leader in speech recognition and digital workflow software implementation, training and support. Originally founded in 1993, the Zephyr-TEC team includes expert trainers, programmers, coordinators, administrators and executives. Along with being an nVoq Partner, Zephyr-TEC is also a Nuance Premier Dragon Medical Partner, a certified Gold Winscribe partner and a Philips certified SpeechExec Enterprise Elite partner. For more information please visit http://www.Zephyr-TEC.com or call  877-493-7497.
About nVoq
nVoq Inc. is a privately held software company based in Boulder, Colorado. nVoq’s main product is SayIt, a cloud-based speech recognition solution designed to improve workflow. nVoq was founded in 2000 by veteran technology entrepreneur Charles Corfield. SayIt™ is a hosted service built on the Microsoft® Speech Application Programming Interface (SAPI). SayIt is used across the U.S. by a variety of customers including major communications companies and healthcare organizations. For more information about nVoq or SayIt, please visit https://sayit.nvoq.com or call 1-866-383-4500.
— June 3, 2014
nVoq receives “Technovation” award at PACE 2014 Convention & Expo for Customer Engagement
BOULDER, CO April 10, 2014 nVoq Incorporated, a provider of cloud-based speech recognition software, is pleased to announce it is the recipient of the 2014 Technovation Award, awarded by the Professional Association for Customer Engagement (PACE) at their recent Convention in Expo in Hollywood, Florida. The Technovation Award is issued annually by PACE to an organization who demonstrates superior innovation and leadership in customer engagement through technology innovation.
“We are very honored to receive this prestigious award from PACE,” said Charles Corfield, Chief Executive Officer of nVoq. “Anything we can do to make the agent’s daily workflow easier should translate into more efficient, effective customer interactions.”
“nVoq’s voice-enabled workflow automations save valuable time for the contact center agent and improve the overall customer experience,” said Dan Morley, Customer Care Vice President at nVoq. “Agents can focus on the needs of their customers, rather than navigating the many systems they must use to resolve customer questions”.
For more information about SayIt in Customer Care please visit https://sayit.nvoq.com/customercare.
About nVoq Incorporated
nVoq Inc. is a privately held software company based in Boulder, Colorado. nVoq’s main product is SayIt, a cloud-based speech recognition solution designed to improve workflow. nVoq was founded in 2000 by veteran technology entrepreneur Charles Corfield. SayIt™ is a hosted service built on the Microsoft® Speech Application Programming Interface (SAPI). SayIt is used across the U.S. by a variety of customers including major communications companies and healthcare organizations.
Website: https://sayit.nvoq.com  or call 866-383-4500.
About PACE
The Professional Association for Customer Engagement (PACE) is the only non-profit trade organization dedicated exclusively to the advancement of companies that use a multi-channel approach to engaging their customers. These channels not only include primary contact centers, but digital channels like mobile, social media and the web.
Media Contact: Chris Haerich, Phone: 317.816.9336 ext. 2795, Email: chris.haerich@paceassociation.com, Website: http://www.paceassociation.com
— April 10, 2014
SayIt a Solid Alternate to Nuance DNS Medical for Real-time Speech Recognition
nVoq’s SayIt for Healthcare is a great real-time, web-based alternative to Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking (Medical version). Each SayIt subscription includes a medical specialty (over 35 different topics to choose from) and can be downloaded and accessed in seconds. The SayIt solution is very affordably priced at $400 per subscriber per year. Providers are finding that the cost of outfitting with SayIt can be 3 to 4 times less than DNS Medical, especially since there’s no need to install software on the desktop. And, for what providers spend on DNS annual maintenance, they can renew their SayIt subscription.














Type and Press “enter” to Search





 









nVoq Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 4:12 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of nVoq Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
nVoq Inc., a software company, develops cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare and customer care applications. The company offers SayIt, a cloud-based speech recognition workflow solution that allows contact center agents and managers to improve workflow. It serves communications companies, customer care organizations, healthcare organizations, personal injury/workers comp companies, and law enforcement companies in North America. The company offers its products through direct sales teams and resellers. nVoq Inc. was formerly known as SandCherry, Inc. and changed its name to nVoq Inc. in December 2009. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado...
nVoq Inc., a software company, develops cloud-based speech recognition solutions for healthcare and customer care applications. The company offers SayIt, a cloud-based speech recognition workflow solution that allows contact center agents and managers to improve workflow. It serves communications companies, customer care organizations, healthcare organizations, personal injury/workers comp companies, and law enforcement companies in North America. The company offers its products through direct sales teams and resellers. nVoq Inc. was formerly known as SandCherry, Inc. and changed its name to nVoq Inc. in December 2009. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado.
Detailed Description


2580 55th StreetSuite 210Boulder, CO 80301United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 720-562-4500

Fax: 720-562-4501

www.nvoq.com







Key Executives for nVoq Inc.




Mr. Charles N. Corfield


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer and President 
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Conrad McCarty CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Dan Morley


      	Vice President of Sales and General Manager of Customer Care
      








Ms. Deborah J. Gillotti


      	Vice President of Marketing and General Manager of Healthcare
      








Mr. Brian Marquette


      	Chief Technology Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact nVoq Inc., please visit www.nvoq.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























nVoq Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























nvoq inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Technology Services
Sub-Industry: IT Services
Nvoq Incorporated was founded in 2000. The company's line of business includes providing computer programming services.




Corporate Information
Address:

2580 55th St Ste 200
Boulder, CO 80301
United States


Phone:
1-720-562-4500


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data











































nVoq Inc. | AMIA















Skip to main content

announcement










Annual Symposium
JAMIA
Knowledge Center
Working Groups
RSS Feeds



 






Search form

Search 





 

 
 






 






Member Login


Email Address *



Password *




Join NowRenew MembershipForgot Password 




Member Login/Join AMIA


 
 







About AMIAWhy Informatics?
Mission and History
2015-2020 Strategic Plan
Bylaws and Policies
Ethics
AMIA Leadership
Messages from AMIA
Faces of AMIA
AMIA Staff
Careers at AMIA
Contact Us

MembershipAMIA Connect
Academic Forum
ACMI Fellowship
AMIA Career Center
Corporate Membership
Discount Publications
Faces of AMIA
Membership Benefits
Membership Type
Membership FAQs
Member Loyalty Program
Mentorship Program
Women in AMIA Initiative
Working Groups

News & PublicationsACI Journal
AMIA Knowledge Center
AMIA e-News
AMIA & JAMIA in the News
Discount Publications
JAMIA
News Releases
Symposium News
Industry Headlines
Washington Download

ProgramsAdvanced Health Informatics Certification
Alliance for Nursing Informatics
AMIA Awards
Global Programs (GHIP)
Health Informatics Accreditation
Women in AMIA Initiative
Working Groups

Education10x10 Courses
AMIA Knowledge Center
Clinical Informatics Board Review Course
Continuing Education Credit
Health Informatics Accreditation
JAMIA Journal Club
Poster Presentation Guidelines
Programs & Courses
Reviewer Guidelines
Webinars
Your Path to Success

Meetings & EventsUpcoming Meetings & Events
ACMI Winter Symposium
AMIA 2017
iHealth 2017 Clinical Informatics Conference
InSpire 2017: Developing the Health Informatics Workforce of the Future Conference
AMIA 2018 Informatics Summit
Meeting Archive

Public PolicyAMIA Public Comments
Policy Priorities
Policy Events
Policy News
Public Policy Committee
AMIA Washington Download

Career CenterFind a Job
Find a Resume
Post a Job
Post a Resume
Mentorship Program




 








What's Hot:

2017 CIBRC Learning Program
AMIA 2018 Informatics Summit
AMIA 2017
2017 10x10 Courses
Why Informatics?
 

 
 













 


AMIA Corporate Partners 
SayIt by nVoq 
SayIt™ from nVoq is an innovative, web-based speech recognition solution designed to improve workflow for health care professionals. SayIt is easy to use, easy to deploy, and priced affordably for the entire caregiver team.  
 
  


 




Home 




Print
Share
 

 
 






Main menu


About AMIA
Membership
News & Publications
Programs
Education
Meetings & Events
Public Policy
Career Center





Informatics Core

The Science of Informatics
 



Informatics Areas

Translational Bioinformatics
Clinical Research Informatics
Clinical Informatics
Consumer Health Informatics
Public Health Informatics
 

 



nVoq Inc.






Company Overview
HQ Location:	2580 55th Street, Suite 200 	Boulder, CO 80301
Specialties:	SayIt provides a simple, affordable way to capture important health care information using speech instead of keystrokes. Unlike other offerings, SayIt can be accessed over the Internet from multiple locations and devices, with no software to install or upgrade.
SayIt supports a wealth of use cases within the health care community, from inpatient to ambulatory environments. Using SayIt with an EMR, clinicians and staff can significantly reduce both data entry time and the potential for error. Case managers can quickly process care plans and referrals. Nurses can capture patient  observations while on the floor and share shift handoff notes with incoming staff.
SayIt’s mobile solutions, such as the Clinical Notepad for the iPad ™ and other tablets, enable caregivers on the go to use their voices to document patient visits.  SayIt has received the exclusive endorsement of the American Hospital Association. It is offered as a low-cost subscription service and designed for broad adoption within the health care community. Talk to us today about how SayIt can benefit your organization.
Product Lines:	SayIt™
Website: www.nvoq.com
Twitter,  Facebook, LinkedIn

Expert Profiles
Debbi Gillotti,     VP of Marketing and GM Health Care
Specialties:   HIT including EMR and HIE, all phases of SDLC, Channel Leadership, Marketing Strategy and Communications
Interests:     Deborah (Debbi) Gillotti has held senior global leadership positions in sales and marketing for the past decade at companies including Microsoft, Quest Diagnostics/MedPlus, and Healthphone Solutions. She has received national recognition for her leadership in the technology field including "America's Best Technology Users" from Forbes magazine, CIO and Computerworld Top 100 IT executives, and has been a contributor to Harvard Business Review and other publications.
Contact Info: deborah.gillotti@nvoq.com, LinkedIn
 
Matt Tillman,      VP Business Development
Interests:     Matt Tillman is a former Accenture partner, with deep expertise in work center and call center process, operations and technology improvement. He has an extensive background working with Fortune 100 clients and partners in the design, development and implementation of innovative speech technologies for call center agents.
Contact Info: matt.tillman@nvoq.com, LinkedIn
 
Derek Plansky, Senior Director, Industry Sales
Interests:     Derek Plansky has extensive experience in ASP and SaaS technologies and business models. Most recently, he was the Director of Solutions Architecture at MedPlus, a Quest Diagnostics Company, where he was responsible for all customer-facing Interoperability solutions including the Health Information Exchange (HIE) offering and connectivity solutions for Care360 EHR.
Contact Info:     derek.plansky@nvoq.com, LinkedIn


Literature
Publications
Talking About SayIt – The nVoq Blog: www.nvoq.com/blogs
SayIt in Health Care: www.nvoq.com/sites/default/files/marketing/SayIt_Health_Care_2012_AHA.pdf
SayIt: Not Just for Doctors: www.nvoq.com/sites/default/files/marketing/SayItHealthCare_AHA_NursingSl...
nVoq and SayIt FAQ: www.nvoq.com/support/faq

 






 




Have Questions?

Need Help?
Contact Us
About AMIA


 
 

  



 JAMIA Access
If you are a member with a JAMIA Subscription, go to

If you do not receive JAMIA through an AMIA membership, go to

If you like to join AMIA







        To access all AMIA benefits such as JAMIA, discount meeting fees,
        upgrade your membership to Regular.
        

        Please contact Member services at (301) 657-1291 or mail@amia.org for upgrade.










 



What does nvoq mean?

























Login
The STANDS4 Network☰

ABBREVIATIONS
ANAGRAMS
BIOGRAPHIES
CONVERSIONS
DEFINITIONS
GRAMMAR
LYRICS
PHRASES
POETRY
QUOTES
REFERENCES
RHYMES
SCRIPTS
SYMBOLS
SYNONYMS
USZIP

 








Search


Term » Definition
Word in Definition
Translations


#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ NEWRANDOM
 







Search


Term
Word in Definition
Translations


#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ NEWRANDOM
 









    

 Vocabulary


What does nvoq mean?
Definitions for nvoq
Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word nvoq.

















CrunchBase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:nVoqnVoq Inc. is a privately held software company based in Boulder, Colorado. nVoq's main product is SayIt, a speech-to-text solution designed to improve workflow. nVoq was founded in 2000 by veteran technology entrepreneur Charles Corfield.SayIt™ is a hosted service built on the MicrosoftÂ® Speech Application Programming Interface (SAPI). SayIt is used across the U.S. by a variety of customers including major communications companies and health care organizations.NumerologyChaldean NumerologyThe numerical value of nvoq in Chaldean Numerology is: 1Pythagorean NumerologyThe numerical value of nvoq in Pythagorean Numerology is: 5Images & Illustrations of nvoq 


Translation
Find a translation for the nvoq definition in other languages:


Select another language: - Select -简体中文 (Chinese - Simplified)繁體中文 (Chinese - Traditional)Español (Spanish)日本語 (Japanese)Português (Portuguese)Deutsch (German)العربية (Arabic)Français (French)Русский (Russian)한국어 (Korean)עברית (Hebrew)Український (Ukrainian)اردو (Urdu)Magyar (Hungarian)मानक हिन्दी (Hindi)Indonesia (Indonesian)Italiano (Italian)தமிழ் (Tamil)Türkçe (Turkish)తెలుగు (Telugu)ภาษาไทย (Thai)Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)Čeština (Czech)Polski (Polish)Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)Românește (Romanian)Nederlands (Dutch)Ελληνικά (Greek)Latinum (Latin)Svenska (Swedish)Dansk (Danish)Suomi (Finnish)فارسی (Persian)ייִדיש (Yiddish)Norsk (Norwegian)



Discuss these nvoq definitions with the community:




Word of the Day
Would you like us to send you a FREE new word definition delivered to your inbox daily?




									Please enter your email address:  
									  
									Subscribe







Citation
Use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography:


Style:MLAChicagoAPA
"nvoq." Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2017. Web. 22 Jul 2017. <http://www.definitions.net/definition/nvoq>.







Are we missing a good definition for nvoq? Don't keep it to yourself...



Submit Definition











The Web's Largest Resource for
Definitions & Translations
 A Member Of The STANDS4 Network







 















Nearby & related entries:
nvestnvidianvision medicalnvoccnvoicepaynvr, inc.nvrmnwnwaynwbn 

Alternative searches for nvoq:
Search for Synonyms for nvoqSearch for Anagrams for nvoqQuotes containing the term nvoqSearch for Phrases containing the term nvoqSearch for Poems containing the term nvoqSearch for Scripts containing the term nvoqSearch for Abbreviations containing the term nvoqWhat rhymes with nvoq?Search for Song lyrics containing the word nvoqSearch for nvoq on AmazonSearch for nvoq on Google 



Thanks for your vote! We truly appreciate your support.



























Charles Corfield | nVoq Inc | Email CEO @nvoq.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    nVoq Inc





nvoq.com





2580 55th Street                 
                 
Boulder, CO 80301
Phone: 720-562-4500
Fax: 720-562-4501










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                    Services->Technology Consulting/Services->Software Consulting                
SIC Code:  
                     7371  - Custom Computer Programming Services
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
CMS
eCommerce
OS
Other










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






New Relic
Offers a performance management solution enabling developers to diagnose and fix application performance problems in real time.






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Charles Corfield                                    

Title: President & CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Conrad Mccarty                                    

Title: CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Deborah Gillotti                                    

Title: CMO








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Matt Tillman                                    

Title: VP Business Development








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Dan Morley                                    

Title: VP Sales/GM Customer Care








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Jon Ford                                    

Title: Vice President Engineering







                         No Email Avail                            
Other

export








Showing 1 to 
                6                                

                                    of 18 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
This member of the Software consulting industry is located in Boulder, CO and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains nVoq Inc email addresses which have a domain of @nvoq.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nvoq.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Charles Corfield
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Charles Corfield?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also nVoq Inc email addresses within the @nvoq.com profile so Charles Corfield's email could be included.  Charles Corfield is part of the nVoq Inc which has its main offices in Boulder, CO.  Currently holds the post of President & CEO.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Software consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Charles Corfield are CCorfield@nvoq.com, Charles.Corfield@nvoq.com, Charles@nvoq.com, and Charles_Corfield@nvoq.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nvoq.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Junction Solutions
This member of the Software consulting industry is located in Denver, CO and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains Junction Solutions email addresses which have a domain of @junctionsolutions.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@junctionsolutions.com addresses.
Madison Technology Group
Looking for company data regarding Madison Technology Group's CEO or CFO? Madison Technology Group is part of the Software consulting field and are located in the area of Denver, CO. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include Madison Technology Group email addresses marked by the domain format @madisontg.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@madisontg.com addresses.
Global Healthcare Exchange
Looking for company data regarding Global Healthcare Exchange's CEO or CFO? Global Healthcare Exchange is part of the Software consulting field and are located in the area of Louisville, CO. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include Global Healthcare Exchange email addresses marked by the domain format @ghx.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ghx.com addresses.




Company Directory > nVoq Inc
























Nvoq Inc in Boulder, CO 80301 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Colorado
» Boulder
» Internet Service Providers & Resources
» Nvoq Inc













Nvoq Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





2580 55th St Ste 200 Boulder, Colorado 80301


Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Nvoq Inc is located at the address 2580 55th St in Boulder, Colorado 80301.  Nvoq Inc specializes in Local, Advertising, Graphic Design.  Nvoq Inc has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact Robert  Leibman, Vice President Sales or  go to www.sandcherry.comNvoq Inc provides Remote Access, Installations, Wireless Access to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Nvoq Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Nvoq Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Equipment
, Fiber Optic
, LAN
, Accessories
, Software
, Hardware
, Routers
, Modems
, Firewall Software
, Protection Software



SERVICES


Design
, Cellular
, Installations
, Static IP
, Computer Consultations
, Wireless Access
, Broadband
, Data Processing
, Remote Access
, Design Consultations


 BRANDS


Verizon
, Dell
, Samsung
, Time Warner
, Dish Network
, Avaya
, DIRECTV
, AT&T
, Sprint
, Sirius


 SPECIALTIES


Data Entry
, Hiring & Recruiting
, Document Technologies
, Sales Promotions
, Process Improvement
, Advertising
, Local
, National
, Graphic Design
, E Commerce



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Website: www.sandcherry.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 375-0000
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Internet Service Providers & Resources
Software Developer Services
Computers & Software
Information & Media



People Also Viewed


Eklektix Inc


5624 Rim Rock Ct  Boulder, Colorado 80301




Tiptop Software, Inc


1630 30th St Ste 510 Ste 510 Boulder, Colorado 80301




Insight Design


2006 Broadway st Ste 300 Ste 300 Boulder, Colorado 80302




ROCKYNET.COM


1919 14th St Ste 617 Ste 702 Boulder, Colorado 80302




Electroactive


717 Evergreen Ave  Boulder, Colorado 80304




Messagemedia, Inc


6060 Spine Rd  Boulder, Colorado 80301





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Robert  Leibman
Vice President Sales
Phone: (866) 383-4500 
 



Scott  Grantham
Head Of Information Technology
Phone: (720) 562-4500 
 



Tom  Sterlacci
Vice President Enterprise Sales
Phone: (720) 562-4527 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










