










 







NW Garwood Field Development Joint Venture - Oil and Gas- Gartley  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









NW Garwood Field Development Joint Venture

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4416 Lockhill Selma Road  
    San Antonio, TX, 78249Phone: 210-490-4910 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-05


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Harvey E Gartley 
 Executive 


 C David Gartley 
 Executive 












	Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures and Licensing Transactions |   WilmerHale
















































OfficesBlogsMedia Contacts SubscribeAlumni
Language




English
Deutsch






























Transactional




Bankruptcy and Financial Restructuring



China Corporate



Corporate




Capital Markets



Cross-Border Transactions



Emerging Company and Venture Capital



Mergers and Acquisitions



Public Company Counseling



Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures and Licensing Transactions




Debt Finance



Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits



German Corporate



Labor and Employment



Real Estate



Tax



Technology Transactions and Licensing








                Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures and Licensing Transactions
                
                    TRANSACTIONAL





Home > Practices > Transactional > Corporate > Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures and Licensing Transactions
    
    
    










 
            
            





                    Share
                    











WilmerHale's Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures and Licensing Transactions lawyers leverage technical knowledge, business acumen and legal experience to structure, prepare and negotiate innovate and effective technology-related agreements.In the highly competitive worlds of biotechnology and information technology, licensing transactions and strategic alliances can make the difference between success and failure. The attorneys in WilmerHale's Technology Transactions and Licensing Practice—many of whom have backgrounds in computer engineering, biochemistry, and other technical fields—collaborate closely with our corporate, licensing, intellectual property and tax lawyers to negotiate agreements for clients across a broad spectrum of industries. They handle hundreds of complex joint ventures, strategic alliances, and outsourcing and licensing transactions each year, some of which span international borders. Their work often receives industry commendation for its significance in shaping the future of science and technology. 



                    Contacts

                    People

                    Experience

                    Life Sciences

                    Hardware, Software, IT and Services

                    Outsourcing

                    Recognition

                    Publications & News

                    Events

                    Current Developments
















                    Contacts

Sort By 


Name

Title

















Steven D. Barrett


Co-Chair, Technology Transactions and Licensing Practice Group

                                        +1 617 526 6238 (t)

steven.barrett@wilmerhale.com














Belinda M. Juran


Co-Chair, Technology Transactions and Licensing Practice GroupCo-Chair, Life Sciences Group

                                        +1 617 526 6987 (t)

belinda.juran@wilmerhale.com













Previous


Next






















                    People

Sort By 


Name

Position















Mick Bain


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6158 (t)

michael.bain@wilmerhale.com














Michael J. Bevilacqua


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6448 (t)

michael.bevilacqua@wilmerhale.com
















Andrew Bonnes


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6136 (t)

andrew.bonnes@wilmerhale.com














Jeannette K. Boot


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 212 295 6507 (t)

jeannette.boot@wilmerhale.com
















Mark G. Borden


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6675 (t)

mark.borden@wilmerhale.com














Jay E. Bothwick


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6526 (t)

jay.bothwick@wilmerhale.com
















Dr. Martin Braun


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +49 69 27 10 78 207 (t)

martin.braun@wilmerhale.com














Lillian Brown


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 202 663 6743 (t)

lillian.brown@wilmerhale.com
















Peter Buckland


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 650 858 6036 (t)

peter.buckland@wilmerhale.com














A. William Caporizzo


                                        Partner
                                    

                                        +1 617 526 6411 (t)

william.caporizzo@wilmerhale.com















1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

Next









ExperienceWe represent market leaders in life sciences, technology, energy and cleantech, communications, financial services and other industries. These companies include: Cutting-edge biotech developers Agios, Epizyme, Macrogenics, Merrimack, Ophthotech and Vedanta;Gene-therapy innovators Spark Therapeutics and Editas;Pharmaceutical companies Bristol-Myers Squibb and Vertex;Personalized medicine company Kew Group;Consumer electronics companies Bose and TiVo;Data analysis pioneers Cellebrite, Kensho and Thasos;FinTech innovators MineralTree and Qapital, as well as financial services providers American Express and MFS Investment Management;Hardware developers and manufacturers Analog Devices and SanDisk;Software and IT developers Toyota InfoTechnology Center and Progress Software;Telecommunications leaders Altiostar, Broadcom and Cincinnati Bell;Healthcare IT innovator Caradigm;Video game developer Harmonix;Artificial intelligence developer MetaMind Entertainment; andFilmmaking and technology company Wymsee. Read more about the transactions we've done.






Life SciencesHelping clients protect their innovations, forge strategic alliances and successfully navigate a complex, dynamic industry.For companies in the life sciences sphere, licensing intellectual property and establishing strategic alliances are critical. WilmerHale's experienced licensing lawyers shepherd biotech, pharmaceutical, healthcare and medical device clients of all sizes through the complex transactions that make their business possible. Our attorneys excel at brokering material transfer agreements, manufacturing and supply agreements, confidentiality agreements and distribution agreements. They also frequently represent biotech venture capital clients as they license patents—the foundations of their companies—from leading academic institutions across the United States and Europe. Backed not only by their own experience but also the deep well of knowledge possessed by the firm's patent, tax, antitrust and EU competition lawyers, our transactional attorneys are ready to handle even the most multifaceted matters.






Hardware, Software, IT and ServicesWe assist with hundreds of agreements each year, guiding clients in nearly every technological field through the transactions that allow them to lead and innovate.Our clients in the ever-changing and fiercely competitive hardware, software, IT and services depend on us to strategize and negotiate transactions that take advantage of opportunities now while protecting their innovations and shoring up strong industry relationships for the future. We structure, negotiate and draft all types of licensing, distribution, product development, joint venture and strategic alliance agreements for these clients, often drawing on the deep experience of WilmerHale's regulatory, intellectual property, business and tax lawyers. Our attorneys keep a close watch on Internet-related legislative and regulatory developments in the United States, the European Union and elsewhere, and leverage our up-to-the-minute knowledge to advise clients in areas such as data privacy and security, copyright infringement, and export restrictions. 






OutsourcingA top-tier practice that represents clients in sophisticated information technology, business process and other outsourcing transactions around the globe.Our attorneys have extensive outsourcing experience; we have represented clients in more than 200 major outsourcing transactions. We assist our clients in all aspects of these transactions, including preparing and negotiating the services agreement and related exhibits, and continuing to advise our clients throughout the negotiations and life cycle of the relationships. The firm has leading complementary practices related to outsourcing transactions in areas such as data security and privacy, intellectual property, employment, tax, governance and dispute resolution, among others. In addition, we advise clients in the regulatory-related issues that arise through our top-tier financial services and other regulatory practices. Clients also benefit from our many years of practical experience in structuring agreements that enhance long-term performance and help achieve strategic objectives. We are quite familiar with emerging outsourcing models and new technologies that are influencing the marketplace, such as cloud computing and autonomic.






RecognitionBest Lawyers in America – Recognized nearly 100 WilmerHale partners in 2015, naming nine "Lawyer of the Year," including David Westenberg as Boston Information Technology Law Lawyer of the Year. From 2010-2013, WilmerHale's Technology Law practice received a number one ranking.BioPharm Insight – Consistently lists our attorneys among the leading legal advisors for biotech and pharma licensing agreements in the global, North American and European and Asia-Pacific ranking tables. Chambers Global – Named WilmerHale among the best in the United States in outsourcing in 2014 and 2015.Chambers USA: America's Leading Lawyers for Business – Named the firm in 2016 among the best in Massachusetts in technology, and in 2014 and 2015 among the best in the nation in technology and outsourcing. The "enormously respected" Robert Finkel is recognized for his significant technology experience and "practical approach and negotiation style." He is also named a "thought leader in the sourcing industry" with "unparalleled" industry knowledge.LMG Life Sciences – Ranked the firm in its 2013-2016 editions in the areas of patent prosecution, patent strategy and management, general patent litigation, Hatch-Waxman patent litigation, corporate, licensing and collaboration, M&A, venture capital and white collar/government investigations. The firm was also named a "Lifecycle Firm," meaning the firm is regarded as one of the best full-service law firms serving the life sciences industry. Co-Chairs Steven Barrett and Belinda Juran have also been named "Life Sciences Stars." Super Lawyers – Named Co-Chair Steven Barrett a "Massachusetts Super Lawyer" in the 2014 edition of Boston Magazine.The Legal 500 United States – Recognized Co-Chair Belinda Juran in 2013 as "a fantastic collaborator" and "outstanding in licensing."U.S. News - Best Lawyers® – In the 2017 "Best Law Firms" rankings, our technology law practice was ranked in the second-tier nationally and in the first-tier in Boston. Our information technology law practice was ranked in the third-tier nationally and second-tier in Boston.Who's Who Legal – Recognized Co-Chair Steven Barrett as a leader in life sciences in the 2015 edition.

















                    Publications & News

View


Publications

News

All








                                July 24, 2017
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Represents Trevi Therapeutics in Securing $50M in Series C Financing 




The WilmerHale deal team counseling Trevi Therapeutics was led by Stuart Falber and included Sam Rothberg and Cara Fonseca. 






                                June 7, 2017
                            



 
                                    Selected 2017 Life Sciences Transactions 





Recognized both globally and nationally for its leading life sciences practice, WilmerHale has more than four decades of experience representing biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device companies at all stages of growth, as well as venture capitalists and investment banks. 






                                June 7, 2017
                            



 
                                    Selected 2017 Strategic Alliances, Joint Venture and Licensing Transactions 





Our corporate, licensing, intellectual property and regulatory lawyers regularly handle a broad range of strategic alliance, joint venture, licensing,
collaboration, product development, outsourcing, manufacturing, distribution and similar agreements, including many significant deals that are helping to shape the future of science, technology and commerce. 






                                May 26, 2017
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Lawyers and Practices Recognized in 2017 Edition of Chambers USA 




Chambers and Partners announced its rankings for the 2017 edition of Chambers USA: America's Leading Lawyers for Business, with WilmerHale listed among the nation's best in 50 practice area categories. Chambers also ranked 86 WilmerHale lawyers as leaders in their respective fields. 






                                May 2, 2017
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Counsels Agios Pharmaceuticals in Exclusive License Agreement with Aurigene Discovery Technologies 




Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited announced a global license agreement to research, develop and commercialize small molecule inhibitors of an undisclosed cancer metabolism target. 






                                April 28, 2017
                            



 
                                    2017 Corporate Reports 




WilmerHale's annual IPO, Venture Capital and M&A Reports offer insights into market conditions and provide comprehensive statistics and analysis that are hard to find elsewhere. 






                                December 23, 2016
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Reps Editas Medicine in Licensing of New Technologies 




Editas Medicine, Inc., a leading genome editing company, announced it has exclusively licensed intellectual property related to new CRISPR technologies for human therapeutics that will enhance and broaden the range of medicines the company can develop. 






                                December 15, 2016
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Reps Spark Therapeutics in Licensing Agreement with Selecta Biosciences 




Spark Therapeutics and Selecta Biosciences, Inc. announced a license agreement that provides Spark Therapeutics with exclusive worldwide rights to Selecta's proprietary Synthetic Vaccine Particles platform technology for co-administration with gene therapy targets. 






                                November 9, 2016
                            




LMG Life Sciences Ranks WilmerHale and Attorneys Among the Best 




The 2016 supplement highlights nine firm practices and 18 attorneys, recognizing work under three categories—Intellectual Property, Finance and Transactional, and Non-IP Litigation and Enforcement. 






                                November 8, 2016
                            



 
                                    WilmerHale Reps Infinity Pharma in $28M Licensing Agreement with Verastem 




The WilmerHale deal team was led by Partners Belinda Juran and Steven Singer and included Associate Alex Civetta. 












1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

Next




















                    Events








                                    June 27, 2017




                                        Practising Law Institute Briefing—Collaboration and Licensing Transactions with Your Competitors: Strategic Planning
                                    




Webinar





                                    June 14, 2017




                                        QuickLaunch University Webinar: Key Issues in University Licensing
                                    




Webinar





                                    April 4, 2017




                                        WilmerHale Webinar—Navigating Collaborations With Your Competitors: Key Considerations
                                    




Webinar





                                    October 23-26, 2016




                                        Licensing Executives Society (LES) 2016 Annual Meeting
                                    




Vancouver, Canada





                                    June 6, 2016




                                        Best Practices in Strategic Transactions
                                    




Cambridge, Massachusetts





                                    September 22, 2015




                                        MassBIO Forum: Term Sheet to Contract Negotiations: Deal or no Deal?
                                    




Cambridge, Massachusetts





                                    December 15, 2014




                                        WilmerHale Life Sciences Webinar: Negotiating Companion Diagnostic Collaboration Agreements
                                    




Webinar





                                    December 1, 2014




                                        Harlem Biospace Legal Workshop: Key Issues in University Licensing
                                    




New York, New York





                                    February 27-28, 2014




                                        Practising Law Institute: IP Issues in Business Transactions 2014
                                    




San Francisco, California





                                    September 26-27, 2013




                                        Biotechnology Industry Organization General Counsels' Committee Conference
                                    




Washington, DC









1

2

3

4

Next


































 PeopleBlogsPublications & NewsEventsPro BonoAboutDepartmentsIntellectual PropertyLitigation/ControversyRegulatory and Government AffairsSecuritiesTransactionalIn every area of practice, WilmerHale brings the insight, dedication to excellence, and commitment to client service needed for our clients to achieve their business objectives. Our five-department structure and team approach to service enable us to provide the highest level of responsiveness and access to lawyers with the most appropriate experience.AlumniCareersClientCommonsLoginMedia ContactsWH ConnectWH EmergencyConnect Email Facebook TwitterOfficesBeijingBerlinBostonBrusselsDenverFrankfurtLondonLos AngelesNew YorkPalo AltoWashington DCDayton - Business Services CenterAddress: 1206 North Tower, Beijing Kerry Center 1 Guanghua Road Chaoyang District Beijing, China 100020 +86 10 5901 6588  (t) +86 10 8529 7566  (f)Address: Friedrichstr. 9510117 Berlin, Germany +49 30 20 22 64 00  (t) +49 30 20 22 65 00  (f)Address: 60 State Street Boston, Massachusetts  02109 +1 617 526 6000  (t) +1 617 526 5000  (f)Address: Bastion Tower, Place du Champ de Mars / Marsveldplein 5 BE 1050 Brussels, Belgium +32 2 285 49 00  (t) +32 2 285 49 49  (f)Address:1225 17th Street, Suite 2600Denver, Colorado 80202+1 720 274 3135  (t)+1 720 274 3133 (f)Address: Ulmenstrasse 37-3960325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany +49 69 27 10 78 000  (t) +49 69 27 10 78 100  (f)Address:49 Park LaneLondon,  W1K 1PSUnited Kingdom+44 (0)20 7872 1000 (t)+44 (0)20 7839 3537 (f)Address:350 South Grand AvenueSuite 2100Los Angeles, California  90071  +1 213 443 5300  (t) +1 213 443 5400  (f)Address: 7 World Trade Center250 Greenwich Street New York, New York  10007 +1 212 230 8800  (t) +1 212 230 8888  (f)Address: 950 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California  94304  +1 650 858 6000  (t) +1 650 858 6100  (f)Address: 1875 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Washington, DC  20006  +1 202 663 6000  (t) +1 202 663 6363  (f)Address: 3139 Research BoulevardDayton, Ohio  45420 +1 937 395 2100  (t)+1 937 395 2200  (f) Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.© 1994-2017 Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP

Privacy Policy | Legal Notices | EEO Policy | Modern Slavery Statement | Site Map

















Water Street Insights | Joint Venture Dealmaking





















































About

Our Team
How We Work
Our Publications
Media Relations
Careers

Industries

Aerospace & Defense
Chemicals
Financial Services
Healthcare
Metals & Mining
Oil & Gas
Power & Alternative Energy
Tech, Media, & Telecom

Services

Asset Team Activity Value Analysis
Corporate and Joint Venture Governance
Launch Planning & Integration
Organization & Talent
Portfolio Management
Restructuring & Evolution
Strategy

Critical Conversations

Training & Development
Transaction Advisory

Insights & Tools

Water Street Insights
Water Street Classics

Governing the Whole Business: Why and How Corporate Boards Should Care about their Diversified and Non-Controlled Entity Portfolios
How to Structure a Joint Venture: The Five Essential Elements of JV Dealmaking
CalPERS Global Principles of Accountable Corporate Governance
Joint Venture Management: Do You Have the Right Stuff?
Joint Venture Portfolio Management: How Natural Resource Companies Are Moving to Deliberately Manage their Portfolios of JVs
Restructuring Large Natural Resource JVs
Renewable Energy Partnerships: A Review of Recent Industry Trends

Water Street JV Newsfeed

March 2017
April 2017
May 2017
June 2017


Membership

About Membership
Member Events

Past Events


Contact Us





















Insights & Tools
Water Street Insights

















Water Street Insights



































How Are Your Corporate Standards Driven Into Your JV Agreements?

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        James Bamford | Tuesday, July 25, 2017
                                                    
                                                



MANY NATURAL RESOURCE and industrial companies are rethinking how their corporate standards and policies should be applied in non-controlled joint ventures. Previously, we urged corporate controllers, general counsel, and others focused on corporate risk and assurance to take steps at a corporate level to define a more sophisticated approach for how their corporate control frameworks reflect the unique context and constraints of non-controlled JVs. Now, we turn to the issue of structuring JV legal agreements. Water Street Partners recently analyzed 33 joint venture legal contracts with the intent of understanding how companies entering into ventures define deal terms related to the selection and assurance of a JV’s operational standards and policies, especially those related to health, safety and the environment, technical and engineering processes, financial controls, and third-party contracting. Our recent client experience suggests that a lack of specificity in the legal agreements on the issue of standards and policies can create real problems in venture governance and management – including partner misalignment, excessive auditing, and parent company exposure to legal liabilities and reputational damage. 
Read More















Healthcare Partnerships: Recent Trends in Industry Dealmaking

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        Molly Farber | Tuesday, July 11, 2017
                                                    
                                                



THE VOLUME AND PACE of dealmaking among U.S. healthcare companies remains high, as the industry wrestles with transformative change due to a confluence of disruptive factors. These factors include: passage of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in 2010 and subsequent repeal and/or replace efforts; an aging American population with increasingly complex and costly medical needs; and evolving market and consumer demands of the healthcare system. Health insurance companies are particularly exposed to the financial and strategic pressures levied by that industry-wide flux, and as a result have been at the forefront of striking new JVs and other deals as a means to survive in a leaner and more competitive post-ACA – and potentially post-BCRA – landscape.
Read More















Setting Transfer Prices in Manufacturing Joint Ventures

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        Lois D'Costa | Tuesday, June 20, 2017
                                                    
                                                



IN SCALE AND PROCESS INTENSIVE industries such as automotive, semiconductors, chemicals, and metals, it is common for industry peers to enter into joint ventures to manufacture intermediate or end products, and for the owners to be the venture’s sole customers (Exhibits 1A and 1B). General Motors and Toyota established their NUMMI joint venture to design and manufacture sub-compact cars, which the owners branded and sold separately under the Chevrolet Nova and Toyota Corolla monikers. Similarly, Intel and Micron entered into a semiconductor JV, IM Flash Technologies, to manufacture memory devices. In that venture, the owners perform the process technology development work separately outside the venture, and each takes ownership of its share of the memory devices that the venture manufacturers, which each in turn sells into the market under its own brand.The concept is simple. But setting the transfer price is often not. 
Read More















Managing Anti-Bribery and Corruption in Emerging Markets: Getting to a Good Yes

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        Joshua Kwicinski | Tuesday, May 9, 2017
                                                    
                                                



                                                
 
 
  EMERGING MARKETS REMAIN an important source of growth for many of the world’s largest companies. Recent headlines have underscored the importance of managing corruption and bribery risk in emerging market joint ventures.
  
In late 2016, Rio Tinto announced it was deferring a decision on performance-related pay for former CEO Sam Walsh, pending the result of an ongoing investigation into alleged illegal payments related to its Simandou joint venture in Guinea – a crisis which has already triggered executive resignations and threats of shareholder lawsuits before any formal enforcement action takes place. Also in the news is Claudio Descalzi, the CEO of Eni, who was recently reappointed to the role despite being charged earlier in the year with international corruption related to a Nigerian exploration license purchase.
  

Read More















First-Hand Perspectives On JV Dealmaking In The Energy Storage Sector

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        Cristina Sima | Tuesday, April 25, 2017
                                                    
                                                



                                                
 
 
  WATER STREET PARTNERS regularly convenes seasoned dealmakers to share their personal outlooks on the challenges and opportunities inherent to joint venture dealmaking. 
  
The power sector in particular is in a state of substantial flux globally. Reacting to the rise of distributed electricity generation, new utility and customer business models, and mounting concerns about the consequences of global climate change, governments and regulatory bodies are compelling the sector to transition away from power generation dependent on fossil fuels to more sustainable and renewable alternatives. 
  

Read More















Giving Alliances Their Due

                                                    By
                                                    
                                                        Joshua Kwicinski | Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                                                    
                                                



YOUR DEAL TEAM has brought you the outlines of a proposed joint venture. Did they ever consider doing a non-equity alliance instead? Too many deals reflect a rush to judgment on transaction structure, driven by some strange mixture of historical biases, industry norms, and satisfying early impressionistic and half-cooked comments from executives on a structural preference. 
  
Our view: More opportunities would benefit from explicitly considering an alliance alongside a JV. 
  


Read More







NEXT PAGE >


























POSTS BY TOPIC



Joint Venture Dealmaking (36)


Joint Venture Governance (25)


Joint Venture Management (17)


Joint Venture Boards and Directors (10)


Oil & Gas (9)


News Analysis (7)


Joint Venture Strategy (6)


Healthcare (3)


Joint Venture Talent Engagement (3)


Aerospace and Defense (2)


Best Practice (2)


Cross-Border Joint Ventures (2)


Technology Partnerships (2)


Chemicals (1)


Conflicts of Interest (1)


Emerging Markets (1)


Human Resources (1)


Insurance (1)


Joint Venture Operating Models (1)


Joint Venture Partner Selection (1)


Joint Venture Shareholders (1)


Joint Ventures in Private Equity (1)


Metals & Mining (1)


Strategic Alliances (1)


see all











RECENT ARTICLES



How Are Your Corporate Standards Driven Into Your JV Agreements?


The Daily Work of Influencing Your Partner


Healthcare Partnerships: Recent Trends in Industry Dealmaking


Non-Operated Joint Ventures: Does Asset Team Size Matter?


Setting Transfer Prices in Manufacturing Joint Ventures












POPULAR ARTICLES



Why Joint Ventures Fail - And How to Prevent It


Structuring Joint Venture and Partnership Transactions: The Top 10 JV Ownership and Control Models


Autonomous Vehicle Partnerships: How Tech Companies and Automakers are Collaborating to Innovate the Future


How Due Diligence Differs for M&A and Joint Venture Deals


Joint Venture Valuation: 4 Steps to Handling Hard-to-Value Contributions


































CONTACT US
















































3050 Water Street NW, Washington, DC 20007
202-280-2366
Water Street Partners, LLC is not associated or affiliated in any way with Water Street Healthcare Partners, LLC, which is a wholly separate entity.
Website Design by SmartBug Media. Copyright 2017.
All Rights Reserved










Privacy
Terms & Conditions










Latest Posts



How Are Your Corporate Standards Driven Into Your JV Agreements?


The Daily Work of Influencing Your Partner


Healthcare Partnerships: Recent Trends in Industry Dealmaking


Non-Operated Joint Ventures: Does Asset Team Size Matter?








































	SubSeaIQ - Offshore Field Development Projects


























 
 
 
 









About Subsea IQ   |   Contact Us   |   Advertise












HOME

OFFSHORE PROJECTS

FIELD ACTIVITIES


SUBSEA JOBS

WEEKLY NEWSLETTER

DEMO VIDEO


  








































 


Ichthys





Operator:Inpex


Water Depth:280 m / 924 ft


Region:Australia


Country:Australia


Last Updated:Feb 6, 2015    (view update history)








 








Located on Block WA-285-P, Ichthys is one of Australia's biggest undeveloped gas projects estimated to contain recoverable reserves of 12.8 Tcf (.36 Tcm) of gas and 527 MMb of condensate.Ichthys is operated by INPEX with a 66.8% interest, while Total holds a 30% stake and Tokyo Gas holds the remaining 1.575% interest. The area lies 137 miles (220 kilometers) offshore Australia in 853 to 919 feet (260 to 280 meters) of water.In 2000, Ichthys was discovered by three exploration wells, and then appraised by five wells three years later. On March 27, 2009, the partners reported that the field is commercially viable, and then submitted the field development plan for government approval.Field DevelopmentThe development plan for ...
Located on Block WA-285-P, Ichthys is one of Australia's biggest undeveloped gas projects estimated to contain recoverable reserves of 12.8 Tcf (.36 Tcm) of gas and 527 MMb of condensate.Ichthys is operated by INPEX with a 66.8% interest, while Total holds a 30% stake and Tokyo Gas holds the remaining 1.575% interest. The area lies 137 miles (220 kilometers) offshore Australia in 853 to 919 feet (260 to 280 meters) of water.In 2000, Ichthys was discovered by three exploration wells, and then appraised by five wells three years later. On March 27, 2009, the partners reported that the field is commercially viable, and then submitted the field development plan for government approval.Field DevelopmentThe development plan for Ichthys includes several subsea wells tied-back to a central floating offshore processing facility for gas, and an FPSO for condensate. Also, a 528-mile (850-kilometer) subsea pipeline will be constructed to transport the gas to an LNG processing plant in Blaydin Point, Darwin.The offshore facilities will consist of a subsea well development connected to a central processing facility (CPF1) for gas treatment and a floating processing, storage and offloading (FPSO2) vessel for condensates. Onshore installations will consist of two LNG trains with a capacity of 4.2 million tons per year each and facilities for the extraction and the export of LPGs and condensate. In addition to its LNG production, the Ichthys project is expected to generate 1.6 million tons per year of LPGs and 100,000 barrels of condensate a day at peak.Notably, the entire annual production of LNG from the Ichthys project (8.4 million tons per year) has already been sold for 15 years under oil-linked price contracts, mostly directed to third-party consortiums of Taiwanese and Japanese buyers including INPEX. Total Gas & Power Limited, the gas trading subsidiary of Total, will also purchase 0.9 million tons per year of LNG from the project to supply directly its customers.The plans for development and operation of the Ichthys project have been approved by Australian authorities, and construction will commence in the second quarter of 2012.Further ExplorationOn July 8, 2008, a new gas discovery, Mimia, was found offshore northwest Australia. Located on the WA-344-P Block, the Mimia well is operated by Inpex, with a 60% interest, and Total with a 40% interest.The Songa Venus semisub drilled the discovery well in a water depth of 833 feet (254 meters) and encountered a 236-foot (72-meter) gas column that confirmed the well as a gas and condensate discovery.The Mimia find is being evaluated to determine if it should be tied-back to the Ichthys project.






































	
                Inpex Kicks Off Ichthys Development Drilling Campaign		       
                


    			Type: Development Activity
               
                

Feb. 2015 - Inpex reached another milestone at its Ichthys development with the start of development drilling offshore Western Australia. The company contracted the Ensco 5006 (DW semisub) and the Transocean Jack Bates (DW semisub) to carry out the drilling program. The program calls for 20 wells to be drilled in the Brewster formation at depths ranging from 13,100 to 14,800 feet. Inpex anticipates production startup in late 2016.



















	
                Inpex Installs Centerpiece of Ichthys Development		       
                


    			Type: Development Activity
               
                

Nov. 2014 - Inpex announced the milestone installation of the Ichthys Riser Support Structure (RSS) in the Browse Basin offshore Western Australia. The RSS is reportedly the largest subsea structure ever laid on the seabed. The structure will serve as a physical, fixed support for flexible risers and dynamic umbilicals that connect subsea gathering facilities to the floating central processing facility (CPF) that is being built in Korea. The RSS is the centerpiece of the development as all other pieces of infrastructure will be installed relative to its location. Also being installed are subsea manifolds, 25 miles of flexible risers and pipes and almost 90 miles of rigid flowlines.



















	
                INPEX Launches Ichthys FPSO Hull at DSME Yard		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Jul. 2014 - INPEX launched the hull of the Ichthys FPSO from the dry dock at the Daewoo Shipbuilding and Marine Engineering (DSME) yard in Okpo, South Korea. The 1,102-foot by 193-foot hull is now positioned quayside where construction will continue with the fabrication and integration of the topsides and living quarters. INPEX celebrated the keel laying at the DSME yard in February and reached the 50% completion mark June 25. The next major milestone will be the installation of the turret which is under construction in Singapore. Ichthys production is scheduled for startup at the end of 2016.



















	
                Ichthys: Offshore Installation of Gas Export Pipeline Underway		       
                


    			Type: Development Activity
               
                

Jul. 2014 - Installation of the gas export pipeline is underway at the Ichthys development off Western Australia. The 552-mile pipeline will stretch from the Ichthys gas and condensate field in the Browse Basin to the onshore processing facilities at Bladin Point near Darwin in the Northern Territory. Offshore installation is being facilitated by Saipem's SEMAC-1 semisubmersible pipelay barge. Production startup is scheduled for the end of 2016.



















	
                Neptune Marine to Provide Services to McDermott for Ichthys Development		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Apr. 2014 - McDermott International awarded a survey and ROV contract to Neptune Marine Services for the INPEX-owned Ichthys project off Western Australia. The initial phase of the contract, expected to commence in May, will involve a pre-lay survey of the field, installation of 8 LBL acoustic positioning arrays and the provision of a Swift XL Work Class ROV. Neptune previously worked on the Ichthys project when it was contracted to complete a pipeline route survey.



















	
                First Hull Block Complete for Ichthys Central Processing Facility		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Apr. 2014 - The first hull block for the Ichthys Central Processing Facility (CPF) has been erected at the Samsung Heavy Industries yard in Geoje South Korea. First steel for the project was cut in January 2013 and delivery is scheduled for late 2015. Gas and condensate from the Ichthys development wells will be collected by the CPF and processed to remove impurities prior to transmission. Most of the condensate will be transferred to the Ichthys FPSO that will be moored nearby. Any condensate not stored on board the FPSO will be sent with the gas to Darwin through a 552-mile export pipeline. Once completed, the CPF will be the world's largest semisubmersible platform.



















	
                Ichthys Milestone Reached with FPSO Keel Laying Ceremony		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Feb. 2014 - INPEX celebrated a key milestone for its Ichthys project with the recent keel laying ceremony for the Ichthys FPSO. The ceremony was held at the Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) yard in Okpo, South Korea. Tradition was followed and the project manager paced a newly minted Australian gold coin under the first keel section for good luck. Each modular section will be fabricated separately and then welded together to create the hull. The 1,100 by 190-foot vessel will be capable of storing more than 1 million barrels of condensate which will be offloaded to tankers and shipped directly to market. Once construction is complete, the FPSO will be towed 3,479 miles where it will be permanently moored on location for the life of the project. Production at Ichthys is scheduled for startup at the end of 2016.



















	
                Interek to Provide Dimensional Control of Ichthys Mooring Turret		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Sep. 2013 - INPEX awarded a contract to Intertek for the dimensional control the Ichthys FPSO turret mooring system. Under the contract, Intertek will provide quality assurance and verification of the fabrication and integration of the mooring system. SBM Offshore won the turret construction contract early in 2012. Once construction of the turret is complete in Singapore it will be transported to the DSME yard in Okpo, South Korea for integration with the hull. Intertek expects to start the project in September 2013.



















	
                CPC Acquires Interest in Ichthys Project		       
                


    			Type: Operator Update
               
                

Jun. 2013 - INPEX, on behalf of the Ichthys project partners, announced an agreement for the transfer of interest in the project to CPC Corporation, Taiwan (CPC). Under the agreement, CPC will acquire a 2.625% interest in production licenses WA-50-L and WA-51-L, exploration permit WA-258-P and shares of Icnthys LNG Pty Ltd. Once the transaction is complete, the new list of equity holders will include INPEX (63.445%), Total (30%), CPC (2.625%), Tokyo Gas (1.575%), Osaka Gas (1.2%), Chubu Electric (.735%) and Toho Gas (.42%).



















	
                First Steel Cut for Ichthys FPSO		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Jun. 2013 - INPEX announced the steel cutting of the Ichthys floating, production, storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel at the Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering facility in Okpo, Korea. Now that the hull is being fabricated, all of the project's major offshore facilities are under construction. The FPSO will be used for condensate dewatering, stabilization, storage and export. It will be moored on location in the Browse Basin offshore Western Australia for the life of the project. Production is scheduled to begin by the end of 2016.



















	
                First Steel Cut for Ichthys Semisub		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Jan. 2013 - Steel cutting for the Ichthys semi-submersible central processing facility is underway at Samsung Heavy Industries. At 361 feet by 492 feet, it will be the largest semi-submersible platform in the world and will have a peak gas export rate of 1,657 Mmscfd. In addition, construction of the Ichthys FPSO's mooring turret has commenced. The FPSO will have the capacity to store 1.2 million barrels of condensate. The LNG project is on track to achieving first gas by the end of 2016.



















	
                Ichthys Financing Finalized		       
                


    			Type: Operator Update
               
                

Dec. 2012 - Partner's in the Inpex-operated Ichthys Project off Australia have finalized arrangements for $20 billion in loans including those with eight export credit agencies and 24 commercial banks. The arrangement marks the biggest project financing ever arranged in the international financial market. Ichthys finance credit facilities are comprised of direct loans from ECAs, ECA insured commercial loans, commercial loans from 24 commercial banks and senior sponsor loans from Ichthys Project participants. Finalization of financing is a major milestone for the project and was needed to ensure the successful development of Ichthys. Initial production at Ichthys is targeted for the end of 2016. The partners expect the field to produce 8.4 million tons of LNG and 1.6 million tons of LPG per year. Peak production of 100,000 barrels per day of condensate is expected as well.



















	
                Technip Wins Another Contract for Ichthys		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Sep. 2012 - INPEX awarded a contract worth $273 million to Technip for work related to the Ichthys LNG Project in the Browse Basin, Western Australia. Starting immediately, Technip will provide services concerning the preparation and execution of offshore commissioning of the FPSO and central processing facility. Completion of the contract is expected in 4Q 2016 when first gas is scheduled to be delivered. This is the third Ichthys contract awarded to Technip this year. The other two include agreements for engineering and procurement services and for the supply of flexible piping.


















	
                Aker Solutions Signs Ichthys SURF Contract   		       
                


    			Type: Subsea Equipment
               
                

Jul. 2012 - Aker Solutions has signed a contract with McDermott for the Ichthys gas-condensate field development. The scope of work includes the engineering, procurement, fabrication and supply of static and dynamic umbilicals, totaling 39 miles (63 kilometers) for the Ichthys LNG project. Key equipment within this contract comprise five dynamic umbilicals, seven static umbilicals, 36 steel tube flying leads, and associated equipment and hardware. The umbilicals and flying leads will be manufactured and delivered by Aker Solutions' facility in Moss, Norway, and supported by the project management, design and engineering teams in Fornebu, Norway. The expected delivery date is 4Q 2014.


















	
                Total Increases Ichthys Stake 		       
                


    			Type: Acreage Acquisition
               
                

Jul. 2012 - Total has increased its stake in the Ichthys LNG project to 30 percent through the acquisition of a further 6 percent interest from its partner INPEX. Total commented that the acquisition will not have an impact on any of the LNG offtake agreements that have been arranged. 


















	
                ShawCor will Provide Services for Ichthys LNG Subsea Equipment 		       
                


    			Type: Subsea Equipment
               
                

Jun. 2012 - ShawCor announced that its pipecoating division, Bredero Shaw, has received a contract to provide pipeline coatings and related products and services for the flowlines and tie-in spools for the Ichthys LNG project. The contract involves coating approximately 148 km of 6-inch to 18-inch diameter pipe that will be protected with three-layer polypropylene anticorrosion coating and Thermotite multi-layer polypropylene insulation. Work will commence during the second quarter of 2013. The company will execute the work at Bredero Shaw's facilities in Kabil, Indonesia and Kuantan, Malaysia. 


















	
                Technip Pens Ichthys FPSO Services Contract 		       
                


    			Type: Facility Construction
               
                

Jun. 2012 - Technip received a contract to provide services to the Ichthys FPSO, which will be located in the Browse Basin, Western Australia, at a water depth of 820 feet (250 meters). Under the agreement, Technip will provide engineering and procurement assistance for the topside facilities of the 1.2 million barrels storage capacity FPSO to South Korea's Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering. The Ichthys LNG project is expected to produce 8.4 million tonnes of LNG, 1.6 million tonnes of liquefied petroleum gas and 100,000 barrels of condensate. 



















	
                Technip Grabs EPCI Contract for Ichthys Field 		       
                


    			Type: Subsea Equipment
               
                

Apr. 2012 - Inpex awarded Technip a flexible pipe supply lump sum contract for the Ichthys gas field in Australia. This contract is part of the overall subsea umbilical, riser, flowline EPCI contract. The Supply A – production & gas export lines' contract includes: 1.86 miles (3 kilometers) of technologically advanced smooth bore 10-inch-diameter flexible gas export risers, 1.86 miles (3 kilometers) of 12-inch-diameter production risers. The contract is scheduled to be completed in the first semester of 2015. Gas from the Ichthys field will undergo preliminary processing offshore to remove water and extract condensate. The 552 mile (889 kilometer) Ichthys gas export pipeline will transport production from the offshore central processing facility through a subsea pipeline to the onshore liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility to be located at Darwin. 



















	
                KBR to Commence FEED Work on Ichthys 		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Feb. 2012 - KBR and its joint venture with JGC Corporation and Chiyoda Corporation, the JKC JV, have signed a formal contract for engineering, procurement and construction activities on the Ichthys LNG Project in northern Australia. Work is slated to start immediately. Gas from the Ichthys field in the Browse Basin, approximately 124 miles (200 kilometers) offshore of Western Australia, will undergo preliminary processing offshore to remove water and extract condensate. The gas will then be exported to onshore processing facilities in Darwin via a 552-mile (889-kilometer) subsea pipeline. The Ichthys Project is expected to produce 8.4 million tonnes of LNG and 1.6 million tonnes of LPG per annum, along with approximately 100,000 barrels of condensate per day at peak.


















	
                SBM to Supply Turret, Mooring System for Ichthys FLNG 		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Feb. 2012 - INPEX awarded SBM Offshore a contract to engineer, procure, fabricate and supply a turret and mooring system. This system will be integrated by the client into the Ichthys FPSO and installed offshore NW Australia. The contract also includes assistance during the integration of the turret into the FPSO as well as during installation on the field. Installation is slated to commence in mid-2015. 


















	
                GE to Supply Equipment for Ichthys LNG		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Jan. 2012 - GE Oil & Gas will supply rotating equipment, subsea production systems, and connectors for the Ichthys LNG project offshore Australia. GE will provide rotating equipment, including gas turbines and compressors, for a new LNG plant at Blaydin Point, near Darwin, and associated floating production storage and offloading and a central processing facility in the Browse basin. In addition, GE will supply subsea production systems for the offshore portion of the project as well as subsea connectors for the pipeline to Darwin. 


















	
                McDermott Makes Big Splash with Ichthys Surf Contract 		       
                


    			Type: Subsea Equipment
               
                

Jan. 2012 - Inpex has granted McDermott International a letter of award for the Ichthys gas/condensate field offshore Australia. The surf contract, with a value of $2 billion, is the largest subsea contract McDermott has received to-date. This project includes engineering, procurement, construction, installation and pre-commissioning of production flowline systems, a MEG injection system, plus start-up condensate transfer and fuel gas transfer flowline systems, control systems, as well as other associated SURF elements in water depths of up to 902 feet (275 meters). McDermott will also install mooring systems for the FPSO and central processing facility, as well as, installation engineering for future flowlines, risers and umbilicals. Engineering work has commenced with fabrication slated for 2013. Gas from the Ichthys field, in the Browse Basin approximately 124 miles (200 kilometers) offshore Western Australia, will undergo preliminary processing offshore to remove water and extract condensate. The gas will then be exported to onshore processing facilities in Darwin via a 552-mile-long (889-kilometer-long) subsea pipeline.


















	
                Saipem Scores Gas Pipeline Gig for Ichthys Development 		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Jan. 2012 - Saipem signed an EPCI contract with INPEX for the gas export pipeline on the Ichthys LNG project offshore Australia. Saipem's scope of work will include the engineering, procurement, construction and installation of 889 kilometers of a 42-inch-diameter subsea pipeline, in water depths of up to 902 feet (275 meters). The pipeline will connect the offshore complex to the onshore processing facility in Darwin. Offshore activities will be carried out during 2014 by the newly-built Castorone pipelay vessel. Gas from the field will undergo preliminary processing offshore to remove water and extract condensate. The Ichthys development is located on Block WA-285-P approximately 124 miles (200 kilometers) offshore Western Australia. 



















	
                Inpex, Total Give Nod to Ichthys Development 		       
                


    			Type: Status Update
               
                

Jan. 2012 - Inpex and Total have greenlighted the Ichthys gas-export development offshore Australia. The $32.5B development is estimated to hold 12.8 Tcf of natural gas. Development plans for Ichthys include several subsea wells tied-back to a central floating offshore processing facility for gas, and an FPSO for condensate. Also, a 528-mile (850-kilometer) subsea pipeline will be constructed to transport the gas to a LNG processing plant in Blaydin Point, Darwin. The project is expected to produce 8.8 million tons (8 million metric tons) of LNG a year, with its first shipment being delivered in 2016.



















	
                Clough Limited Secures LOI for Ichthys Development 		       
                


    			Type: Contract Award
               
                

Aug. 2011 - Clough Limited received a Letter of Intent for the provision of Offshore Integrated Project Management Support Services for the Ichthys LNG project offshore Australia. The company said the commencement of work is subject to execution of a binding contract and a Final Investment Decision for the Ichthys LNG project by the joint venture participants, INPEX and Total. The LOI includes overseeing the detailed engineering design, procurement, fabrication, at-shore commissioning, tow to site and offshore hook-up of the Central Processing Facility and floating production, storage and offloading vessel for the project. Full mobilization should commence immediately following FID for the Ichthys project, which is scheduled for 4Q11. INPEX operates the field with a 76% interest while Total holds the remaining interest.


















	
                JP Kenny Secures Largest Ever FEED Contract for Ichthys LNG Project		       
                


    			Type: Development Activity
               
                

May. 2009 - JP Kenny will perform the FEED of the pipeline and umbilicals, risers and flowlines, for the INPEX-operated Ichthys LNG project in Western Australia's Browse basin. The FEED will produce defined solutions for the subsea systems for the 528 mile (850 kilometer) export pipeline. The development plans for the Ichthys field include several subsea wells tied-back to a central floating offshore processing facility for the gas, and an FPSO for the condensate. Also, a 528-mile (850-kilometer) subsea pipeline will be constructed to transport the gas to a LNG processing plant in Blaydin Point, Darwin. The project is expected to produce 8.8 million tons (8 million metric tons) of LNG a year, with its first shipment being delivered in 2014.



















	
                Total and INPEX Launch the Offshore FEED for the Ichthys Project 		       
                


    			Type: Development Activity
               
                

Apr. 2009 - Total will launch the FEED for the development of the Ichthys field, located in the Browse Basin approximately 124 miles (200 kilometers) offshore North West Australia. During the FEED, the joint venture will define the production facilities comprising a subsea gas gathering network, a floating central offshore processing facility for the gas, an FPSO for the condensate, and a gas pipeline to Darwin.



















	
                Inpex Continues to Develop Ichthys Project Offshore Australia		       
                


    			Type: Appraisal Operations
               
                

Mar. 2009 - Inpex will continue developing the LNG project, Ichthys, offshore Australia in license WA-285-P. To date, the Company drilled eight exploratory wells, confirming the presence of sufficient reserves for a large-scale gas and condensate project. Currently, Inpex is engaging in feasibility studies including engineering work, field data collection and environmental impact assessments, as well as gas marketing for commercial LNG production. 














Ichthys FPSO










                                Under Construction - Jan 2013 to -
                             









Ichthys CPF










                                Under Construction - 2012 to -
                             












                                Prospect - Aug 09, 2011 to Jan 12, 2012
                             









Ichthys










                                Under Development - Jan 13, 2012 to -
                             












                                Discovery (Appraised) - 2008 to Jan 12, 2012
                             


                                 The project will carry out front-end engineering design (FEED) as the joint venture works towards making a final investment decision in 2009 and delivering its first LNG shipment in 2014 or 2015. 
                            









                                Discovery (Drilled) - 2000 to 2000
                             


                                 Inpex discovered the highly promising Ichthys Gas and Condensate Field in 2000.
                            













 





           The SubseaIQ Team works everyday to provide you with the latest information on the offshore field development market.
           The following table provides you with a detailed record of each addition and update made to this project by the SubseaIQ team.
           
        




UPDATE TYPE
DATE
DAYS AGO


Field Updated
Feb 06, 2015
902





Activity Added
Feb 06, 2015
902





Field Updated
Nov 07, 2014
993





Activity Added
Nov 07, 2014
993





Facility Updated
Nov 07, 2014
993





Field Updated
Aug 20, 2014
1072





Facility Updated
Aug 20, 2014
1072





Facility Updated
Jul 10, 2014
1113





Activity Added
Jul 10, 2014
1113





Field Updated
Jul 02, 2014
1121





Activity Added
Jul 02, 2014
1121





Field Updated
Apr 25, 2014
1189





Activity Added
Apr 25, 2014
1189





Facility Updated
Apr 04, 2014
1210





Activity Added
Apr 04, 2014
1210





Field Updated
Feb 20, 2014
1253





Facility Updated
Feb 20, 2014
1253





Activity Added
Feb 20, 2014
1253





Field Updated
Sep 20, 2013
1406





Facility Updated
Sep 20, 2013
1406





Activity Added
Sep 20, 2013
1406





Field Updated
Jun 28, 2013
1490





Activity Added
Jun 28, 2013
1490





Facility Updated
Jun 28, 2013
1490





Field Updated
Jun 27, 2013
1491





Facility Updated
Jun 20, 2013
1498





Field Updated
Jun 20, 2013
1498





Activity Added
Jun 20, 2013
1498





Facility Updated
Jan 25, 2013
1644





Facility Added
Jan 25, 2013
1644





Facility Status Added
Jan 25, 2013
1644





Activity Added
Jan 25, 2013
1644





Field Updated
Dec 18, 2012
1682





Activity Added
Dec 18, 2012
1682





Facility Updated
Dec 18, 2012
1682





Field Updated
Sep 18, 2012
1773





Activity Added
Sep 18, 2012
1773





Field Updated
Jul 16, 2012
1837





Facility Updated
Jul 16, 2012
1837





Activity Added
Jul 16, 2012
1837





Field Updated
Jul 12, 2012
1841





Facility Updated
Jul 12, 2012
1841





Project Description Updated
Jul 12, 2012
1841





Activity Added
Jul 12, 2012
1841





Activity Added
Jun 29, 2012
1854





Field Updated
Jun 29, 2012
1854





Facility Updated
Jun 29, 2012
1854





Activity Added
Jun 22, 2012
1861





Field Updated
Apr 11, 2012
1933





Facility Updated
Apr 11, 2012
1933





Activity Added
Apr 11, 2012
1933





Field Updated
Feb 10, 2012
1994





Activity Added
Feb 10, 2012
1994





Activity Added
Feb 03, 2012
2001





Field Updated
Feb 03, 2012
2001





Activity Added
Jan 30, 2012
2005





Field Updated
Jan 30, 2012
2005





Field Updated
Jan 25, 2012
2010





Facility Updated
Jan 25, 2012
2010





Facility Status Updated
Jan 25, 2012
2010





Facility Status Added
Jan 25, 2012
2010





Activity Added
Jan 25, 2012
2010





Field Updated
Jan 18, 2012
2017





Activity Added
Jan 18, 2012
2017





Activity Added
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Field Updated
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Project Description Updated
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Facility Updated
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Field Status Updated
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Field Status Added
Jan 13, 2012
2022





Activity Added
Aug 09, 2011
2179





Project Description Updated
Aug 09, 2011
2179





Facility Added
Aug 09, 2011
2179





Facility Updated
Aug 09, 2011
2179





Facility Status Added
Aug 09, 2011
2179





Project Description Updated
Apr 14, 2011
2296





Project Description Updated
Mar 31, 2011
2310





Project Description Updated
May 19, 2010
2626





Activity Added
May 14, 2009
2996





Project Description Added
Apr 30, 2009
3010





Activity Added
Apr 30, 2009
3010





Field Updated
Apr 30, 2009
3010





Field Status Added
Mar 30, 2009
3041





Field Added
Mar 30, 2009
3041





Activity Added
Mar 27, 2009
3044






        Project Update History Search - View all the lastest updates made by the SubseaIQ team.
    


 




















Digg It



Stumble it!



Newsvine



Del.icio.us



Technorati



Reddit



Facebook







































  




 


 





 











 


Ichthys CPFIchthys FPSO


 







Facility Name
 Ichthys CPF





Duty
Gas 





Operator
Inpex





Current	Status
Under Construction since 2012





Host Type
FLNG





Water Depth
280 m / 924 ft





Dev.Cost
n/a


 


Region
Australia


 


Location
WA-285-P




Facility Name
 Ichthys FPSO





Duty
Gas 





Operator
Inpex





Current	Status
Under Construction since 2013





Host Type
FPSO





Water Depth
280 m / 924 ft





Dev.Cost
n/a


 


Region
Australia


 


Location
WA-285-P



















 











 













Field Name
Ichthys





Discovery Date
Jan 2000





Block
WA-285-P, WA-50-L, WA-51-L





Reserve Type
Gas





Current Status
Under Development





Production Start
 





Water Depth
280 m / 924 ft














































Contact SubseaIQ
14531 FM 529, Suite 225
Houston, TX 77095
(281) 345-4040
 
Copyright © 2007 - 2017 Rigzone.com, Inc.




Inside SubseaIQ
Home
Offshore Projects
Field Activities
Project Suppliers
Subsea Jobs





 
SubseaIQ Weekly Round-Up
Privacy Policy
About SubseaIQ
Contact Us



 


Explore 
E&P News
Career Center
Rig Data
Training



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED WORLDWIDE. No part of this website may be reproduced, redistributed, adapted or translated without the prior written permission of Bishop Interactive. The information contained herein may be seeded and monitored for protection and tracking.





















Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Gorgon gas project - Wikipedia






















 






Gorgon gas project

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Gorgon Gas Project


Location of some of the Greater Gorgon gas fields in relation to Barrow Island and the adjacent coastline



Location









Gorgon Gas Project




Location in Australia






Location
Barrow Island


State
Western Australia


Country
Australia


Coordinates
20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41Coordinates: 20°47′S 115°25′E﻿ / ﻿20.79°S 115.41°E﻿ / -20.79; 115.41


Production


Products
Liquid natural gas


Owner


Company
Chevron Corporation (47%)[1]
ExxonMobil (25%)
Royal Dutch Shell (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)


Website
Gorgon Official Site


The Gorgon gas project is a natural gas project in Western Australia, involving the development of the Greater Gorgon gas fields, subsea gas-gathering infrastructure, and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant on Barrow Island.[2][3] The project also includes a domestic gas component. It is currently under construction and once completed, will become Australia's fourth LNG export development.[4]



Contents


1 Location
2 History
3 Gas fields
4 Developers
5 Scope
6 Economic Benefits
7 Gas sales

7.1 LNG export agreements
7.2 Domestic gas


8 Criticisms
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



Location[edit]
'Greater Gorgon' refers to a grouping of several gas fields, including Gorgon, Chandon, Geryon, Orthrus, Maenad, Eurytion, Urania, Chrysaor, Dionysus, Jansz/Io, and West Tryal Rocks, situated in the Barrow sub-basin of the Carnarvon Basin) The Gorgon field is centered about 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the north-west coast of Western Australia, where the water depth is approximately 200 metres (660 ft). Other fields in the group lie to the north, such as Jansz-Io, which covers an area of 2,000 square kilometres (770 sq mi), in a water depth of 1,300 metres (4,300 ft).
Barrow Island lies off the Pilbara coast, 85 kilometres (53 mi) north-north-east of Onslow and 140 kilometres (90 mi) west of Karratha. The largest of a group of islands which include the Montebello and Lowendal Islands, it is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) wide, covering 235 square kilometres (91 sq mi).[2]
History[edit]
More than 200 exploration wells have been drilled in the Barrow sub-basin over the past 35 years, including West Tryal Rocks in 1972, and Spar in 1976 - both discovered by West Australian Petroleum (WAPET) which had been a pioneering company in the development of the Western Australian petroleum industry. WAPET was the operator on behalf of various joint ventures comprising Chevron, Texaco, Shell and Ampolex (the exploration division of Ampol). Chevron and Texaco merged in 2001, Mobil took over Ampolex, and later merged with Exxon to form ExxonMobil. In 2000, Chevron became the operator of all WAPET's petroleum assets.
WAPET discovered Gorgon in 1981 with the drilling of the Gorgon 1 well.[5] Later discoveries included Chrysaor (1994) and Dionysus (1996). The Jansz-Io gas accumulation, discovered in January 2000, contains an estimated 566 billion cubic meters of recoverable reserves.[5]
The project received preliminary environmental approvals from the West Australian government in September 2007 and from the Federal Minister for the Environment in the following month.[6][7] The project developers then submitted revised plans to cover an expansion in the size of the project. Final environmental approval was received from the state government on 11 August 2009.[8] On 26 August 2009, the Federal Environment Minister announced that the expanded project on Barrow Island had been given conditional environmental approval.[9]
During the 2007 Australian federal election campaign, the Australian Labor Party announced that a future Labor government would set aside 25% of future Petroleum Resource Rent Tax from the Gorgon project to establish a Western Australian Infrastructure Fund.[10]
Gas fields[edit]
The Gorgon and Jansz-Io gas fields, 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the coast are said to contain 35.3 trillion cubic feet (1,000×10^9 m3) of natural gas and may have a lifespan of 60 years.[11]
Developers[edit]
The project is being developed by the Gorgon Joint Venture, which consists of Australian subsidiaries of three international energy companies:[12]

Chevron Australia (a subsidiary of Chevron) (47% share and project operator)
Shell Development Australia (a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell) (25%)
Mobil Australia Resources (a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil) (25%)
Osaka Gas (1.25%)
Tokyo Gas (1%)
Chubu Electric Power (0.417%)

Scope[edit]

300 ha of land has been acquired on Barrow Island
3x5 MTPA LNG Trains
15 million tonnes of LNG per year
300 terajoules per day domestic gas plant
Ground breaking occurred on 1 December 2009
First LNG in 2016
Production ends between 2054–2074 [13]

Using initially 18 wells, gas will be delivered via subsea gathering systems and pipelines to the north-west coast of Barrow Island, then via an underground pipeline system to gas treatment and liquefaction facilities on the island's south-east coast. The plant will consist of 3 liquefied natural gas (LNG) trains, each capable of producing a nominal capacity of five million tonnes per annum (MTPA).[2]
Carbon dioxide (CO2), which comprises around 15% of the raw gas stream, will be stripped out then injected into formations 2 kilometers[14] below the island. This forms the world's largest carbon capture and storage project, with 3.4 to 4 million tonnes of CO2 planned to be stored each year.[15] Inclusion of the carbon capture project was required by Australian environmental regulators.[14]
LNG and condensate, initially stored in onshore tanks, will be offloaded from a 2100m jetty onto LNG carriers and oil tankers, for delivery to overseas customers. Natural gas for domestic use will be exported by a 70 km subsea pipeline to the mainland, for transmission to local customers.[2]
On the total investment of the Gorgon LNG project, media articles have reported analyst forecasts of estimated costs ranging from A$11 billion (in 2003), A$16 billion (2007),[16] and A$50bn in March 2009 [17] to A$43bn in Sept 2009 and A$53bn in 2015.[13][18] ### The next line relates to the Wheatstone Project ###Chevron, however, mentioned in September 2011 that the foundation phase will cost about US$29bn and consists of two LNG processing trains with combined capacity of 8.9mtpa.[19]
Economic Benefits[edit]
Economic modelling carried out in 2008 as part of the environmental impact assessment process, forecast the following macroeconomic impacts (based on a 30-year period):

6000 jobs in Western Australia at the peak of the construction phase
more than 350 direct and indirect jobs sustaining throughout the life of the project
an increase in national Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of A$64.3 billion (in net present value terms)
A$33 billion of expenditure on locally purchased goods and services
additional government revenue of about A$40 billion (in 2009 dollars)[20]

Gas sales[edit]
LNG export agreements[edit]
LNG sales agreements have been reached between the joint venturers and customers in China, India, Japan and South Korea.
Chevron Australia has executed Sale and Purchase Agreements (SPAs) with Osaka Gas (1.375Mtpa for 25 years and 1.25 percent equity in the Gorgon Project), Tokyo Gas (1.1Mtpa for 25 years and 1 percent equity), Chubu Electric Power (1.44Mtpa for 25 years and 0.417 percent equity in the Gorgon Project) and GS Caltex of South Korea (0.5Mtpa for 20 years from Gorgon and Chevron system gas). Chevron Australia also has Heads of Agreements with Korea Gas Corporation (KOGAS) (1.5Mtpa for 15 years); Nippon Oil Corporation (0.3 Mtpa for 15 years) and Kyushu Electric ( 0.3 Mtpa for 15 years).
Shell has entered into long-term LNG sale and purchase agreements with PetroChina International Company Limited and BP Singapore Pte. Limited and also has secured capacity at LNG receiving terminals including the terminals at Energia Costa Azul LNG in Baja California, Mexico and Hazira in Gujarat, India.
An Australian subsidiary of ExxonMobil has signed long-term sales and purchase agreements with Petronet LNG Limited of India and PetroChina International Company Limited for the supply of LNG from the Gorgon Project. The agreement with Petronet LNG is for the supply of approximately 1.5 Mtpa of LNG over a 20-year term while the agreement with PetroChina is for the supply of approximately 2.25 Mtpa over a 20-year term. Together, these two sales and purchase agreements commit the ExxonMobil subsidiary's share of LNG from the 15 Mtpa Gorgon LNG Project.
Domestic gas[edit]
Under the provisions of the Barrow Island Act (2003), the joint venturers are required to reserve 2000 petajoules of gas for delivery into the domestic market. The Gorgon Joint Venture announced plans to establish a domestic gas project, including plans for progressive expansion to enable delivery of 300 terajoules of gas per day into the domestic transmission system.[21][22] Chevron have indicated that deliveries of Gorgon domestic gas will commence around the time of start-up of the third LNG train.[23]
Criticisms[edit]
The proposed project has attracted criticism from conservation groups in relation to the potential impact upon Barrow Island's ecology. The island is a Class A nature reserve, and home to the flatback turtle (classified as a vulnerable species[24]) and numerous other animals not found on the Australian mainland.[20][25] Other concerns are related to the adequacy of quarantine procedures on Barrow Island to protect against the introduction of non-endemic species,[26] and risks associated with geological sequestration of CO2. It was reported in November 2011 that native animals on Barrow Island had been accidentally killed daily with a known total of 1550 since construction began[27]
See also[edit]

Petroleum industry in Western Australia

References[edit]


^ Bloomberg - 11 Sep - Ownership info
^ a b c d "Gorgon EIS 2009-Response to Submissions" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon, Northern Carnarvon Basin". Offshore-technology.com. SPG Media Limited. Retrieved 2008-06-16. 
^ "Energy in Australia 2009" (PDF). Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b "Offshore Acreage Release 2008:Exploration History". Department of Resources, Energy and Tourism. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Chevron gets Gorgon green light". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 27 October 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Final State environmental approval for Gorgon development". Government of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Gorgon Expansion" (PDF). Federal Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts. Retrieved 2009-08-26. 
^ "anthonyalbanese.com.au". 
^ "Gorgon To Drive Australian LNG Asia-Export Surge" (PDF). JPT. November 2010. Retrieved 2011-06-02. 
^ "Project Overview" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ a b Chambers, Matt (15 September 2009). "Stock Quotes". The Australian. 
^ a b James Paton (April 19, 2016). "Burying Pollution Tested With $1.5 Billion Project in Australia". Bloomberg. Retrieved April 20, 2016. The Western Australian government insisted on Barrow CCS as a condition of approving Gorgon 
^ Projects: Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
Further details: Case study - Gorgon Carbon Dioxide Injection Project, The Global Status of CCS: 2011, Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute.
^ "Shell inks Gorgon LNG deal with PetroChina". Sydney Morning Herald. 4 September 2007. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ Sainsbury, Michael (19 August 2009). "Australia signs $50bn gas deal with China". The Australian. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ https://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/wa/a/30378193/lng-set-to-arrive-at-gorgon/
^ Chevron news release on Sep 25 2011
^ a b "Gorgon-Revised Public Environmental Review" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Domestic Gas" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. 
^ "Barrow Island Act 2003" (PDF). Parliament of Western Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-20. [dead link]
^ "Project Newsletter Oct08" (PDF). Chevron Australia. Retrieved 2009-08-29. 
^ "Current Threatened and Priority Fauna Rankings February 2009". Department of Environment and Conservation. Retrieved 29 August 2009. 
^ "Barrow pipeline adds to protesters woes". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 11 December 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved 2008-07-18. 
^ "Gorgon gas project 'environmental vandalism'". Australian Broadcasting Corporation. Retrieved 2009-08-27. 
^ "Threatened animals suffer for gas project". Perthnow. Retrieved 13 June 2012. 


External links[edit]

Chevron Australia Barrow Island Project Progress
Barrow Island Act 2003





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gorgon_gas_project&oldid=784248119"					
Categories: Natural gas in Western AustraliaProposed liquefied natural gas plantsPilbaraNorth West ShelfJGCHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010Use dmy dates from January 2012Use Australian English from January 2012All Wikipedia articles written in Australian EnglishCoordinates on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschРусскийУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 June 2017, at 08:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










        NW : Employer Identification Number Registry






























































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services



Medical Data Services  Medical Coding Library  EIN Codes  N  NW









                    NW : Employer Identification Number Registry














            This Directory Contains 2017 Employer Identification Numbers



            A business needs an EIN in order to pay employees and to file business tax returns. 
            To be considered a Partnership, LLC, Corporation, S Corporation, Non-profit, etc. a business must obtain an EIN. 
            Those business that do not are considered proprietorships and the Owner / Operator SSN is used on any tax documents. 
            Also, financial institutions such as banks, credit unions, and brokerage houses will not open an account for a corporation without an EIN. 
        



202404185 - NW ARKANSAS ANIMAL RESCUE INCBusiness Address: 1523 LADELLE AVE, LOWELL, AR, 72745-8429Mailing Address: Not on file208054961 - NW WINESKINS MINISTRIES INCBusiness Address: 5907 ELLSWORTH RD, FORT SMITH, AR, 72903-3229Mailing Address: Not on file320311464 - NW ARKANSAS WOMEN VETERANSBusiness Address: 773 FORD LN, LOWELL, AR, 72745-8913Mailing Address: Not on file453832187 - NW AR CENTER FOR SPIRITUAL LIVINGBusiness Address: 1747 N COLLEGE AVE, FAYETTEVILLE, AR, 72703-2606Mailing Address: Not on file475430728 - NW ARKANSAS RESCUE OF CANINESBusiness Address: 814 E PROSPECT AVE, HARRISON, AR, 72601-4417Mailing Address: Not on file710804058 - NW AR INDUSTRIES FOR EDUCATION INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 2000, SPRINGDALE, AR, 72765-2000Mailing Address: Not on file472299274 - NW SATURDAY ACADEMYBusiness Address: 7515 16TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC, 20012-1509Mailing Address: Not on file841373546 - NW SERVICES INCBusiness Address: 1415 W FRANKLIN ST, BOISE, ID, 83702-5024Mailing Address: Not on file362644392 - NW FELLOWSHIP BAPTIST CHURCHBusiness Address: 6125 W FOSTER AVE, CHICAGO, IL, 60630-1819Mailing Address: Not on file364143938 - NW HOMESTART INCBusiness Address: 27 W STEPHENSON ST, FREEPORT, IL, 61032-4219Mailing Address: Not on file454489664 - NW INDIANA SOAPBOX DERBY INCORPORATEDBusiness Address: PO BOX 268, VALPARAISO, IN, 46384-0268Mailing Address: Not on file273899184 - NW MICHIGAN FASTPITCHBusiness Address: 351 EDEN ST, KINGSLEY, MI, 49649-9289Mailing Address: Not on file900993125 - NW ATHLETIC BOOSTERSBusiness Address: 4200 VAN HORN RD, JACKSON, MI, 49201-7450Mailing Address: Not on file411883549 - NW-LINKSBusiness Address: 3031 17TH ST S, MOORHEAD, MN, 56560-5211Mailing Address: Not on file471690189 - NW WILDCATS BASEBALLBusiness Address: 101 RIDGE CIR, BRANDON, MS, 39047-8663Mailing Address: Not on file461916898 - NW WOMENS LACROSSE BOOSTER CLUBBusiness Address: 6304 THORNBLADE CT, GREENSBORO, NC, 27410-9640Mailing Address: Not on file561821620 - NW VOLUNTEER FIRE-RESCUE DEPT INCBusiness Address: 5029 BLUE BANKS LOOP RD NE, LELAND, NC, 28451-4009Mailing Address: Not on file134151217 - NW & D INCBusiness Address: 708 GREENWICH ST APT 4E, NEW YORK, NY, 10014-2598Mailing Address: Not on file161479583 - NW NEIGHBORHOOD OUT REACH CENTER INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 13109, ROCHESTER, NY, 14613-0109Mailing Address: Not on file421744630 - NW OHIO MILITARY FRIENDSBusiness Address: 5941 ELDEN DR, SYLVANIA, OH, 43560-1222Mailing Address: Not on file161737459 - NW SHERIFFS CHAPLAINS ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 4143, HILLSBORO, OR, 97123-1955Mailing Address: Not on file271093331 - NW SHIBAS4LIFE RESCUEBusiness Address: 16924 S BUCKNER CREEK RD, BEAVERCREEK, OR, 97004-8894Mailing Address: Not on file273789448 - NW ALLIANCE FOR LIFEBusiness Address: PO BOX 10008, EUGENE, OR, 97440-2008Mailing Address: Not on file383781579 - NW COLLEGIATE MINISTRIESBusiness Address: PO BOX 585, WEST LINN, OR, 97068-0585Mailing Address: Not on file383910118 - NW COMMUNITY OUTREACH MINISTRYBusiness Address: PO BOX 459, OREGON CITY, OR, 97045-0459Mailing Address: Not on file462148915 - NW MENS COALTIONBusiness Address: 11576 SE AQUILA ST, HAPPY VALLEY, OR, 97086-7673Mailing Address: Not on file463224756 - NW SELF STORAGE FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 14855 SE 82ND DR, CLACKAMAS, OR, 97015-7624Mailing Address: Not on file465688003 - NW OREGON ANIMAL ALLIANCEBusiness Address: 1741 WILLAMETTE FALLS DR, WEST LINN, OR, 97068-4523Mailing Address: Not on file474629716 - NW INSTITUTE OF ASSISTED REPRODUCTIONBusiness Address: 17399 NW MILLBROOK ST, PORTLAND, OR, 97229-7965Mailing Address: Not on file611488500 - NW BICYCLE SAFETY COUNCILBusiness Address: 4804 NW BETHANY BLVD STE I-2 PMB250, PORTLAND, OR, 97229-9195Mailing Address: Not on file680510491 - NW HIGH PERFORMANCE ENTERPRISE CONSORTIUMBusiness Address: 2141 NW 25TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR, 97210-2578Mailing Address: Not on file812279258 - NW CLINICAL SERVICESBusiness Address: 4631 NE 72ND AVE, PORTLAND, OR, 97218-3538Mailing Address: Not on file813699152 - NW NITRO FASTPITCHBusiness Address: 735 PARKMEADOW LOOP NE, KEIZER, OR, 97303-7818Mailing Address: Not on file830496041 - NW STAR ACADEMY INCBusiness Address: 1994 FURLONG CT, WEST LINN, OR, 97068-2525Mailing Address: Not on file911765165 - NW DOWN SYNDROME PARENT SUPPORT GROUPBusiness Address: PO BOX 9127, PORTLAND, OR, 97207-9127Mailing Address: Not on file930323668 - NW PRIORITY CREDIT UNIONBusiness Address: 12630 SE DIVISION ST, PORTLAND, OR, 97236-3132Mailing Address: Not on file930762595 - NW EEO-AFFIRMATIVE ACTION ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 636, SHERWOOD, OR, 97140-0636Mailing Address: Not on file930928147 - NW DOG JUDGES STUDY GROUP SO DIV INCBusiness Address: 6352 LIBERTY RD S, SALEM, OR, 97306-9102Mailing Address: Not on file931097172 - NW CONTEXTURE CONGREGATIONSBusiness Address: PO BOX 427, BEAVERCREEK, OR, 97004-0427Mailing Address: Not on file931174338 - NW FLYFISHERS INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 656, TROUTDALE, OR, 97060-0656Mailing Address: Not on file251822329 - NW PENNSYLVANIA NTMA EDUCATION FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 203, MEADVILLE, PA, 16335-0203Mailing Address: Not on file800795167 - NW PA PRIDE ALLIANCE INCBusiness Address: 1115 W 7TH ST, ERIE, PA, 16502-1105Mailing Address: Not on file931322033 - NW WILDLIFE CONSERVATION INCBusiness Address: 470 ORIOLE ST, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19128-4137Mailing Address: Not on file540880043 - NW WORKS INCBusiness Address: 3085 SHAWNEE DR, WINCHESTER, VA, 22601-4205Mailing Address: Not on file205356046 - NW OUTREACH MINISTRIESBusiness Address: 13143 BURCHARD DR SW, PORT ORCHARD, WA, 98367-7329Mailing Address: Not on file223939593 - NW FURNITURE BANKBusiness Address: 117 PUYALLUP AVE, TACOMA, WA, 98421-1111Mailing Address: Not on file263166683 - NW CENTER FOR SUSTAINABILITY AND INNOVATIONBusiness Address: 4969 SAMISH TERRACE RD, BOW, WA, 98232-9553Mailing Address: Not on file264592530 - NW WAKESURF ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 20126 BALLINGER WAY BOX 270, SHORELINE, WA, 98155-1117Mailing Address: Not on file272504442 - NW LOVE ALL ANIMALS RESCUEBusiness Address: 21903 NE 227TH AVE, BATTLE GROUND, WA, 98604-9684Mailing Address: Not on file452635798 - NW HOPE-NETBusiness Address: 360 NW DOGWOOD ST APT G204, ISSAQUAH, WA, 98027-2718Mailing Address: Not on file455362531 - NW VENTURE PHILANTHROPY FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 414 WEST BAY DR NW, OLYMPIA, WA, 98502-4832Mailing Address: Not on file461528958 - NW ASSOC FOR FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS NW SUMMIT REGIONAL CBusiness Address: 6750 S 228TH ST, KENT, WA, 98032-4803Mailing Address: Not on file462958584 - NW SEABEE BALL COMMITTEEBusiness Address: 1101 TAUTOG CIRCLE, SILVERDALE, WA, 98315-1101Mailing Address: Not on file463280604 - NW EDUCATION RESOURCE NETWORKBusiness Address: PO BOX 8055, BONNEY LAKE, WA, 98391-0897Mailing Address: Not on file464070160 - NW CENTER 4 WELL BEING NFPBusiness Address: 13908 51ST AVE NW, GIG HARBOR, WA, 98332-9102Mailing Address: Not on file471165483 - NW SNOWDOG RESCUEBusiness Address: 37019 N FINDLEY RD, DEER PARK, WA, 99006-8158Mailing Address: Not on file472309903 - NW UNITYBusiness Address: PO BOX 9535, SPOKANE, WA, 99209-9535Mailing Address: Not on file472407328 - NW FREERIDEBusiness Address: PO BOX 14, GRAHAM, WA, 98338-0014Mailing Address: Not on file473421688 - NW BACKPACK SNACKBusiness Address: PO BOX 642, MORTON, WA, 98356-0642Mailing Address: Not on file474218688 - NW HONEY BEE HABITAT RESTORATIONBusiness Address: 6605 PENNY LN, LYNNWOOD, WA, 98036-4163Mailing Address: Not on file812968535 - NW THUNDER HOOPSBusiness Address: 1119 180TH ST E, SPANAWAY, WA, 98387-1934Mailing Address: Not on file911144122 - NW ENERGY COALITIONBusiness Address: 811 1ST AVE STE 305, SEATTLE, WA, 98104-1463Mailing Address: Not on file911146613 - NW MINERAL PROSPECTORS CLUBBusiness Address: PO BOX 1973, VANCOUVER, WA, 98668-1973Mailing Address: Not on file911608288 - NW HOUSING PRESERVATION GROUPBusiness Address: 19721 SCRIBER LAKE RD STE C, LYNNWOOD, WA, 98036-6119Mailing Address: Not on file911717600 - NW SARCOMA FOUNDATION A NON-PROFIT CORPORATIONBusiness Address: 220 SECOND AVE SOUTH 115, SEATTLE, WA, 98104-2222Mailing Address: Not on file911841970 - NW BASEBALL & SOFTBALL ACADEMYBusiness Address: PO BOX 82207, KENMORE, WA, 98028-0207Mailing Address: Not on file911918588 - NW SHAREBusiness Address: 1555 NW SAMMAMISH RD, ISSAQUAH, WA, 98027-5376Mailing Address: Not on file912125380 - NW SOMALILAND SOCIETYBusiness Address: 7122 BEACON AVE S, SEATTLE, WA, 98108-3913Mailing Address: Not on file930466453 - NW BAPTIST CONVENTIONBusiness Address: 3200 NE 109TH AVE, VANCOUVER, WA, 98682-7749Mailing Address: Not on file391429784 - NW ALANO CLUB INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 213, MENOMONEE FLS, WI, 53052-0213Mailing Address: Not on file010697400 - NW DISCIPLES WRESTLING CLUBBusiness Address: 4806 NE 15TH, PORTLAND, OR, 97211Mailing Address: 4806 NE 15TH, PORTLAND, OR, 97211050566145 - NW MUSIC MENTORSBusiness Address: PO BOX 1685, SUMNER, WA, 98390Mailing Address: 13112 56th street east, Edgewood, WA, 98390134151217 - NW & D INCBusiness Address: 708 GREENWICH STREEET, NEW YORK, NY, 10014Mailing Address: 708 GREENWICH STREEET, NEW YORK, NY, 10014161737459 - NW Sheriffs Chaplains AssociationBusiness Address: PO Box 4143, Hillsboro, OR, 97123Mailing Address: PO Box 4143, Hillsboro, OR, 97123205356046 - NW OUTREACH MINISTRIESBusiness Address: 13143 Burchard Dr SW, Port Orchard, WA, 98367Mailing Address: 13143 Burchard Dr SW, Port Orchard, WA, 98367208054961 - NW WINESKINS MINISTRIES INCBusiness Address: 5907 ELLSWORTH ROAD, FORT SMITH, AR, 72903Mailing Address: 5907 ELLSWORTH ROAD, FORT SMITH, AR, 72903208189582 - NW IND & LOWER SW MICH REGION OFE ALLIANCE FOR YOUNGBusiness Address: 129 Marquette Avenue, South Bend, IN, 46617Mailing Address: 129 Marquette Ave, South Bend, IN, 46617251822329 - NW PENNSYLVANIA NTMA EDUCATION FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: PO Box 203, Meadville, PA, 16335Mailing Address: 15942 Conneaut Lake Road, Meadville, PA, 16335261974913 - NW POLE VAULT CAMPSBusiness Address: 7527 - 27th Avenue NE, Seattle, WA, 981154630Mailing Address: 7527 - 27th Avenue NE, Seattle, WA, 981154630263050474 - NW UNANGAX CULTUREBusiness Address: PO Box 5011 PMB 21, Ferndale, WA, 98248Mailing Address: PO BOx 5011 PMB 2011, Ferndale, WA, 98248263166683 - NW CENTER FOR SUSTAINABILITY AND INNOVATIONBusiness Address: 4969 Samish Terrace Rd, Bow, WA, 98232Mailing Address: 10833 Halloran Rd, Bow, WA, 98232264592530 - NW WAKESURF ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 20126 Ballinger Way NE - Box 270, shoreline, WA, 98155Mailing Address: 20126 Ballinger Way NE - Box 270, shoreline, WA, 98155264723489 - NW WASHINGTON VICTORY RIDERSBusiness Address: 9 Wisteria Ln, Bellingham, WA, 98229Mailing Address: 9 Wisteria Ln, Bellingham, WA, 98229271093331 - NW SHIBAS4LIFE RESCUEBusiness Address: 16924 S Buckner Creek Rd, Beavercreek, OR, 97004Mailing Address: 16924 S Buckner Creek Rd, Beavercreek, OR, 97004272504442 - NW LOVE ALL ANIMALS RESCUEBusiness Address: 21903 NE 227TH AVE, BATTLE GROUND, WA, 98604Mailing Address: 21903 NE 227TH AVE, BATTLE GROUND, WA, 98604272917721 - NW LAW ENFORCEMENT CHAPLAINCYBusiness Address: 16011 GRAY TRAIL CT, TOMBALL, TX, 77377Mailing Address: 16011 GRAY TRAIL CT, TOMBALL, TX, 77377273789448 - NW ALLIANCE FOR LIFEBusiness Address: PO Box 10008, Eugene, OR, 97405Mailing Address: 1965 Coventry Way, Eugene, OR, 97405273899184 - NW MICHIGAN FASTPITCHBusiness Address: 351 EDEN ST, KINGSLEY, MI, 49649Mailing Address: Po Box 119, Kingsley, MI, 49649320311464 - NW ARKANSAS WOMEN VETERANSBusiness Address: 773 Ford Lane, Lowell, AR, 72745Mailing Address: 773 Ford Lane, Lowell, AR, 72745351360118 - NW INDIANA CONCERT ASSOCIATION MUNSTERBusiness Address: 8837 Woodward Avenue, Highland, IN, 46322Mailing Address: 618 - 214th Street, Dyer, IN, 46322383781579 - NW COLLEGIATE MINISTRIESBusiness Address: PO Box 585, West Linn, OR, 97068Mailing Address: PO Box 585, West Linn, OR, 97068383910118 - NW COMMUNITY OUTREACH MINISTRYBusiness Address: PO Box 459, Oregon City, OR, 97045Mailing Address: PO Box 459, Oregon City, OR, 97045391429784 - NW ALANO CLUB INCBusiness Address: PO Box 213, Menomonee Falls, WI, 53052Mailing Address: 2054 Scenic Road, Richfield, WI, 53052421744630 - NW OHIO MILITARY FRIENDSBusiness Address: 5941 ELDEN DR, SYLVANIA, OH, 43560Mailing Address: 5941 ELDEN DR, SYLVANIA, OH, 43560454489664 - NW INDIANA SOAPBOX DERBY INCORPORATEDBusiness Address: 4 Monore Street, Valparaiso, IN, 46384Mailing Address: 60 E Division Road, Valparaiso, IN, 46384461916898 - NW WOMENS LACROSSE BOOSTER CLUBBusiness Address: 6304 Thornblade Court, Greensboro, NC, 27410Mailing Address: 6304 Thornblade Court, Greensboro, NC, 27410462148915 - NW MENS COALTIONBusiness Address: 11576 SE Aquila St, Happy Valley, OR, 97086Mailing Address: 11576 SE Aquila St, Happy Valley, OR, 97086462958584 - NW SEABEE BALL COMMITTEEBusiness Address: 1101 Tautog Circle, Silverdale, WA, 98315Mailing Address: 4416 Growler Circle, Silverdale, WA, 98315464070160 - NW CENTER 4 WELL BEING NFPBusiness Address: 13908 51st Ave NW, Gig Harbor, WA, 98332Mailing Address: 13908 51st Ave NW, Gig Harbor, WA, 98332465415743 - NW GEORGIA VOITUREBusiness Address: 789 Indian Mounds Rd SE 34, Cartersville, GA, 30120Mailing Address: 789 Indian Mounds Rd SE 34, Cartersville, GA, 30120471165483 - NW SNOWDOG RESCUEBusiness Address: N 37019 Findley Road, Deer Park, WA, 99006Mailing Address: N 37019 Findley Road, Deer Park, WA, 99006471883772 - NW REGIONAL SPINNERS ASSN AREA 6030Business Address: 836 NE 108th Ave, Portland, OR, 97220Mailing Address: 836 NE 108th Ave, Portland, OR, 97220472211672 - NW CONFERENCE FOR THE TEACHING OF INTRODUCTORY PSYCHOLOGYBusiness Address: 2400 S 240th St, Des Moines, WA, 98198Mailing Address: 2400 S 240th St, Des Moines, WA, 98198472299274 - NW SATURDAY ACADEMYBusiness Address: 7515 16TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC, 20012Mailing Address: 7515 16TH ST NW, WASHINGTON, DC, 20012472407328 - NW FreerideBusiness Address: PO Box 14, Graham, WA, 98338Mailing Address: PO Box 14, Graham, WA, 98338473421688 - NW BACKPACK SNACKBusiness Address: PO Box 642, Morton, WA, 98356Mailing Address: PO Box 642, Morton, WA, 98356611488500 - NW BICYCLE SAFETY COUNCILBusiness Address: 4804 NW Bethany Blvd Ste I-2 PMB250, Portland, OR, 97229Mailing Address: 16103 NW Oak Hills DR, Beaverton, OR, 97229710735906 - NW DISTRICT AR WATER WORKS AND WATER ENVIRONMENT ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 1901 NE A St, Bentonville, AR, 72712Mailing Address: 1901 NW A st, Bentonville, AR, 72712800795167 - NW PA PRIDE ALLIANCE INCBusiness Address: 1115 West 7th Street, Erie, PA, 16502Mailing Address: 1115 West 7th St, Erie, PA, 16502830483227 - NW METRO ALLIANCE FOR STEMBusiness Address: 137 Crescent St, Big Lake, MN, 55309Mailing Address: 137 Crescent St, Big Lake, MN, 55309900581948 - NW HONKERS BASEBALL CLUB PSBusiness Address: 2710 100th Ave NE, Bellevue, WA, 98004Mailing Address: 2710 100th Ave NE, Bellevue, WA, 98004911146613 - NW MINERAL PROSPECTORS CLUBBusiness Address: PO Box 1973, Vancouver, WA, 98668Mailing Address: 3435 SE Wister Street, Milwaukie, OR, 98668911882508 - NW HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 1594 Wallula Ave, Walla Walla, WA, 99362Mailing Address: 1594 Wallula Ave, Walla Walla, WA, 99362930928147 - NW DOG JUDGES STUDY GROUP SO DIV INCBusiness Address: 6352 Liberty Road South, Salem, OR, 97306Mailing Address: 8225 SW Shenandoah Way, Tualatin, OR, 97306931005429 - NW DOOR AND OPERATOR ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 33303, PORTLAND, OR, 97292Mailing Address: PO BOX 33303, PORTLAND, OR, 97292931174338 - NW FLYFISHERS INCBusiness Address: PO Box 656, Troutdale, OR, 97060Mailing Address: PO Box 334, Brightwood, OR, 97060931322033 - NW WILDLIFE CONSERVATION INCBusiness Address: 470 Oriole Street, Philadelphia, PA, 19128Mailing Address: 470 Oriole Street, Philadelphia, PA, 19128134151217 - Nw & D Inc.Business Address: , New York, NYMailing Address: Not on file161479583 - Nw Neighborhood Out Reach Center Inc.Business Address: , Rochester, NYMailing Address: Not on file161737459 - Nw Sheriffs Chaplains AssociationBusiness Address: , Hillsboro, ORMailing Address: Not on file202404185 - Nw Arkansas Animal Rescue Inc.Business Address: , Lowell, ARMailing Address: Not on file205356046 - Nw Outreach MinistriesBusiness Address: , Port Orchard, WAMailing Address: Not on file208054961 - Nw Wineskins Ministries Inc.Business Address: , Fort Smith, ARMailing Address: Not on file223939593 - Nw Furniture BankBusiness Address: , Tacoma, WAMailing Address: Not on file251822329 - Nw Pennsylvania Ntma Education FoundationBusiness Address: , Meadville, PAMailing Address: Not on file263166683 - Nw Center for Sustainability and InnovationBusiness Address: , Bow, WAMailing Address: Not on file271093331 - Nw Shibas4life RescueBusiness Address: , Beavercreek, ORMailing Address: Not on file272504442 - Nw Love All Animals RescueBusiness Address: , Battle Ground, WAMailing Address: Not on file273789448 - Nw Alliance for LifeBusiness Address: , Eugene, ORMailing Address: Not on file273899184 - Nw Michigan FastpitchBusiness Address: , Kingsley, MIMailing Address: Not on file320311464 - Nw Arkansas Women VeteransBusiness Address: , Lowell, ARMailing Address: Not on file364143938 - Nw Homestart Inc.Business Address: , Freeport, ILMailing Address: Not on file383781579 - Nw Collegiate MinistriesBusiness Address: , West Linn, ORMailing Address: Not on file391429784 - Nw Alano Club Inc.Business Address: , Menomonee Fls, WIMailing Address: Not on file411883549 - Nw-LinksBusiness Address: , Moorhead, MNMailing Address: Not on file421744630 - Nw Ohio Military FriendsBusiness Address: , Sylvania, OHMailing Address: Not on file452635798 - Nw Hope-NetBusiness Address: , Issaquah, WAMailing Address: Not on file454489664 - Nw Indiana Soapbox Derby IncorporatedBusiness Address: , Valparaiso, INMailing Address: Not on file455362531 - Nw Venture Philanthropy FoundationBusiness Address: , Olympia, WAMailing Address: Not on file461916898 - Nw Womens Lacrosse Booster ClubBusiness Address: , Greensboro, NCMailing Address: Not on file462148915 - Nw Mens CoaltionBusiness Address: , Happy Valley, ORMailing Address: Not on file463224756 - Nw Self Storage FoundationBusiness Address: , Clackamas, ORMailing Address: Not on file463280604 - Nw Education Resource NetworkBusiness Address: , Bonney Lake, WAMailing Address: Not on file464070160 - Nw Center 4 Well Being NfpBusiness Address: , Gig Harbor, WAMailing Address: Not on file471165483 - Nw Snowdog RescueBusiness Address: , Deer Park, WAMailing Address: Not on file471690189 - Nw Wildcats BaseballBusiness Address: , Brandon, MSMailing Address: Not on file472299274 - Nw Saturday AcademyBusiness Address: , Washington, DCMailing Address: Not on file472309903 - Nw UnityBusiness Address: , Spokane, WAMailing Address: Not on file472407328 - Nw FreerideBusiness Address: , Graham, WAMailing Address: Not on file473421688 - Nw Backpack SnackBusiness Address: , Morton, WAMailing Address: Not on file474218688 - Nw Honey Bee Habitat RestorationBusiness Address: , Lynnwood, WAMailing Address: Not on file474629716 - Nw Institute of Assisted ReproductionBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file475430728 - Nw Arkansas Rescue of CaninesBusiness Address: , Harrison, ARMailing Address: Not on file540880043 - Nw Works Inc.Business Address: , Winchester, VAMailing Address: Not on file561821620 - Nw Volunteer Fire-Rescue Dept Inc.Business Address: , Leland, NCMailing Address: Not on file611488500 - Nw Bicycle Safety CouncilBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file710804058 - Nw Ar Industries for Education Inc.Business Address: , Springdale, ARMailing Address: Not on file800795167 - Nw Pa Pride Alliance Inc.Business Address: , Erie, PAMailing Address: Not on file812279258 - Nw Clinical ServicesBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file830496041 - Nw Star Academy Inc.Business Address: , West Linn, ORMailing Address: Not on file841373546 - Nw Services Inc.Business Address: , Boise, IDMailing Address: Not on file900993125 - Nw Athletic BoostersBusiness Address: , Jackson, MIMailing Address: Not on file911144122 - Nw Energy CoalitionBusiness Address: , Seattle, WAMailing Address: Not on file911608288 - Nw Housing Preservation GroupBusiness Address: , Lynnwood, WAMailing Address: Not on file911717600 - Nw Sarcoma Foundation A Non-Profit CorporationBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file911765165 - Nw Down Syndrome Parent Support GroupBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file911918588 - Nw ShareBusiness Address: , Kirkland, WAMailing Address: Not on file912125380 - Nw Somaliland SocietyBusiness Address: , Seattle, WAMailing Address: Not on file930466453 - Nw Baptist ConventionBusiness Address: , Vancouver, WAMailing Address: Not on file930762595 - Nw Eeo-Affirmative Action AssociationBusiness Address: , Sherwood, ORMailing Address: Not on file931322033 - Nw Wildlife Conservation Inc.Business Address: , Philadelphia, PAMailing Address: Not on file010697400 - NW DISCIPLES WRESTLING CLUBBusiness Address: 4806 NE 15TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR, 97211-5032Mailing Address: Not on file050566145 - NW MUSIC MENTORSBusiness Address: PO BOX 1685, SUMNER, WA, 98390-0360Mailing Address: Not on file200147135 - NW CASCADES CHAPTER 154Business Address: 1914 MCKENZIE AVE, BELLINGHAM, WA, 98225-7217Mailing Address: Not on file201256273 - NW NEBRASKA YOUTH GOLF & EDUCATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 462, RUSHVILLE, NE, 69360-0462Mailing Address: Not on file204652174 - NW TN SHOOTING SPORTS ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 1226 SPEEDWAY AVE, DYERSBURG, TN, 38024-2538Mailing Address: Not on file205836162 - NW KEEPERS INCBusiness Address: 4320 WAVERLY DR NE, ALBANY, OR, 97321-7348Mailing Address: Not on file208189582 - NW IND & LOWER SW MICH REGIONBusiness Address: 129 MARQUETTE AVE, SOUTH BEND, IN, 46617-1108Mailing Address: Not on file261671820 - NW HEART OF GOLD INCBusiness Address: 901 SE 380TH CT, WASHOUGAL, WA, 98671-6783Mailing Address: Not on file261974913 - NW POLE VAULT CAMPSBusiness Address: 7527 27TH AVE NE, SEATTLE, WA, 98115-4630Mailing Address: Not on file263050474 - NW UNANGAX CULTUREBusiness Address: PO BOX 5011 PMB 21, FERNDALE, WA, 98248-5011Mailing Address: Not on file274872434 - NW PROVIDERS LEADING ALL YOUNG CHILDREN ASSOCIATION CORPBusiness Address: 9207 CHESTNUT AVE, FRANKLIN PARK, IL, 60131-3013Mailing Address: Not on file363281520 - NW RIDGE SALONBusiness Address: 5116 W IRVING PARK RD, CHICAGO, IL, 60641-2624Mailing Address: Not on file391495995 - NW WIS VOSH INCBusiness Address: 155 S 1ST AVE, WAUSAU, WI, 54401-4625Mailing Address: Not on file452635798 - NW HOPE-NETBusiness Address: 14520 NE 40TH ST STE 310, BELLEVUE, WA, 98007-0000Mailing Address: Not on file453674658 - NW ROYAL NATURAL BODYBUILDINGBusiness Address: PO BOX 413, ISSAQUAH, WA, 98027-0016Mailing Address: Not on file470931684 - NW POWER CAPITAL VCBusiness Address: 1117 CARMEL CT SE, OLYMPIA, WA, 98503-1957Mailing Address: Not on file680113160 - NW COMMUNITY COUNSELINGBusiness Address: PO BOX 189, EUREKA, CA, 95502-0189Mailing Address: Not on file721358204 - NW ALABAMA SERVICES & DEVELOPMENTBusiness Address: 503 W STATE ST STE 9, MUSCLE SHOALS, AL, 35661-2839Mailing Address: Not on file731262205 - NW OK BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTER INCBusiness Address: PO BOX 151, WOODWARD, OK, 73802-0151Mailing Address: Not on file830483227 - NW METRO ALLIANCE FOR STEMBusiness Address: 137 CRESCENT ST, BIG LAKE, MN, 55309-9490Mailing Address: Not on file911695553 - NW RIVER ECOLOGYBusiness Address: 12412 N MAYFAIR RD, SPOKENE, WA, 99218-1965Mailing Address: Not on file911903773 - NW SENIOR RESOURCE SERVICESBusiness Address: 2453 36TH AVE W, SEATTLE, WA, 98199-3703Mailing Address: Not on file911933456 - NW VETERANS OPEN CLUBBusiness Address: 8221 NE HAZEL DELL AVE STE 102, VANCOUVER, WA, 98665-8153Mailing Address: Not on file931005429 - NW DOOR AND OPERATOR ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 33303, PORTLAND, OR, 97292-3303Mailing Address: Not on file931120204 - NW STEWART CEMETERY ASSOCIATION INCBusiness Address: 16300 SW NORA RD, BEAVERTON, OR, 97007-9767Mailing Address: Not on file454489664 - NW INDIANA SOAPBOX DERBY INCORPORATEDBusiness Address: 4 MONORE STREET, VALPARAISO, IN, 46384-0000Mailing Address: Not on file911717600 - NW SARCOMA FOUNDATION A NON-PROFIT CORPORATIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 91460, PORTLAND, OR, 97291-0008Mailing Address: Not on file455362531 - NW VENTURE PHILANTHROPY FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 920 EAST BAY DRIVE 1-C-101, OLYMPIA, WA, 98506-3997Mailing Address: Not on file911918588 - NW SHAREBusiness Address: 11828 NE 41ST LN, KIRKLAND, WA, 98033-8754Mailing Address: Not on file452744113 - NW PATRIOTBusiness Address: , TACOMAW, WA, 98422, 3916Mailing Address: 8410 PACIFIC HWY E, TACOMAW, WA, 3916812924150 - NW PROGRESS PACBusiness Address: , CAMAS, WA, 98607, 1224Mailing Address: 1700 NE EVERETT ST, CAMAS, WA, 1224931304323 - NW FOOD PROCESSORS ASSOC. DBA OREGON FOODPACBusiness Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY, 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219Mailing Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY, 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219931305633 - NW FOOD PROCESSORS ASSOC. DBA WASHINGTON FOOD PACBusiness Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY, 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219Mailing Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY, 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219931304323 - NW FOODPROCESSORS ASSOC. DBA OREGON FOODPACBusiness Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219Mailing Address: 9700 SW CAPITOL HWY 250, PORTLAND, OR, 97219452744113 - NW PATRIOTBusiness Address: 8410 PACIFIC HWY E, TACOMA, WA, 98422-3916Mailing Address: 8410 PACIFIC HWY E, TACOMAW, WA, 98422-3916911587539 - NW SEAFOOD PROCESSORS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 206 SW MICHIGAN STREET, SEATTLE, WA, 581547309 - NW SERVICES CORPORATIONBusiness Address: 5063 ALABAMA HIGHWAY, RINGGOLD, GA, 30736Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 789, RINGGOLD, GA, 30736453741776 - NW SALADS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 13813 NE 48TH PLACE, BELLEVUE, WA, 203738733 - NW CMW, P.S.Business Address: Mailing Address: 2420 S. UNION AVENUE, SUITE 130, TACOMA, WA, 581547309 - NW SERVICES CORPORATIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: P.O. BOX 789, 5063 ALABAMA HIGHWAY, RINGGOLD, GA, 541847103 - NW SYSTEMS INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 9701 APOLLO DRIVE SUITE 410, LARGO, MD, 954440178 - NW ENTERTAINMENT, INC. DBA NEW WAVEBusiness Address: Mailing Address: 3003 W OLIVE AVE, BURBANK, CA, 911587539 - NW SEAFOOD PROCESSORS, INC.Business Address: 206 SW MICHIGAN STREET, SEATTLE, WA, 98105Mailing Address: Not on file203579368 - NW SIGN INDUSTRIES, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 360 CRIDER AVE, MOORESTOWN, NJ, 710685433 - NW ARKANSAS NEUROSURGERY CLINIC P.A.Business Address: 5501 WILLOW CREEK DRIVE, SUITE #203, SPRINGDALE, AR, 72762Mailing Address: 5501 WILLOW CREEK DRIVE, SUITE #203, SPRINGDALE, AR, 72762271188741 - NW MOBILE ENTERPRISES INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 10820 NE 183RD CT, BOTHELL, WA, 911009956 - NW CENTER FOR IMPLANTS & PERIODONTI MARTIN A. RABIN D.M.D., P.S.Business Address: MARTIN A. RABIN, DMD, 6214 EAST MERCER WAY, MERCER ISLAND, WA, 98040Mailing Address: 6214 EAST MERCER WAY, MERCER ISLAND, WA, 98040201119358 - NW EXPLORATIONS, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: 2623 S. HARBOR LOOP, BELLINGHAM, WA, 954440178 - NW ENTERTAINMENT, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 2660 WEST OLIVE AVENUE, BURBANK, CA, 461337926 - NW SALVAGE INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: 1391 NE CHARLES CT, FAIRVIEW, OR, 030472027 - NW MINK RANCH, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file030472027 - NW MINK RANCH, LLCBusiness Address: N4533 ZEBRO ROAD, BRUCE, WI, 548199649Mailing Address: Not on file352159248 - NW ENDOCRINOLOGY & DIABETES PCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file911144122 - NW ENERGY COALITIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file470934193 - NW PREMIER MORTGAGE, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file470934193 - NW PREMIER MORTGAGE, INC.Business Address: 2154 NE BROADWAY ST 120, PORTLAND, OR, 972321561Mailing Address: Not on file263036202 - NW AUTO RECYCLERS, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file263036202 - NW AUTO RECYCLERS, LLCBusiness Address: 2317 N MACHIAS RD., LAKE STEVENS, WA, 98258Mailing Address: Not on file911890939 - NW PROPELLER OPERATIONS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file710918489 - NW TRANSMISSION INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file911645215 - NW DELI DISTRIBUTION, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file911419087 - NW SPORTS PHYSICAL THERAPY, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file461562487 - NW DIGITAL WORKS LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file274433098 - NW CENTER FOR COLORECTAL HEALTH, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file237056959 - NW MONTANA HEAD START INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file800917591 - NW STAFFING LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file800917591 - NW STAFFING LLCBusiness Address: 1500 SOUTH UTICA, SUITE 400, TULSA, OK, 74104Mailing Address: Not on file912163231 - NW CENTRAL CONSTRUCTION INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file455246178 - NW CONSTRUCTION INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file540880043 - NW WORKS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file900873560 - NW BEND BOATS LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file930922087 - NW TAVERNS INC NOB HILL BARBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file930323668 - NW PRIORITY CREDIT UNIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file203317043 - NW TAX & WEALTH ADVISORY GROUP,INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file562627683 - NW PEDIATRIC GASTROENTEROLOGY, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file272067146 - NW CALIBER INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file912156783 - NW CONNECTION SERVICES, INCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file202505489 - NW DERMATOLOGY & LASER CLINIC, PCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file202505489 - NW DERMATOLOGY & LASER CLINIC, PCBusiness Address: 1130 NW 22ND AVE STE 330, PORTLAND, OR, 972102970Mailing Address: Not on file931257904 - NW COMMERCIAL HEATING & A/C, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file931257904 - NW COMMERCIAL HEATING & A/C, INC.Business Address: 18620 SE VOGEL ROAD, DAMASCUS, OR, 97089Mailing Address: Not on file900004983 - NW PUBLIC AFFAIRSBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file900004983 - NW PUBLIC AFFAIRSBusiness Address: 11650 SW 67TH AVNEUE, SUITE 110, PORTLAND, OR, 97223Mailing Address: Not on file912075634 - NW MOUNTAIN AIRBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file911618771 - NW INDUSTRIAL MECHANICS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file470892168 - NW KODIAK CONSTRUCTION LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file341185772 - NW OHIO CENTER FOR UROGYN & WOMENS HEALTHBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file830449496 - NW AGRICULTURE BUSINESS CENTERBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file208938764 - NW ENGINEERS, LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file221623568 - NW ESSEX COMM HEALTHCARE NETWORKBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file364143938 - NW HOMESTART, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file272272915 - NW FAMILY DENTAL PLLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file272272915 - NW FAMILY DENTAL PLLCBusiness Address: 15955 NE 85TH STREET, SUITE 101, REDMOND, WA, 98052Mailing Address: Not on file911854545 - NW HEALTH FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file931052778 - NW GEOSYNTHETICS, INC. DBA ACF WEST, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file201937433 - NW FOOT CLINIC, PCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file270340933 - NW HOLDINGS, INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file270340933 - NW HOLDINGS, INC.Business Address: 222 E MISSOURI AVE, PIERRE, SD, 57501Mailing Address: Not on file912108849 - NW CLEARWATER GROUP LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file931084205 - NW HOBBY TOWN USABusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file383401223 - NW INDIANA SUPPLY INC.Business Address: Mailing Address: Not on file760537482 - NW HOUSTON ARTHRITIS CENTERBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file930388911 - NW PREFERRED FEDERAL CREDIT UNIONBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file461705595 - NW EQUITY HOLDINGS LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file900946942 - NW SPORTS NET LLCBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file263089287 - NW HEADACHE AND WELLNESS INSTITUTEBusiness Address: 11782 SW BARNES ROAD, BLDG C, SUITE 130, PORTLAND, OR, 97225Mailing Address: Not on file390509570 - NW MUTUAL LIFE INS COBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW MUTUAL INVEST SVC, P MARGETBusiness Address: 611 E WISCONSIN AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI, 53202Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW MUTUAL INVEST SVC, JEROD SPAETHBusiness Address: 611 E WISCONSIN AVE, MILWAUKEE, WI, 53202Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW GROUP MKTG SERVICES OF CO. INCBusiness Address: 707 17TH ST STE 3700, DENVER, CO, 80202Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW GROUP MKTG SERVICES OF COLORADOBusiness Address: 707 17TH ST STE 3700, DENVER, CO, 802023438Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW WORKSITE MKTG CORPBusiness Address: 1910 INDIANWOOD CIRCLE, MAUMEE, OH, 43537Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW GROUP MARKETING SERVICES OF COBusiness Address: 707 17TH STREET SUITE 3700, DENVER, CO, 80202Mailing Address: Not on file522114207 - NW MUTUAL INVESTMENT SERVICES, LLCBusiness Address: 720 E WISCONSIN AVENUE, MILWAUKEE, WI, 53202Mailing Address: Not on file522206685 - NW YORK LIFE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTBusiness Address: Mailing Address: Not on file912090931 - NW PLAN SERVICESBusiness Address: 5446 CALIFORNIA AVE 200, SEATTLE, WA, 98136Mailing Address: Not on file861097657 - NW WASHINGTON CHAPTER OF AIABusiness Address: PO BOX AB, BELLINGHAM, WA, 98227Mailing Address: PO BOX AB, BELLINGHAM, WA, 98227351360118 - Nw Indiana Concert Association MunsterBusiness Address: , Highland, INMailing Address: Not on file911918588 - Nw ShareBusiness Address: , Issaquah, WAMailing Address: Not on file351360118 - NW INDIANA CONCERT ASSOCIATION MUNSTERBusiness Address: 10226 PRAIRIE AVE, HIGHLAND, IN, 46322-3525Mailing Address: Not on file202404185 - NW ARKANSAS ANIMAL RESCUE INCBusiness Address: 1601 LADELLE AVE, LOWELL, AR, 72745-8400Mailing Address: Not on file911717600 - NW SARCOMA FOUNDATION A NON-PROFIT CORPORATIONBusiness Address: 1912 NW 143RD AVE APT 23, PORTLAND, OR, 97229-4350Mailing Address: Not on file931097172 - NW CONTEXTURE CONGREGATIONSBusiness Address: 15660 S LELAND RD, BEAVERCREEK, OR, 97004-7650Mailing Address: Not on file462958584 - NW SEABEE BALL COMMITTEEBusiness Address: 4070 THRESHER AVE, SILVERDALE, WA, 98315-4000Mailing Address: Not on file911144122 - NW ENERGY COALITIONBusiness Address: 811 FIRST AVENUE, SEATTLE, WA, 98104-1457Mailing Address: Not on file161737459 - NW SHERIFFS CHAPLAINS ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: PO Box 4143, Hillsboro, OR, 97123Mailing Address: PO Box 4143, Hillsboro, OR, 97123208054961 - NW WINESKINS MINISTRIES INCBusiness Address: 5907 Ellsworth Road, Fort Smith, AR, 72903Mailing Address: 5907 Ellsworth Road, Fort Smith, AR, 72903263166683 - NW CENTER FOR SUSTAINABILITY AND INNOVATIONBusiness Address: 4969 SAMISH TERRACE RD, BOW, WA, 98232Mailing Address: 10833 Halloran Rd, BOW, WA, 98232454489664 - NW INDIANA SOAPBOX DERBY INCORPORATEDBusiness Address: PO Box 268, Valparaiso, IN, 463840268Mailing Address: PO Box 268, Valparaiso, IN, 463840268261671820 - Nw Heart of Gold Inc.Business Address: , Washougal, WAMailing Address: Not on file273789448 - Nw Alliance for LifeBusiness Address: , Newberg, ORMailing Address: Not on file273789448 - NW ALLIANCE FOR LIFEBusiness Address: 14400 NE STONE RD, NEWBERG, OR, 97132-6791Mailing Address: Not on file462148915 - NW MENS COALTIONBusiness Address: 11731 SE STEVENS RD, HAPPY VALLEY, OR, 97086-7536Mailing Address: Not on file472407328 - NW FREERIDEBusiness Address: 13709 TWIN LAKES DR E, GRAHAM, WA, 98338-7574Mailing Address: Not on file273789448 - NW ALLIANCE FOR LIFEBusiness Address: 14400 NE Stone Road, Newberg, OR, 971326791Mailing Address: 14400 NE Stone Road, Newberg, OR, 971326791273899184 - NW MICHIGAN FASTPITCHBusiness Address: 3499 Kennedy Place, Williamsburg, MI, 49690Mailing Address: 3499 Kennedy Place, Williamsburg, MI, 49690471165483 - NW SNOWDOG RESCUEBusiness Address: 37019 N Findley Road, deer Park, WA, 99006Mailing Address: 37019 N Findley Road, Deer Park, WA, 99006472211672 - NW CONFERENCE FOR THE TEACHING OF INTRODUCTORY PSYCHOLOGYBusiness Address: 2400 S 240th St, Des Moines, WA, 981989800Mailing Address: 2400 S 240th St, Des Moines, WA, 981989800273899184 - Nw Michigan FastpitchBusiness Address: , Williamsburg, MIMailing Address: Not on file273899184 - NW MICHIGAN FASTPITCHBusiness Address: 3499 KENNEDY PL, WILLIAMSBURG, MI, 49690-9387Mailing Address: Not on file931174338 - NW FLYFISHERS INCBusiness Address: PO Box 656, Troudale, OR, 970600656Mailing Address: PO Box 656, Troutdale, OR, 970600656455362531 - NW VENTURE PHILANTHROPY FOUNDATIONBusiness Address: 920 EAST BAY DR IC-101, OLYMPIA, WA, 98506-3900Mailing Address: Not on file223939593 - Nw Furniture BankBusiness Address: , Wauna, WAMailing Address: Not on file263050474 - Nw Unangax CultureBusiness Address: , Ferndale, WAMailing Address: Not on file223939593 - NW FURNITURE BANKBusiness Address: PO BOX 307, WAUNA, WA, 98395-0307Mailing Address: Not on file273789448 - NW ALLIANCE FOR LIFEBusiness Address: 14400 NE Stone Road, Newberg, OR, 97132Mailing Address: 14400 NE Stone Road, Newberg, OR, 97132911882508 - NW HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 1594 WALLULA AVE, WALLA WALLA, WA, 99362Mailing Address: 1594 WALLULA AVE, WALLA WALLA, WA, 99362462148915 - Nw Men S CoalitionBusiness Address: , Happy Valley, ORMailing Address: Not on file462148915 - NW MEN S COALITIONBusiness Address: 11576 SE AGUILA ST, HAPPY VALLEY, OR, 97086-0000Mailing Address: Not on file264592530 - NW WAKESURF ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: Box 70 - 4616 25th Ave NE, Seattle, WA, 98105Mailing Address: Box 70 - 4616 25th Ave NE, Seattle, WA, 98105710735906 - NW DISTRICT AR WATER WORKS AND WATER ENVIRONMENT ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: 4203 Miller Drive, Springdale, AR, 72762Mailing Address: 4203 Miller Drive, Springdale, AR, 72762364143938 - Nw Homestart Inc.Business Address: , Rockford, ILMailing Address: Not on file364143938 - NW HOMESTART INCBusiness Address: 205 N CHURCH ST, ROCKFORD, IL, 61101-1003Mailing Address: Not on file010697400 - Nw Disciples Wrestling ClubBusiness Address: , Portland, ORMailing Address: Not on file351360118 - Nw Indiana Concert Association MunsterBusiness Address: , Munster, INMailing Address: Not on file463280604 - Nw Education Resource NetworkBusiness Address: , Buckley, WAMailing Address: Not on file351360118 - NW INDIANA CONCERT ASSOCIATION MUNSTERBusiness Address: 8315 BARING AVE, MUNSTER, IN, 46321-2003Mailing Address: Not on file463280604 - NW EDUCATION RESOURCE NETWORKBusiness Address: 21502 CONNELLS PRAIRIE RD, BUCKLEY, WA, 98321-9710Mailing Address: Not on file901002740 - NW 100 Broadway LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY465438922 - NW CRESTVALLEY INCBusiness Address: 6513 132ND AVENUE NE STE 166, KIRKLAND, WA, 98033Mailing Address: 6513 132ND AVENUE NE STE 166, KIRKLAND, WA453277566 - NW Evergreen Opportunities I, LLCBusiness Address: 1355 NW 13TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR, 97209Mailing Address: 1355 NW 13TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR453277566 - NW Evergreen Opportunities II, LLCBusiness Address: 1355 NW 13TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR, 97205Mailing Address: 1355 NW 13TH AVE, PORTLAND, OR251844938 - NW REHABILITATION ASSOCIATES INCBusiness Address: C/O SELECT MEDICAL CORP, 4716 OLD GETTYSBURG RD PO BOX 2034, MECHANICSBURG, PA, 17055Mailing Address: C/O SELECT MEDICAL CORP, 4716 OLD GETTYSBURG RD PO BOX 2034, MECHANICSBURG, PA352487711 - NW Freshfields REIT LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY222716789 - NW CAPITAL MARKETS INC.Business Address: 2 HUDSON PLACE, HOBOKEN, NJ, 07030Mailing Address: 2 HUDSON PLACE, HOBOKEN, NJ463987078 - NW EVERGREEN OPPORTUNITIES VI, LLCBusiness Address: 2250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR, 97210Mailing Address: 2250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR455077183 - NW Real Estate Investors LLCBusiness Address: 5315 N. COMMERCIAL ST, SUITE 200, RUSTON, WA, 98407Mailing Address: 5315 N. COMMERCIAL ST, SUITE 200, RUSTON, WA203472928 - NW ADVISORS LLCBusiness Address: 31 PIPING ROCK ROAD, SUITE 1505, LOCUST VALLEY, NY, 11560Mailing Address: 31 PIPING ROCK ROAD, SUITE 1505, LOCUST VALLEY, NY274721046 - NW Bridge Capital Partners II LLCBusiness Address: 1916 PIKE PLACE, STE. 12-721, SEATTLE, WA, 98101Mailing Address: 1916 PIKE PLACE, STE. 12-721, SEATTLE, WA364752638 - NW Evergreen Opportunities IV, LLCBusiness Address: 2250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR, 97210Mailing Address: 2250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR463800387 - NW Evergreen Opportunities V, LLCBusiness Address: 250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR, 97210Mailing Address: 250 NW FLANDERS STREET, SUITE GARDEN 02, PORTLAND, OR371732251 - NW Life Funds, LPBusiness Address: 4380 SW MACADAM AVE., SUITE 260, PORTLAND, OR, 97239Mailing Address: 4380 SW MACADAM AVE., SUITE 260, PORTLAND, OR000000000 - NW APARTMENT PORTFOLIO I LLCBusiness Address: 3101 WESTERN AVE SUITE 450, SEATTLE, WA, 98121Mailing Address: 3101 WESTERN AVE SUITE 450, SEATTLE, WA000000000 - NW Office REIT Holdings LLCBusiness Address: C/O NORTHWOOD INVESTORS LLC, 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: C/O NORTHWOOD INVESTORS LLC, 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY000000000 - NW Premont LP, RSLBEE LLC, Genral PartnerBusiness Address: 17311 Dallas Parkway, Suite 210, Dallas, TX, 75248Mailing Address: 17311 Dallas Parkway, Suite 210, Dallas, TX000000000 - NW Bridge Capital Partners LLCBusiness Address: 200 W. THOMAS STREET, SUITE 560, SEATTLE, WA, 98119Mailing Address: 200 W. THOMAS STREET, SUITE 560, SEATTLE, WA000000000 - NW Southeast Retail Holdings LLCBusiness Address: NORTHWOOD INVESTORS LLC, 575 FIFTH AVE., 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: NORTHWOOD INVESTORS LLC, 575 FIFTH AVE., 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY000000000 - NW Apartment Portfolio II LLCBusiness Address: 3101 WESTERN AVE SUITE 450, SEATTLE, WA, 98121Mailing Address: 3101 WESTERN AVE SUITE 450, SEATTLE, WA000000000 - NW SECURITIES TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR INC /OR/       /TABusiness Address: 6765 SW 196TH AVE, ALOHA, OR, 97007Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW SERVICES CORPBusiness Address: ROBIN RD AT HIGHWAY 151, RINGGOLD, GA, 30736Mailing Address: Not on fileN/S - NW&P SEP L PBusiness Address: 395 ROCK CREEK, ANN ARBOR, MI, 48104Mailing Address: Not on file134151217 - NW & D INCBusiness Address: CO THE FIELD 161 6TH AVE, New York, NY, 10001Mailing Address: CO THE FIELD 161 6TH AVE Suite 14 F, New York, NY453674658 - Nw Royal Natural BodybuildingBusiness Address: , Issaquah, WAMailing Address: Not on file462148915 - NW MEN S COALITIONBusiness Address: 11731 SE STEVENS RD, HAPPY VALLEY, OR, 97086-7536Mailing Address: Not on file930323668 - NW PRIORITY CREDIT UNIONBusiness Address: PO BOX 16640, PORTLAND, OR, 97292-0640Mailing Address: Not on file756433809 - NW RC CHARITABLE REMAINDER TRUSTBusiness Address: 4311 W LOVERS LN STE 200, DALLAS, TX, 75209-2803Mailing Address: Not on file264592530 - NW WAKESURF ASSOCIATIONBusiness Address: BOX 70 - 4616 25TH AVE NE, SEATTLE, WA, 98105-4183Mailing Address: Not on file251844938 - NW REHABILITATION ASSOCIATES LPBusiness Address: C/O SELECT MEDICAL CORP, 4716 OLD GETTYSBURG RD PO BOX 2034, MECHANICSBURG, PA, 17055Mailing Address: C/O SELECT MEDICAL CORP, 4716 OLD GETTYSBURG RD PO BOX 2034, MECHANICSBURG, PA223444516 - NW Financial Group, LLCBusiness Address: 2 HUDSON PLACE, 3RD FLOOR, HOBOKEN, NJ, 07030Mailing Address: 2 HUDSON PLACE, 3RD FLOOR, HOBOKEN, NJ, 07030465657606 - NW Investment Holdings, LLCBusiness Address: 9 SE 3RD STE 100, PORTLAND, OR, 97214Mailing Address: 9 SE 3RD STE 100, PORTLAND, OR, 97214000000000 - NW U.K. Regional (No.2) Limited PartnershipBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017000000000 - NW U.K. Regional II (No.1) Limited PartnershipBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017000000000 - NW U.K. Regional II (No.2) Limited PartnershipBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017000000000 - NW AUSTIN OFFICE PARTNERS LLCBusiness Address: 490 CALIFORNIA AVENUE, 4TH FLOOR, PALO ALTO, CA, 94036Mailing Address: 490 CALIFORNIA AVENUE, 4TH FLOOR, PALO ALTO, CA, 94036474290414 - NW 200 Smith Street REIT LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017474986302 - NW 230 Congress Street REIT LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017000000000 - NW AUSTIN HOLDCO LLCBusiness Address: 490 CALIFORNIA AVENUE, 4TH FLOOR, PALO ALTO, CA, 94306Mailing Address: 490 CALIFORNIA AVENUE, 4TH FLOOR, PALO ALTO, CA, 94306475210539 - NW Colorado REIT LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017000000000 - NW Europe TE Feeder LPBusiness Address: 1819 WAZEE STREET, 2ND FLOOR, DENVER, CO, 80202Mailing Address: 1819 WAZEE STREET, 2ND FLOOR, DENVER, CO, 80202000000000 - NW GRAND BROWNSTONES LLCBusiness Address: 912 NW 139TH STREET PARKWAY, EDMOND, OK, 73013Mailing Address: 912 NW 139TH STREET PARKWAY, EDMOND, OK, 73013475603444 - NW Prospect Hill REIT LLCBusiness Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017Mailing Address: 575 FIFTH AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY, 10017300914479 - NW SPV XXI, LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903811254022 - NW Sullivan LPBusiness Address: 19950 W. COUNTRY CLUB DRIVE, SUITE 904, AVENTURA, FL, 33180Mailing Address: 19950 W. COUNTRY CLUB DRIVE, SUITE 904, AVENTURA, FL, 33180811607045 - NW SPV XVII, LLC, a separate series of NeWAY Funds Master Series, LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903811656336 - NW SPV XXII, LLC, a separate series of NeWAY Funds Master Series, LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DRIVE, SUITE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903812273569 - NW SPV V LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903812273569 - NW SPV XXX LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903812082886 - NW SPV XXXII LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903812148143 - NW SPV XXXVII LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 209903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 209903931138967 - NW VENTURE CORPBusiness Address: 501 SE COLUMBIA SHOREES BLVD, #350, VANCOUVER, WA, 98661Mailing Address: Not on file812335766 - NW SPV XLVI, LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903812234215 - NW SPV XL LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903203472928 - NW ADVISORS LLCBusiness Address: ONE ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, SUITE 1505, NEW YORK, NY, 10020Mailing Address: ONE ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, SUITE 1505, NEW YORK, NY, 10020814023412 - NW Garwood Field Development Joint VentureBusiness Address: 4416 LOCKHILL SELMA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX, 78249Mailing Address: 4416 LOCKHILL SELMA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX, 78249813685527 - NW Cox Bay 3-D Joint VentureBusiness Address: 4416 LOCKHILL SELMA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX, 78249Mailing Address: 4416 LOCKHILL SELMA ROAD, SAN ANTONIO, TX, 78249N/S - NW SECURITIES TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR INC /OR/       /TABusiness Address: 14780 SW OSPREY DRIVE, SUITE 240, BEAVERTON, OR, 97007Mailing Address: Not on file812286991 - NW SPV XLIII LLCBusiness Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903Mailing Address: 900 W NOLCREST DR STE 200, SILVER SPRING, MD, 20903






























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            


















Novartis (NVS): Some Examples of Joint Ventures, Partnerships, and Alliances | Knowledge Ecology International




















































  


About
Listserves
Blogs
Videos
Publications
Donate
 


Search this site: 














  Knowledge Ecology International  
 Attending and mending the knowledge ecosystem 




Staff Blogs Staff blogs
James Love
Manon Ress
Thiru Balasubramaniam
Andrew Goldman
Claire Cassedy
Diane Singhroy
Kim Treanor
KEI Staff




 Home » Competition Policy 


Novartis (NVS): Some Examples of Joint Ventures, Partnerships, and Alliances

View
What links here



novartis
Competition Policy

					
					Wednesday, 29 August 2007			


				According to the Novartis strategic alliances webpage, the company is engaged in "More than 400 collaborations in over 20 countries, over 120 collaborations with major biotech companies, and over 280 collaborations with academic centers." 

Selected Joint Ventures, Partnerships, and Alliances with Big Pharma Novartis and Bayer Schering AG  - PTK/ZK - These two companies initially collaborated in the development of PTK/ZK, an oral angiogenesis inhibitor used to slow the spread and growth of tumors.  Under a January 2005 agreement, Novartis and Schering will co-promote the drug.  According to the Healthcare Sales and Marketing Network, "Schering will become the lead partner in Europe while Novartis will be the lead partner in North America. The lead partner will bear the larger part of costs and resources, and will thus retain a correspondingly larger percentage of the profits. For Japan, costs and profits will be shared equally by Schering and Novartis. In Latin America, Africa and Australia Schering will exclusively market PTK/ZK. Novartis will exclusively market the product in Asia, excluding Japan. Additional details of the agreement were not disclosed." http://salesandmarketingnetwork.com/news_release.php?ID=2002965Novartis and Celgene - Focalin™ - Reuters.com reports that, "Celgene's commercial programs include...sales of FOCALIN to Novartis Pharma AG (Novartis); a licensing agreement with Novartis, which entitles the Company to royalties on FOCALIN XR and the entire RITALIN family of drugs; a licensing and product supply agreement with Pharmion Corporation for its sales of thalidomide, and sales of bio-therapeutic products and services through its Cellular Therapeutics subsidiary." http://stocks.us.reuters.com/stocks/fullDescription.asp?rpc=66&symbol=CELG.OAccording to Celgene investor information, "The Novartis ADHD product portfolio includes Ritalin, Ritalin SR, and Focalin (TM), a refined formulation of Ritalin. Celgene Corporation...granted Novartis Pharma AG an exclusive worldwide (excluding Canada) license covering its intellectual property rights associated with Focalin as well as Ritalin LA, a once-daily form of Ritalin that is currently under review at the FDA. Pursuant to an agreement between Novartis Pharma AG and Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation markets Focalin in the U.S." http://ir.celgene.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=111960&p=irol-newsArticle_Print&ID=299406&highlight=Novartis and Procter & Gamble - Enablex™ - Novartis acquired Enablex, known as Emselex in Europe, from Pfizer.  Prior to the Novartis-P&G arrangement, Novartis was marketing the drug, used to treat incontinence, exclusively in the U.S.  Their marketing collaboration with P&G was intended to increase their force in the worldwide market, estimated by the Pharmaceutical Business Review  at $1.5 billion.  Enablex is predicted to corner 25% of this market in its peak year. http://www.pharmaceutical-business-review.com/article_feature.asp?guid=DF70D126-8E06-4E93-84FB-04DBB716D888 Novartis and Schering-Plough - Asmanex/Foradil - In April 2003 Novartis and Schering-Plough agreed to jointly develop and market a combination of Asmanex® (mometasone furoate) and Foradil® (formoterol fumarate) for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).  Schering-Plough previously held exclusive marketing and distribution rights to Novartis' Foradil Aeroizer®.  According to Medical News Today, "Novartis and Schering-Plough will share the costs of developing the indacaterol-mometasone combination product. No initial payments will be made by either party." http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/50031.php Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb  Strategic Alliance for Zelmac™ - This collaboration included two Bristol-Myers Squibb biologics still in development and, according to Bristol-Myers Squibb, "the combined Novartis and Bristol-Myers Squibb field force effort will focus on establishing Zelmac's therapeutic value among physicians." - Oct. 18, 2000.Selected Joint Ventures, Partnerships, and Alliances with Small Pharma Novartis and Intercell alliance - in July 2007, according to Forbes, "Novartis AG...is improving its vaccines pipeline through a strategic alliance with Intercell which will give Novartis access to more than 10 Intercell projects in pre-clinical and early-stage development...for an upfront payment of 270 million euro including equity investment." – http://www.forbes.com/business/feeds/afx/2007/07/02/afx3875660.html Novartis and Alnylam alliance to discover RNAi therapeutics. in February 2006 Alnylam entered this $700 million collaboration with Novartis for the discovery of therapeutics based on RNA.  According to Medical News Today, "The two companies already have a multi-year alliance signed in September 2005 that is focused on the discovery of innovative therapeutics based on RNAi across multiple disease areas in the Novartis research portfolio." http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/38420.phpNovartis and Infinity - In January 2005, Novartis reported that it would enter into an R&D collaboration with Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc. to jointly design a collection of novel small molecules, which would be synthesized by Infinity.  According to Novartis, "Under the agreement, Novartis has made a significant equity investment in Infinity and will pay additional fees expected to exceed $10M over the course of the two year agreement. The Novartis Venture Fund has previously invested in Infinity." - http://nibr.novartis.com/News/Archive/010505_Infinity_deal.shtmlNovartis and Idenix Pharmaceuticals entered into an $862 million strategic alliance to developing and co-promote its hepatitis B and hepatitis C product candidates. The agreement provides that Novartis and Idenix will co-promote in the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom. Novartis holds the exclusive license to these product candidates in the rest of the world.  In 2003, Novartis purchased a majority share of Idenix.Collaborations with UniversitiesIn October 2004, Novartis and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard announced a collaboration to uncover a genetic basis for type 2 diabetes.  All data derived from the collaboration was to be placed in public domain to speed drug discovery and development.The 1998 deal between Novartis and the University of California at Berkeley, a $25 million, five-year agreement is considered a turning point in the private-public collaborations between big pharma and universities.  The UNESCO Courier  reports that, "For the first time, the work of an entire university department, not just that of its individual members contracting in dependently, was to be underwritten by a multinational company, with interests in health care, agribusiness and nutrition." http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1310/is_2001_Nov/ai_80865225 

‹ KEI opposition to Ticketmaster/Live Nation merger 
up
Sanofi-Aventis (SNY): Select Joint Ventures, Partnerships, and Alliances ›




Printer-friendly version
Send by email













User login 

Log in using OpenID: 

What is OpenID?


Username: *



Password: *






Log in using OpenID
Cancel OpenID login
Request new password




WASHINGTON 1621 Connecticut Ave. NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20009 /TEL: +1.202.332.2670 · FAX +1.202.332.2673   GENEVE 1 Route des Morillons, CP 2100, 1211 Genève 2, Switzerland TEL: +41.22.791.6727
THEME DESIGN Copyright © 2009 under GPL by Tribute Media. Site Powered by Drupal.



 






















 



 Continental Resources Enters Into Joint Venture With SK E&S Of South Korea To Develop Northwest 
         










    










 






 











 









Continental Resources Enters Into Joint Venture With SK E&S Of South Korea To Develop Northwest Cana Woodford Shale

Oct 27, 2014, 07:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Continental Resources 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




 


 

 




 





 


OKLAHOMA CITY, Oct. 27, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Continental Resources, Inc. ("Continental" or the "Company") (NYSE:   CLR) announced today it has formed a joint venture with a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of SK E&S Co. Ltd ("SK") to jointly develop a significant portion of Continental's Northwest Cana Woodford natural gas assets, primarily in Blaine and Dewey counties, Oklahoma. SK E&S is a subsidiary of SK Group, one of the largest conglomerates in South Korea and part of SK Holdings, a Fortune Global 100 company.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120327/DA76602LOGO 
Continental sold a 49.9% interest in approximately 44,000 net acres in the highly prospective Northwest Cana area of the Anadarko Woodford Shale play, including interests in 37 producing wells, for total consideration of approximately $360 million. Continental received $90 million at closing, and SK has committed to pay an additional $270 million to carry 50% of Continental's remaining share of future drilling and completion costs (the "carry"). Continental anticipates no change in its 2014 and 2015 capital expenditures, its production mix of crude oil and natural gas, or its overall production targets as a result of this agreement. 
"We are excited to establish this joint venture with such an established and highly regarded major international energy company," said Harold G. Hamm, Continental's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "We are proud SK has chosen to join with Continental in SK's initial investment in U.S. shale natural gas."
J. J. Yu, President and Chief Executive Officer of SK E&S, said, "SK E&S is pleased to join with Continental Resources, a proven leader in developing U.S. unconventional resource plays, in what we expect will be a long-term strategic relationship in energy production."
Continental and SK have entered into a joint development agreement ("JDA") under which Continental has five years to utilize the carry, subject to extension under certain circumstances. The JDA also establishes an area of mutual interest ("AMI") in Northwest Cana and certain incentives for the joint venture to expand its leasehold position. Continental will be the operator for all current and future wells that are operated by the joint venture. The Company plans to commence drilling in the AMI during November 2014, with four operated rigs running by the end of the year.
"This joint venture is consistent with our strategy to enhance the value of all our assets," said Jack H. Stark, Continental's President and Chief Operating Officer. "The structure creates a joint venture that we expect will be cash flow positive for Continental throughout the life of the project and should deliver single-well economics that compete with any other wells in our world-class inventory when the carry is applied."
"Our agreement with Continental underscores SK's 20-plus year commitment to the U.S. market as a platform for the globalization of our energy business and as a source of value-creation for stakeholders in both companies," said Shaun Parvez, President of SK E&S Americas.
About Continental Resources 
Continental Resources (NYSE:   CLR) is a Top 10 independent oil producer in the United States. Based in Oklahoma City, Continental is the largest leaseholder and producer in the nation's premier oil field, the Bakken play of North Dakota and Montana. The Company also has significant positions in Oklahoma, including its SCOOP play and the Northwest Cana play. With a focus on the exploration and production of oil, Continental is on a mission to unlock the technology and resources vital to American energy independence. In 2014, the Company will celebrate 47 years of operation. For more information, please visit www.CLR.com.
About SK E&S, SK Group and SK Holdings
SK E&S, an affiliate of SK Group, is Korea's leading energy service provider, engaged in city gas, district heating, gas-fueled electricity generation, and LNG businesses. SK Group, one of the largest conglomerates in Korea, is composed of 81 affiliate companies sharing the SK brand and culture. While SK Group is primarily involved in the chemical, petroleum and energy industries, it also owns Korea's largest wireless operator, SK Telecom, and the world's second largest memory semiconductor manufacturer, SK Hynix. SK Holdings, the parent company of SK Group, ranked 64th in the 2013 Fortune Global 500. For more information, please visit www.skens.com. 
Cautionary Statement for the Purpose of the "Safe Harbor" Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements included in this press release other than statements of historical fact, including, but not limited to, statements or information concerning the Company's future operations, performance, financial condition, production and reserves, schedules, plans, timing of development, returns, budgets, costs, business strategy, objectives, and cash flow, are forward-looking statements. When used in this press release, the words "could," "may," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "project," "budget," "plan," "continue," "potential," "guidance," "strategy," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and assumptions about future events and currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable and based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that such expectations will be correct or achieved or that the assumptions are accurate. When considering forward-looking statements, readers should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, registration statements and other reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and other announcements the Company makes from time to time.
The Company cautions readers these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the Company's control, incident to the exploration for, and development, production, and sale of, crude oil and natural gas. These risks include, but are not limited to, commodity price volatility, inflation, lack of availability of drilling, completion and production equipment and services and transportation infrastructure, environmental risks, drilling and other operating risks, lack of availability and security of computer-based systems, regulatory changes, the uncertainty inherent in estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves and in projecting future rates of production, cash flows and access to capital, the timing of development expenditures, and the other risks described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, registration statements and other reports filed from time to time with the SEC, and other announcements the Company makes from time to time.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this press release occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company's actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that the Company, or persons acting on its behalf, may make.
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Company disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release.



Investor Contact:












Media Contact:



John J. Kilgallon












Kristin Miskovsky 



Vice President, Investor Relations












Vice President, Public Relations



405-234-9330












405-234-9480



John.Kilgallon@CLR.com












Kristin.Miskovsky@CLR.com

 
 SOURCE  Continental Resources  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.clr.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Nov 05, 2014, 16:11 ET
Preview: Continental Resources Reports Third Quarter 2014 Results




















Oct 23, 2014, 07:00 ET
Preview: Continental Resources Completes Four New Springer Oil Wells In Oklahoma's SCOOP Play








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Apr 03, 2017, 16:15 ET
Continental Resources To Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results On...














Apr 03, 2017, 16:15 ET
Continental Resources Reports First Quarter 2017 Results














Apr 03, 2017, 16:15 ET
Continental Resources To Announce First Quarter 2017 Results On...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 