

	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















Risk Management Introduction with Howard Marks





Watch Video















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/27/2017

Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations












	People
































































Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners


Investment Professionals


Marketing and Client Relations


Corporate











Home/ People



People



RELATED LINKS


Our people are guided by our business principles and investment philosophy.


We invest and serve clients globally through offices located in 18 cities in 13 countries.




Oaktree's people — located in offices around the world — have the shared values and complementary skills that lead to our success as a firm. All members of our team, no matter what their roles, work together in accordance with our business principles and our investment philosophy and have a vested interest in our success. This commitment is reflected by the fact that our personnel tend to stay with our firm over the long term.


Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners
Investment Professionals
Marketing and Client Relations
Corporate













	Memos from Howard Marks




































































Memos from Howard Marks


Oaktree Insights


Videos







Archived Memos








2017








Lines in the Sand







Expert Opinion








2016








Go Figure!







Implications of the Election







Political Reality







Economic Reality







What Does the Market Know?







On the Couch








2015








Inspiration from the World of Sports







It’s not Easy







Risk Revisited Again







Liquidity








2014








The Lessons of Oil







Risk Revisited







Dare to Be Great II







Getting Lucky








2013








The Race Is On







The Role of Confidence







The Outlook For Equities







High Yield Bonds Today







Ditto








2012








A Fresh Start (Hopefully)







On Uncertain Ground







It's All A Big Mistake







Déjà Vu All Over Again







Assessing Performance Records A Case Study







What Can We Do For You?








2011








It's All Very Taxing







What's Behind the Downturn?







Down to the Wire







How Quickly They Forget







On Regulation








2010








Open and Shut







All That Glitters







Hemlines







It’s Greek to Me







Warning Flags







I’d Rather Be Wrong







Tell Me I’m Wrong








2009








Touchstones







So Much That’s False and Nutty







Will It Work?







The Long View








2008








Volatility + Leverage = Dynamite







The Limits to Negativism







Nobody Knows







Plan B







What Worries Me







Doesn’t Make Sense







The Aviary







The Tide Goes Out







Whodunit







Now What?








2007








No Different This Time – The Lessons of ‘07







Now It’s All Bad?







It’s All Good







It’s All Good . . . Really?







Everyone Knows







The Race to the Bottom








2006








Pigweed







The New Paradigm







Dare to Be Great







You Can’t Eat IRR







Returns, Absolute Returns and Risk







It Is What It Is







Risk








2005








Hindsight First, Please (or, What Were They Thinking?)







A Case in Point







There They Go Again







Oaktree at Ten








2004








Hedge Funds: A Case for Caution







Risk and Return Today







The Happy Medium







Us and Them







Hey, Steward!!








2003








The Feeling's Mutual







What’s Your Game Plan?







The Most Important Thing







What's Going On?







Whad’Ya Know?








2002








Returns and How They Get That Way







Etorre's Wisdom







Quo Vadis?







The Realist's Creed







Learning From Enron








2001








You Can't Predict. You Can Prepare.







What Lies Ahead?







Notes from New York







What's It All About, Alpha?







Safety First . . . But Where?








2000








We're Not In 1999 Anymore, Toto







Investment Miscellany







Irrational Exuberance







bubble.com








1999








How's the Market?








1998








Genius Isn't Enough (and Other Lessons from Long-Term Capital Management)







Who Knew?








1996








Will It Be Different This Time?







The Value of Predictions II (or "Give That Man a Cigar")








1995








How the Game Should Be Played








1994








"How Does an Inefficient Market Get That Way?"







"Risk in Today's Markets" Revisited







Risk in Today's Markets







Random Thoughts on the Identification of Investment Opportunities








1993








The Value of Predictions, or Where'd All This Rain Come From?








1992








Microeconomics 101: Supply, Demand and Convertibles








1991








First Quarter Performance








1990








The Route to Performance

















Home/ Insights/ Memos from Howard Marks







Subscribe to receive an email notification when a new memo is posted


 There They Go Again...Again  


 Watch Video  

Memo to
Oaktree Clients


From
Howard Marks


Re
There They Go Again...Again



Latest memo from Howard Marks: There They Go Again...Again





Some of the memos I’m happiest about having written came at times when bullish trends went too far, risk aversion disappeared and bubbles inflated.  The first and best example is probably “bubble.com,” which raised questions about Internet and e-commerce stocks on the first business day of 2000.  As I tell it, after ten years without a single response, that one made my memo writing an overnight success.  
 
Another was “The Race to the Bottom” (February 2007), which talked about the mindless shouldering of risk that takes place when investors are eager to put money to work.  Both of those memos raised doubts about investment trends that soon turned out to have been big mistakes.
 
Those are only two of the many cautionary memos I’ve written over the years.  In the last cycle, they started coming two years before “The Race to the Bottom” and included “There They Go Again” (the inspiration for this memo’s title), “Hindsight First, Please,” “Everyone Knows” and “It’s All Good.”  When I wrote them, they appeared to be wrong for a while.  It took time before they were shown to have been right, and just too early.  
 
The memos that have raised yellow flags in the current up-cycle, starting with “How Quickly They Forget” in 2011 and including “On Uncertain Ground,” “Ditto,” and “The Race Is On,” also clearly were early, but so far they’re not right (and in fact, when you’re early by six or more years, it’s not clear you can ever be described as having been right).  Since I’ve written so many cautionary memos, you might conclude that I’m just a born worrier who eventually is made to be right by the operation of the cycle, as is inevitable given enough time.  I absolutely cannot disprove that interpretation.  But my response would be that it’s essential to take note when sentiment (and thus market behavior) crosses into too-bullish territory, even though we know rising trends may well roll on for some time, and thus that such warnings are often premature.  I think it’s better to turn cautious too soon (and thus perhaps underperform for a while) rather than too late, after the downslide has begun, making it hard to trim risk, achieve exits and cut losses.
 
Since I’m convinced “they” are at it again – engaging in willing risk-taking, funding risky deals and creating risky market conditions – it’s time for yet another cautionary memo.  Too soon?  I hope so; we’d rather make money for our clients in the next year or two than see the kind of bust that gives rise to bargains.  (We all want there to be bargains, but no one’s eager to endure the price declines that create them.)  Since we never know when risky behavior will bring on a market correction, I’m going to issue a warning today rather than wait until one is upon us.
 
I’m in the process of writing another book, going into great depth regarding one of the most important things discussed in my book The Most Important Thing: cycles, their causes, and what to do about them.  It will be out next year, but this memo will give you a preview regarding one of the most important cyclical phenomena.
 
Before starting in, I want to apologize for the length of this memo, almost double the norm.  First, the topic is wide-ranging – so much so that when I sat down to write, I found the task daunting.  Second, my recent vacation gave me the luxury of time for writing.  Believe it or not, I’ve cut what I could.  I think what remains is essential.


 Today’s Investment Environment
Because I don’t intend this to be a “macro memo,” incorporating a thorough review of the economic and market environment, I’ll merely reference what I think are the four most noteworthy components of current conditions:
 


The uncertainties are unusual in terms of number, scale and insolubility in areas including secular economic growth; the impact of central banks; interest rates and inflation; political dysfunction; geopolitical trouble spots; and the long-term impact of technology.


 


In the vast majority of asset classes, prospective returns are just about the lowest they’ve ever been.
    
 

Asset prices are high across the board.  Almost nothing can be bought below its intrinsic value, and there are few bargains.In general the best we can do is look for things that are less over-priced than others.
    
 

Pro-risk behavior is commonplace, as the majority of investors embrace increased risk as the route to the returns they want or need.



 
Ditto
In January 2013, I wrote a memo entitled “Ditto.”  Its thrust was that (a) history tends to repeat, (b) thus my memos often return to the same topics and (c) if I’ve handled them well in the past, rather than re-invent the wheel, I might as well borrow from what I’ve written before.  Ergo, “ditto.”
 
Few topics are more susceptible to this treatment than the process through which (a) investment fundamentals fluctuate cyclically; (b) investors overreact to the fluctuations; (c) the level of risk aversion incorporated in investor behavior fluctuates between excessive and inadequate; and thus (d) market conditions swing from depressed to elevated and treacherous.  Here’s how I summed up on this topic in “There They Go Again” (May 2005):
 
Given today’s paucity of prospective return at the low-risk end of the spectrum and the solutions being ballyhooed at the high-risk end, many investors are moving capital to riskier (or at least less traditional) investments.  But (a) they’re making those riskier investments just when the prospective returns on those investments are the lowest they’ve ever been; (b) they’re accepting return increments for stepping up in risk that are as slim as they’ve ever been; and (c) they’re signing up today for things they turned down (or did less of) in the past, when the prospective returns were much higher.  This may be exactly the wrong time to add to risk in pursuit of more return.  You want to take risk when others are fleeing from it, not when they’re competing with you to do so. 
 
Do you see any differences between then and now?  Is there any need to redo this description?  Not for me; I think “ditto” will suffice.  I’ll simply go on to borrow the conclusion from “The Race to the Bottom” (February 2007):
 
Today’s financial market conditions are easily summed up:  There’s a global glut of liquidity, minimal interest in traditional investments, little apparent concern about risk, and skimpy prospective returns everywhere.  Thus, as the price for accessing returns that are potentially adequate (but lower than those promised in the past), investors are readily accepting significant risk in the form of heightened leverage, untested derivatives and weak deal structures.  The current cycle isn’t unusual in its form, only its extent.  There’s little mystery about the ultimate outcome, in my opinion, but at this point in the cycle it’s the optimists who look best. 





The Seeds for a Boom
My son Andrew worked extensively with me in preparing this memo.  We particularly enjoyed making a list of the elements that typically form the foundation for a bull market, boom or bubble.  We concluded that some or all of the following are necessary conditions.  A few will give us a bull market.  All of them together will deliver a boom or bubble:
 


A benign environment – good results lull investors into complacency, as they get used to having their positive expectations rewarded.Gains in the recent past encourage the heated pursuit of further gains in the future (rather than suggest that past gains might have borrowed from future gains).
A grain of truth – the story supporting a boom isn’t created out of whole cloth; it generally coalesces around something real.The seed usually isn’t imaginary, just eventually overblown.
Early success – the gains enjoyed by the “wise man in the beginning” – the first to seize upon the grain of truth – tends to attract “the fool in the end” who jumps in too late.
More money than ideas – when capital is in oversupply, it is inevitable that risk aversion dries up, gullibility expands, and investment standards are relaxed.
Willing suspension of disbelief – the quest for gain overcomes prudence and deference to history.Everyone concludes “this time it’s different.”No story is too good to be true.
Rejection of valuation norms – all we hear is, “the asset is so great: there’s no price too high.”Buying into a fad regardless of price is the absolute hallmark of a bubble.
The pursuit of the new – old timers fare worst in a boom, with the gains going disproportionately to those who are untrammeled by knowledge of the past and thus able to buy into an entirely new future.
The virtuous circle – no one can see any end to the potential of the underlying truth or how high it can push the prices of related assets.It’s broadly accepted that trees can grow to the sky: “It can only go up.Nothing can stop it.”Certainly no one can picture things taking a turn for the worse.
Fear of missing out – when all the above becomes widespread, optimism prevails and no one can imagine a glitch.That causes most people to conclude that the greatest potential error lies in failing to participate in the current market darling.


 
Certainly many of the things listed above are in play today.  Performance has been good – with minor exceptions, quickly rectified – since the beginning of 2009 (that’s more than eight years).  There’s certainly more money around these days than high-return possibilities.  “New ideas” are readily accepted, and some things are viewed as representing virtuous circles.  
 
On the other hand, some of the usual ingredients are missing.  Most people (a) are conscious of the uncertainties listed above, (b) recognize that prospective returns are quite skimpy, and (c) accept that things are unlikely to go well forever.  That’s all healthy.
 
But on the third hand, most people can’t think of what might cause trouble anytime soon.  But it’s precisely when people can’t see what it is that could make things turn down that risk is highest, since they tend not to price in risks they can’t see.  With the negative catalyst so elusive and the return on cash at punitive levels, people worry more about being underinvested or bearing too little risk (and thus earning too low a return in good markets) than they do about losing money.  
 
This combination of elements presents today’s investors with a highly challenging environment.  The result is a world in which assets have appreciated significantly, risk aversion is low, and propositions are accepted that would be questioned if investors were more wary.   
 
Most of what remains for the meat of this memo will consist of descriptions of things afoot in the markets today.  They are intended – as usual with my memos – to be anecdotal and thought-provoking, not complete and scientific.  Think about how many of the things listed above you see in the examples that follow.

 
U.S. Equities
The good news is that the U.S. economy is the envy of the world, with the highest growth rate among developed nations and a slowdown unlikely in the near term.  The bad news is that this status generates demand for U.S. equities that has raised their prices to lofty levels.
 


The S&P 500 is selling at 25 times trailing-twelve-month earnings, compared to a long-term median of 15.
The Shiller Cyclically Adjusted PE Ratio stands at almost 30 versus a historic median of 16.  This multiple was exceeded only in 1929 and 2000 – both clearly bubbles.
While the “p” in p/e ratios is high today, the “e” has probably been inflated by cost cutting, stock buybacks, and merger and acquisition activity.  Thus today’s reported valuations, while high, may actually be understated relative to underlying profits.
The “Buffett Yardstick” – total U.S. stock market capitalization as a percentage of GDP – is immune to company-level accounting issues (although it isn’t perfect either).  It hit a new all-time high last month of around 145, as opposed to a 1970-95 norm of about 60 and a 1995-2017 median of about 100.
Finally, it can be argued that even the normal historic valuations aren’t merited, since economic growth may be slower in the coming years than it was in the post-World War II period when those norms were established.


 
The thing that is clearest is that the low Fed-mandated short-term interest rates make high valuations seem reasonable.  When yields are low on fixed income instruments, low earnings yields on equities (that is, low e/p ratios, which equate to high p/e ratios) seem justified.  As Buffett said in February, “Measured against interest rates, stocks actually are on the cheap side compared to historic valuations.”
 
But he went on to say, “. . . the risk always is that interest rates go up a lot, and that brings stocks down.”  Are you happy counting on continued low interest rates for your investment security, especially at a time when the Fed has embarked upon a series of rate increases?  And if interest rates do remain low for several more years, isn’t it likely to be as a result of a lack of vigor in the economy, which would likely cause earnings growth to be sluggish?
 

VIX
The value of an option contract is largely a function of the volatility of the asset under option.  For example, the owner of a “call” has the right – but not the obligation – to buy something at a fixed “strike price.”  Thus he should hope the asset will be volatile: if its price rises a lot, he can buy at the strike price and sell at the new, higher price, locking in a profit.  And what if it goes down a lot?  No matter; he isn’t obligated to buy.
 
Thus the expected volatility of the underlying asset is a key ingredient in determining the proper price for an option.  For example, everything else being equal, the more volatile an asset is expected to be, the more the buyer of a call should be willing to pay for it (since he participates in the gains but not the losses) and the more the seller of a call should charge for it (since he is forgoing upside potential but retaining downside risk).  This is reflected through option-pricing formulas such as the Black-Scholes Model.  
 
The formulas can also be used backwards.  Starting with the option price, you can figure out what level of volatility the buyers and sellers are anticipating.  Thus, ever since 1990, the Chicago Board Options Exchange has published the CBOE Volatility Index, or “VIX,” showing how volatile investors in options on the S&P 500 expect it to be over the next 30 days.  The attention paid to the VIX has increased in recent years, and it has come to be called the “complacency index” or the “investor fear gauge.”  When the VIX is low, investors are pricing in stable, tranquil markets, and when it’s high they’re anticipating major ups and downs.
 
The bottom line is that last week’s VIX was the lowest in its 27-year history – matching a level seen only once before.  The index was last this low when Bill Clinton took office in 1993, at a time when there was peace in the world, faster economic growth and a much smaller deficit.  Should people really be as complacent now as they were then?
 
What’s the significance of the VIX, anyway?  Most importantly, it doesn’t say what volatility will be, only what investors think volatility will be.  Thus it’s primarily an indicator of investor sentiment.  In “Expert Opinion” I quoted Warren Buffett as having said, “Forecasts usually tell us more of the forecaster than of the future.”  In a similar way, the VIX tells us more about people’s mood today than it does about volatility tomorrow.
 
All we really know is that implied volatility expectations are low today.  As with most things in investing, the VIX can be subject to multiple interpretations.  As Business Insider wrote on July 18:
 
While alarmists may view this [low level of VIX] as a negative — a signal that complacency has made traders vulnerable to an unforeseen shock — many investors simply see it as a byproduct of conditions ideal for stocks to continue edging higher.
 
I would add one last thing: people extrapolate.  So when volatility has been low, they tend to assume it will be low and build that assumption into the prices for options and assets.  The two are not the same. 
 

Super-Stocks
Bull markets are often marked by the anointment of a single group of stocks as “the greatest,” and the attractive legend surrounding this group is among the factors that support the bull move.  When taken to the extreme – as it invariably is – this phenomenon satisfies some of the elements in a boom listed on page four, including: 
 


trust in a virtuous circle incapable of being interrupted; 
conviction that, given the companies’ fundamental merit, there’s no price too high for their stocks; and 
the willing suspension of disbelief that allows investors to extrapolate these positive views to infinity. 


 
In the current iteration, these attributes are being applied to a small group of tech-based companies, which are typified by “the FAANGs”: Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google (now renamed Alphabet).  They all sport great business models and unchallenged leadership in their markets.  Most importantly, they’re viewed as having captured the future and thus as sure to be winners in the years to come.
 
True as far as it goes . . . just as it appeared to be true of the Nifty-Fifty in the 1960s, oil stocks in the ’70s, disk drive companies in the ’80s, and tech/media/telecom in the late ’90s.  But in each of those cases:
 


the environment changed in unforeseen ways,
it turned out that the newness of the business model had hidden its flaws,
competition arose,
excellence in the concept gave rise to weaknesses in execution, and/or
it was shown that even great fundamentals can become overpriced and thus give way to massive losses.


 
The FAANGs are truly great companies, growing rapidly and trouncing the competition (where it exists).  But some are doing so without much profitability, and for others profits are growing slower than revenues.  Some of them doubtless will be the great companies of tomorrow.  But will they all?  Are they invincible, and is their success truly inevitable?
 
The prices investors are paying for these stocks generally represent 30 or more years of the companies' current earnings. There are clear reasons to be excited about their growth in the near term, but what about the durability of earnings over the long term, where much of the value in a high-multiple stock necessarily lies?  Andrew points out that the iPhone is just ten years old, and twenty years ago the Internet wasn't in widespread use.  That raises the question of whether investors in technology can really see the future, and thus how happy they should be paying prices that incorporate optimistic assumptions regarding long-term earnings power.  Of course, this may just mean the best is yet to come for these fairly young companies.


Here’s a passage from one company’s 1997 letter to shareholders:
 
We established long-term relationships with many important strategic partners, including America Online, Yahoo!, Excite, Netscape, GeoCities, AltaVista, @Home, and Prodigy.
 
How many of these “important strategic partners” still exist in a meaningful way today (leaving aside the question of whether they’re important or strategic)?  The answer is zero (unless you believe Yahoo! satisfies the criteria, in which case the answer is one).  The source of the citation is Amazon’s 1997 annual report, and the bottom line is that the future is unpredictable, and nothing and no company is immune to glitches.
 
The super-stocks that lead a bull market inevitably become priced for perfection.  And in many cases the companies’ perfection turns out eventually to be either illusory or ephemeral.  Some of the “can’t lose” companies of the Nifty-Fifty were ultimately crippled by massive changes in their markets, including Kodak, Polaroid, Xerox, Sears and Simplicity Pattern (do you see many people sewing their own clothes these days?).  Not only did the perfection that investors had paid for evaporate, but even the successful companies’ stock prices reverted to more-normal valuation multiples, resulting in sub-par equity returns.  
 
The powerful multiple expansion that makes a small number of stocks the leaders in a bull market is often reversed in the correction that follows, saddling them with the biggest losses.  But when the mood is positive and things are going well, the likelihood of such a development is easily overlooked.
 
Finally, a rationale often arises to the effect that, thanks to market technicals, investors’ powerful buying of the leading stocks is sure to continue non-stop, meaning they can’t help but remain the best performers.  In the tech bubble of the late 1990’s, for example, investors concluded that:
 


stocks were doing so well that they would continue to attract capital,
since tech companies and tech stocks were the best performers, they were sure to continue attracting a disproportionate share of the new buying,
the superior performance of the tech stocks would cause more of them to be added to the stock indices,
this would require index funds and closet indexers to direct a rising share of their buying to tech stocks,
in order to keep up with the returns on the indices, benchmark-conscious active managers would have to respond by increasing their tech stock holdings, and,
thus tech stocks couldn’t fail to attract an ever-rising share of buying, and were sure to keep outperforming.


 
You can call this a virtuous circle or a perpetual motion machine.  It’s the kind of thing that fires investors’ imaginations in a bull market.  But the logic that says it will work forever always collapses, sometimes just under its own weight, as was the case in 2000.
 
Many of the most important considerations in investing are counterintuitive.  One of those is the ability to understand that no market, niche or group is likely to outperform the others forever.  Given human nature, “the best” will always come eventually to be overpriced, even for their stellar fundamentals.  Thus even if the fundamentals hold up, the stocks’ performance from those too-high prices will become ordinary.  And if they turn out not really to have been the best – or if their business falters – the combination of fundamental decline and multiple contraction can be really painful.
 
I’m not saying the FAANGs aren’t great, or that they’ll suffer such a fate.  Just that their elevated status today is a sign of the kind of investor optimism for which we must be on the lookout.


Passive Investing/ETFs
Fifty years ago, shortly after arriving at the University of Chicago for graduate school, I was taught that thanks to market efficiency, (a) assets are priced to provide fair risk-adjusted returns and (b) no one can consistently find the exceptions.  In other words, “you can’t beat the market.”  Our professors even advanced the idea of buying a little bit of each stock as a can’t-fail, low-cost way to outperform the stock-pickers.
 
John Bogle put that suggestion into practice.  Having founded Vanguard a year earlier, he launched the First Index Investment Trust in 1975, the first index fund to reach commercial scale.  As a vehicle designed to emulate the S&P 500, it was later renamed the Vanguard 500 Index Fund.
 
The concept of indexation, or passive investing, grew gradually over the next four decades, until it accounted for 20% of equity mutual fund assets in 2014.  Given the generally lagging performance of active managers over the last dozen or so years, as well as the creation of ETFs, or exchange-traded funds, which make transacting simpler, the shift from active to passive investing has accelerated.  Today it’s a powerful movement that has expanded to cover 37% of equity fund assets.  In the last ten years, $1.4 trillion has flowed into index mutual funds and ETFs (and $1.2 trillion out of actively managed mutual funds).
 
Like all investment fashions, passive investing is being warmly embraced for its positives:
 


Passive portfolios have outperformed active investing over the last decade or so.
With passive investing you’re guaranteed not to underperform the index.
Finally, the much lower fees and expenses on passive vehicles are certain to constitute a permanent advantage relative to active management.


 
Does that mean passive investing, index funds and ETFs are a no-lose proposition?  Certainly not:
 


While passive investors protect against the risk of underperforming, they also surrender the possibility of outperforming.
The recent underperformance on the part of active investors may well prove to be cyclical rather than permanent.
As a product of the last several years, ETFs’ promise of liquidity has yet to be tested in a major bear market, particularly in less-liquid fields like high yield bonds.


 
Here are a few more things worth thinking about:
 
Remember, the wisdom of passive investing stems from the belief that the efforts of active investors cause assets to be fairly priced – that’s why there are no bargains to find.  But what happens when the majority of equity investment comes to be managed passively?  Then prices will be freer to diverge from “fair,” and bargains (and over-pricings) should become more commonplace.  This won’t assure success for active managers, but certainly it will satisfy a necessary condition for their efforts to be effective.
 
One of my clients, the chief investment officer of a pension fund, told me the treasurer had proposed dumping all active managers and putting the whole fund into index funds and ETFs.  My response was simple: ask him how much of the fund he’s comfortable having in assets no one is analyzing.  
 
As Steven Bregman of Horizon Kinetics puts it, “basket-based mechanistic investing” is blindly moving trillions of dollars.  ETFs don’t have fundamental analysts, and because they don’t question valuations, they don’t contribute to price discovery.  Not only is the number of active managers’ analysts likely to decline if more money is shifted to passive investing, but people should also wonder about who’s setting the rules that govern passive funds’ portfolio construction.
 
The low fees and expenses that make passive investments attractive mean their organizers have to emphasize scale.  To earn higher fees than index funds and achieve profitable scale, ETF sponsors have been turning to “smarter,” not-exactly-passive vehicles.  Thus ETFs have been organized to meet (or create) demand for funds in specialized areas such as various stock categories (value or growth), stock characteristics (low volatility or high quality), types of companies, or geographies.  There are passive ETFs for people who want growth, value, high quality, low volatility and momentum.  Going to the extreme, investors now can choose from funds that invest passively in companies that have gender-diverse senior management, practice “biblically responsible investing,” or focus on medical marijuana, solutions to obesity, serving millennials, and whiskey and spirits.  
 
But what does “passive” mean when a vehicle’s focus is so narrowly defined?  Each deviation from the broad indices introduces definitional issues and non-passive, discretionary decisions.  Passive funds that emphasize stocks reflecting specific factors are called “smart-beta funds,” but who can say the people setting their selection rules are any smarter than the active managers who are so disrespected these days?  Bregman calls this “semantic investing,” meaning stocks are chosen on the basis of labels, not quantitative analysis.  There are no absolute standards for which stocks represent many of the characteristics listed above.  
 
Importantly, organizers wanting their “smart” products to reach commercial scale are likely to rely heavily on the largest-capitalization, most-liquid stocks.  For example, having Apple in your ETF allows it to get really big.  Thus Apple is included today in ETFs emphasizing tech, growth, value, momentum, large-caps, high quality, low volatility, dividends, and leverage.  
 
Here’s what Barron’s had to say earlier this month:
 
With cap-weighted indexes, index buyers have no discretion but to load up on stocks that are already overweight (and often pricey) and neglect those already underweight.  That’s the opposite of buy low, sell high.
 
The large positions occupied by the top recent performers – with their swollen market caps – mean that as ETFs attract capital, they have to buy large amounts of these stocks, further fueling their rise.  Thus, in the current up-cycle, over-weighted, liquid, large-cap stocks have benefitted from forced buying on the part of passive vehicles, which don’t have the option to refrain from buying a stock just because its overpriced.  
 
Like the tech stocks in 2000, this seeming perpetual motion machine is unlikely to work forever.  If funds ever flow out of equities and thus ETFs, what has been disproportionately bought will have to be disproportionately sold.  It’s not clear where index funds and ETFs will find buyers for their over-weighted, highly appreciated holdings if they have to sell in a crunch.  In this way, appreciation that was driven by passive buying is likely to eventually turn out to be rotational, not perpetual. 
 
Finally, the systemic risks to the stock market have to be considered.  Bregman calls “the index universe a big, crowded momentum trade.”  A handful of stocks – the FAANGs and a few more – are responsible for a rising percentage of the S&P’s gains, meaning the stock market’s health may be overstated.  
 
All the above factors raise questions about the likely effectiveness of passive vehicles – and especially smart-beta ETFs.  
 


Is Apple a safe stock or a stock that has performed well of late?  Is anyone thinking about the difference?
Are investors who invest in a number of passive vehicles described in different ways likely to achieve the diversification, liquidity and safety they expect?
And what should we think about the willingness of investors to turn over their capital to a process in which neither individual holdings nor portfolio construction is the subject of thoughtful analysis and decision-making, and in which buying takes place regardless of price?


 

Credit 
Corporate debt instruments are good candidates for spotting bull-market behavior given that (unlike equities, for example), we can readily determine their prospective returns.  We know that, as described in “The Race to the Bottom,” in overpopulated markets providers of credit compete to make loans and investments that embody low returns, weak structures and slender margins of safety.  
 
Whatever the level of fundamental risk, sometimes the reward for bearing it is demonstrably inadequate, and sometimes it is highly excessive.  It’s an over-simplification, but sometimes I think we could base our strategic decisions almost exclusively on the relationship between risk in the market and investors’ willingness to bear it.
 
It’s very helpful to know – and a lot of my new book will be about – where we stand in that swing.  In that regard, I’ll remind you that “The Race to the Bottom” was prompted by a Financial Times article about U.K. banks’ willingness to compete for mortgage business by increasing the multiple of annual income they would lend.  Earlier this month, ironically, I read the following in another London newspaper, the Daily Mail:
 
In a chilling echo of the sub-prime mortgage crisis of 2007, car finance firms packaged and sold £5.5 billion of risky loan debt to investors last year – twice as much as the year before.
 
Such eagerness to finance low-quality loans will always be a sign of elevated, over-financed, risk-oblivious credit markets.  At the late-2008 trough of the financial crisis, high yield bonds and leveraged loans yielded almost 2,000 basis points more than comparable Treasurys, meaning anyone who bought and held couldn’t really lose.  Then, as investors recovered their equilibrium and bought, prices rose and the yield spread contracted.  Now the spread is merely average relative to history – a few hundred basis points.  The net yields on these securities are still highly likely to be well in excess of those on Treasurys, but any capital appreciation would have to come from further spread contraction, and that certainly can’t be counted upon.
 
The credit investors of today clearly aren’t gun-shy, leaving investment opportunities to languish at excessive yields and yield spreads.  At best these investments are fairly priced today in relative terms and fully priced – offering low returns like everything else – in absolute terms.
 
I’ll use an example to illustrate the acceptance being accorded low-grade credit instruments.  In early May, Netflix issued €1.3 billion of Eurobonds, the lowest-cost debt it ever issued.  The interest rate was 3.625%, the covenants were few, and the rating was single-B.  Netflix’s GAAP earnings run about $200 million per quarter, but according to Grant’s Interest Rate Observer, in the year that ended March 31, Netflix burned through $1.8 billion of free cash flow.  It’s an exciting company, but as Grant’s reminded its readers, bondholders can’t participate in gains, just losses.  Given this asymmetrical proposition, any bond issue should be characterized by solidity and a meaningful promised return, not the sex appeal of its issuer.
 
Is it prudent to lend money to a company that goes through it at such a prodigious rate?  Will Amazon or Google be able to loosen Netflix’s hold on its customers?  Is it wise to buy bonds based on a technology position that could be overtaken?  Positive investor sentiment has taken the company’s equity value to $70 billion; what would happen to the bond price if worries about rising competition took a bite out of that one day?  Should you take these risks to make less than 4% per year?  In Oaktree’s view, this isn’t a solid debt investment; it’s an equity-linked digital content investment totally lacking in upside potential, and it’s not for us.  The fact that deals like this can get done easily should tell you something about today’s market climate.
 
Finally, let’s consider whether risk tolerance and carefree behavior are isolated or widespread in today’s credit market.  Here are some quotes from a July 14 article by Lisa Abramowicz of Bloomberg Gadfly (emphasis added):
 
Over the last eight years, junk-rated corporate debt has been transformed from a fringe asset to a staple for many fixed-income investors.  As they’ve become more popular, these risky bonds and loans have increasingly lost a feature that made them so attractive (and lucrative) – the investor protections known as covenants written into the documents that govern the debt.  These are aimed at ensuring investors can recover their money if the company fails.
 
Last month, the $26.9 billion of junk bonds sold had the highest proportion of deals on record with weak investor protections, Moody’s Investor Service reported this week.  About 60 percent of the risky U.S. corporate bonds sold had few protections written into their deal documents, Moody’s said.  In the leveraged-loan market, nearly three quarters of the debt is “covenant lite” after three years of record issuance . . .  
 
Investors have grown so confident about the seemingly interminable corporate-debt rally that many are dismissing the likelihood of large swaths of risky companies going bankrupt.  After all, these covenants usually don’t matter until there’s a problem.
 
It’s a standard cycle: cautious investing produces good performance in a salutary environment . . . which leads to a reduction of caution . . . which leads to bad performance when the environment turns less favorable.  This is part of the race to the bottom I wrote about in 2008.
 

Emerging Market Debt
The emerging markets are another place where investor opinion fluctuates wildly and visibly.  “Everyone knows” the emerging markets have more growth potential than the developed world, but attitudes regarding the realizability of that potential – and thus the price one should pay for it – gyrate wildly over time.
 
I described the phenomenon in “The Role of Confidence” (August 2013).  When confidence is running high, the emerging markets are viewed as being just like developed markets, only faster-growing, meaning it’s reasonable for their securities to sell at yields and p/e ratios like those in the developed world.  But when confidence declines, it becomes clear that there are risks that don’t exist in the developed world – like coups, institutionalized corruption, maxi-devaluation and debt repudiation – and thus significant valuation discounts are in order.  Again, as with corporate credit, which is this?  Are investors appropriately sensitive to the risks and imposing reasonable discounts, or are they ignoring the risks and happily paying up?  That’s a lot of what you have to know.
 
To answer the question, I’ll make reference to $2.75 billion of bonds that were issued by Argentina in mid-June.  The maturity was 100 years – “century bonds” – and the interest rate was 8%.  
 
You might have thought this would be a hard thing to sell.  After all, Argentina had defaulted on its debts eight times in its 200-year history, with no fewer than five defaults in the past century alone, most recently in 2014 amid a legal dispute with the Elliott hedge fund. . . .
 
But investors do not seem to care: there were $9.75bn of bids.  And Argentina is not the only peculiar event in bond markets this month.  Take a look, for example, at Ivory Coast.  In recent weeks, this West African nation underwent yet another military uprising.  But this month it sold 16-year bonds with a 6.25 per cent yield – and these were also heavily oversubscribed.  Places such as Senegal and Egypt have also seen hot demand for their debt.  (Financial Times, June 27)
 
To conclude on this subject, I can’t resist citing (but am too polite to name) the head of research and strategy for a likewise-unnamed broker/investment bank: 
 
“It’s just shocking that they exit default and their bond issue is a century bond,” said [Ms. X]. . .  Nevertheless, she is advising her clients to buy the bonds as at least a short term trade.  
 
Let me get this straight: it’s incredible that Argentina is able to issue this thing, but it’s a good buy for a moment.  It’s a sign of the times: “something may go wrong, but probably not soon.”  I much prefer Warren Buffett’s view: “If you aren’t willing to own a stock for ten years, don’t even think about owning it for ten minutes.”
 
For only the third time in history, emerging market debt is selling at yields below those on U.S. high yield bonds.  Is Argentina, a country that defaulted five times in the last hundred years (and once in the last five), likely to get through the next hundred without a rerun?    
 
The essential bottom line in all investing is simple: is the risk premium at least adequate?  Can we answer in the affirmative with regard to emerging market debt today?
 

Private Equity
In today’s low-return world, it’s clear that institutional investors needing 7-8% a year aren’t likely to get it from Treasurys yielding 1-2%, high grades at 3-4%, or mainstream stocks that most people expect to return 5-6%.  Heck, you can’t even get it from Ivory Coast bonds!  Where is one to turn?
 
The good news for firms like Oaktree is that the answer is felt to most likely lie in what have come to be called “alternative investments” (there was no collective term for them when my partners and I started off 30 years ago).  Since essentially no public “beta” markets offer the returns institutions need, many have turned instead to so-called “alpha strategies,” where skillful, active management has the potential to augment market returns, producing what’s needed.
 
But one of the biggest alternatives categories – hedge funds – has been largely discredited as a result of the meager average return over the last dozen years.  And some of the others, like venture capital, are hard to access and too small to absorb much capital.  That brings investors mainly to real estate, distressed debt and, especially, private equity.
 
Private equity firms market double-digit return track records, and even their top-of-the-cycle 2005-07 funds now sport respectable gains.  As a result, they’re attracting capital at all-time-high rates:
 
Private equity is experiencing the best fundraising climate in years – perhaps ever. In the first half of the year, 224 North America-focused funds closed, raising $133 billion, while globally there have been 412 private equity funds closed, which raised a combined $221.4 billion, surpassing slightly the record $220.8 billion raised in 2008, according to Preqin.  (Mergers & Acquisitions newsletter)
 
Private equity funds have been raising total capital in the hundreds of billions for the last few years, and even before the latest spate of mega-funds, they already had several hundred billion of “dry powder.”  Importantly, since private equity managers mostly engage in leveraged buyouts, these amounts have to be viewed in terms of the levered-up total capital they’ll produce.  Thus the PE firms will probably add more than a trillion dollars to their buying power this year.  Where will it be invested at a time when few assets can be bought at bargain prices?  Sellers of private companies, too, tend to set asking prices for their firms based on what cash flows are worth in this low-return world.
 
I’m not saying private equity isn’t a solution, or even that it’s not the best solution.  It’s just that its record fund-raising is yet one more sign of the willingness of investors to trust in the future.
 

SoftBank Vision Fund
Perhaps the ultimate demonstration of faith in fund managers is SoftBank’s recent raising of $93 billion for its Vision Fund for technology investments – presumably on the way to $100 billion.  SoftBank is a Japanese telecom company showing an 18-year annual return of 44% on investments that have included chipmakers, ride-hailing and telecom.  But I see issues with the fund:  
 
First, SoftBank’s record of investment success has relied heavily on one phenomenal investment.  The $20 million Softbank invested in Alibaba in 2000 has grown in value to more than $50 billion.  Skill or luck?  And extrapolatable?
 
Second, size matters.  In 1999/2000, the venture capital industry got into trouble because it followed massively successful mid-1990s funds of hundreds of millions, with funds of $1-2 billion.  The Vision Fund isn’t for startups, but still, can you wisely invest $100 billion in technology?
 
Third, here’s an organization that has never managed money for third parties, starting the biggest fund in history to do just that.  Is their experience transferrable?  In all these regards I think the fund indicates a high level of enthusiasm and a low level of skepticism.
 
Fourth, and perhaps more importantly for my purposes here, I want to spend some time on the fund’s structure.  For each 38 cents they put into the fund’s equity, outside investors are required to put 62 cents into preferred units of the fund.  On the other hand, SoftBank itself invested $28 billion in equity but nothing in preferred.  
 


That means when the fund reaches $100 billion, SoftBank will have put up only 28% of the capital but will own 50% of the equity.  Adding in management fees and carried interest, its 28% of the capital may give it 60-70% of the gains.
Even the private equity industry – with its willingness to take risk – has traditionally shied away from piling debt on technology companies (although less so lately).  SoftBank doesn’t hesitate to lever its tech investments.
The preferred units will pay a 7% annual coupon.Lending money to a tech fund at that modest rate apparently is part of the price demanded of the LPs for an opportunity to invest in the fund’s equity.  I can imagine the sales pitch about how lucky the LPs are to get a chance to provide leverage for their own investment, but I doubt I’d be convinced. 
Finally, as the Financial Times wrote on June 11: 


 
While the preferred unit holders will eventually receive their principal back [plus 7% per year], they will only receive [an equity] return for the equity portion of their investment in the fund.
 
All outside backers of the fund are receiving 62 per cent in preferred units and the rest in equity, allowing them to reduce their downside risk, while still generating a good return.
 
Sounds good on the surface.  But how much does this diversion of the investors’ capital into preferred units really reduce their downside risk?  The FT says investors in the preferred units “will eventually receive their principal back.”  Should that really be “will,” or perhaps “may” or “hopefully will”?  Does a $100 million investment in the fund put only the $38 million of equity at risk, or is there risk associated with the preferred, too?  I guess I don’t consider the preferred units as rock-solid as the FT suggests.  Aren’t they more like the Netflix bonds: tech-linked downside with no upside?  Would an arm’s-length lender give an LP money at 7% to lever his equity in this fund 1.6 times?
 
The willingness of investors to invest in a shockingly large fund for levered tech investing with a questionable structure is a further indication of an exuberant, unquestioning market.
 

Digital Currencies
The discussion of innovative investments brings me to Bitcoin, Ether and other digital currencies.  I’d guess these things have arisen from the intersection of (a) doubts about financial security – including the value of national currencies – that grew out of the financial crisis and (b) the comfort felt by millennials regarding all things virtual.  But they’re not real.
 
Some businesses accept Bitcoin as payment.  Some buyers want to own Ether because it can be used to pay for computing power on the Ethereum network.  Some people are eager to speculate on digital currency for profit.  Others want to put a little money into these to-date-profitable phenomena rather than run the risk of missing out.  But they’re not real!
 
People tell me these currencies are solid, because (a) they’re secure against hacking and counterfeiting and (b) the software used to generate them strictly limits the amount that can be created.  But they’re not real!!!!!  Nobody has been able to make sense to me of these currencies.  Here are a few paragraphs on Ether from The New York Times of June 19:
 
The sudden rise of Ethereum highlights how volatile the bewildering world of virtual currency remains, where lines of code can be spun into billions of dollars in a matter of months. . . . 
 
Ethereum was launched in the middle of 2015 by a 21-year-old college dropout, Vitalik Buterin . . .  Mr. Buterin was inspired by Bitcoin, and the software he built shares some of the same basic qualities.  Both are hosted and maintained by the computers of volunteers around the world, who are rewarded for their participation with new digital tokens that are released into the network every day.  
 
Because the virtual currencies are tracked and maintained by a network of computers, no government or company is in charge.  The prices of both Bitcoin and Ether are established on private exchanges, where people can sell the tokens they own at the going market price. . . .
 
Many [new currency] applications being built on Ethereum are also raising money using the Ether currency, in what are known as initial coin offerings, a play on initial public offerings.
 
Start-ups that have followed this path have generally collected Ether from investors and exchanged them for units of their own specialized virtual currency, leaving the entrepreneurs with the Ether to convert into dollars and spend on operational expenses.
 
These coin offerings, which have proliferated in recent months, have created a surge of demand for the Ether currency.  Just last week, investors sent $150 million worth of Ether to a start-up, Bancor, that wants to make it easier to launch virtual currencies.  
 
Bottom line: you can use the imaginary currency Ether to buy other new imaginary currencies, or to invest in new companies that will create other new currencies.  In “bubble.com,” I highlighted some illogical aspects of e-commerce by including some of my father’s old jokes regarding how to make money.  Here’s another that seems 100% appropriate for the digital currency movement:
 
Two guys meet in the street.  Joe tells Bob about the hamster he has for sale: pedigreed and highly intelligent.  Bob says he’d like to buy a hamster for his kid: “How much is it?”  Joe answers, “half a million,” and Bob tells him he’s crazy.
 
They meet again the next day.  “How’d you do with that hamster?”  Bob asks.  “Sold it,” says Joe.  “Did you get $500,000?” Bob asks.  “Sure,” says Joe.  “Cash?”  “No,” Joe answers, “I took two $250,000 canaries.”
 
One of my very favorite quotes concerning the market’s foibles, from John Kenneth Galbraith, says that in euphoric times, “past experience, to the extent that it is part of memory at all, is dismissed as the primitive refuge of those who do not have the insight to appreciate the incredible wonders of the present.”
 
Maybe I’m just a dinosaur, too technologically backward to appreciate the greatness of digital currency.  But it is my firm view that the ability of these things to gain acceptance is just one more proof of the prevalence today of financial naiveté, willing risk-taking and wishful thinking.  
 
In my view, digital currencies are nothing but an unfounded fad (or perhaps even a pyramid scheme), based on a willingness to ascribe value to something that has little or none beyond what people will pay for it.  But this isn’t the first time.  The same description can be applied to the Tulip mania that peaked in 1637, the South Sea Bubble (1720) and the Internet Bubble (1999-2000).  
 
Serious investing consists of buying things because the price is attractive relative to intrinsic value.  Speculation, on the other hand, occurs when people buy something without any consideration of its underlying value or the appropriateness of its price, solely because they think others will pay more for it in the future.   
 
It isn’t unreasonable for someone to use Bitcoin to pay for something – or for a seller to accept Bitcoin in payment – based on an agreement between the parties: barter takes place all the time.  But does that make it “currency”?  
 
The price of Bitcoin has more than doubled since the start of the year.  Can something that does that seriously be considered a “medium of exchange” or “store of value,” rather than the subject of a speculative mania?  Maybe not, but Bitcoin looks staid in comparison to Ether, which has appreciated 4,500% so far this year.  The outstanding Ether is now worth 82% as much as all the Bitcoin in the world, up from 5% at the beginning of the year.   
 
The New York Times notes that together, the outstanding Bitcoin and Ether are worth more than Paypal and almost as much as Goldman Sachs.  Would you rather own all of the two digital currencies or one of those companies?  In other words, are these currencies’ values real?  They’re likely to keep working as long as optimism is present, but their performance in bad times is far from dependable.  What will happen to Bitcoin’s price and liquidity in a crisis if people decide they’d rather hold dollars (or gold)?
 

We Agree, But . . .
Andrew told me about a conversation he had recently with some fund managers, in which he went over a lot of what I’m discussing here.  Given today’s conditions, their response started predictably: “We agree, but . . .”
                                             
We hear a lot of that these days:
 


We agree, but the things we’re doing offer higher returns than the rest.
We agree, but cash isn’t an option when it returns nearly nothing.
We agree, but we can’t take the risk of being out of the market.
We agree, but there’s no alternative.


 
Investors should choose their risk posture based on an assessment of what’s being offered in terms of absolute return, absolute risk, and thus absolute risk-adjusted return.  But today – on that famous other hand – investors generally don’t have the luxury of holding out for absolute returns and safety like they enjoyed in the past.
 
Many of the things I’ve highlighted above offer good returns and risk premiums relative to the returns on Treasurys and high grade debt.  But (a) low rates may be – generally are expected to be – a temporary condition and (b) it might be wiser to gauge reward in absolute terms.  The bottom line is that while the prices and prospective returns on many things are justifiable today relative to other things, you can’t eat (or spend) relative returns.  
 
Everyone’s investing on the basis of relatives these days; they see no alternative.  But that reminds me of former Citigroup CEO Chuck Prince, who gained fame in the months leading up to the Global Financial Crisis for saying of the bank’s leveraged lending practices, “When the music stops, in terms of liquidity, things will be complicated.  But as long as the music is playing, you’ve got to get up and dance.  We’re still dancing.”  Today I think most investors know the good times will end someday, as Prince did, but for now they feel they, too, have no choice but to dance.
 
And there’s one other thing we hear a lot these days:
 
 

We agree things can’t go well forever – we agree the cycle is extended, prices are elevated and uncertainty is high – but we don’t see anything that’s likely to bring the bull market to a close anytime soon.

 
In other words, there’ll be a time for caution, just not today.  In that connection, Andrew reminds me about Saint Augustine, who said: “Give me chastity and continence, but not yet.”  Is there something other than the punitive returns on safe assets that keeps this from being a time for caution?


Observations and Implications
As I said, most of the phenomena described above seem reasonable given the rest of what’s going on in today’s economic and financial world.  But step back for perspective and put them together, and what do we see?
 

Some of the highest equity valuations in history.
The so-called VIX index of fear at an all-time low.
The elevation of a can’t-lose group of stocks.
The movement of more than a trillion dollars into value-agnostic investing.
The lowest yields in history on low-rated bonds and loans.
Yields on emerging market debt that are lower still.
The most fundraising in history for private equity.
The biggest fund of all time raised for levered tech investing.
Billions in digital currencies whose value has multiplied dramatically.

 
 
I absolutely am not saying stocks are too high, the FAANGs will falter, credit investing is risky, digital currencies are sure to end up worthless, or private equity commitments won’t pay off.  All I’m saying is that for all the things listed above to simultaneously be gaining in popularity and attracting so much capital, credulousness has to be high and risk aversion has to be low.  It’s not that these things are doomed, just that their returns may not fully justify their risk.  And, more importantly, that they show the temperature of today’s market to be elevated.  Not a nonsensical bubble – just high and therefore risky. 
 
Try to think of the things that could knock today’s market off kilter, like a surprising spike in inflation, a significant slowdown in growth, central banks losing control, or the big tech stocks running into trouble.  The good news is that they all seem unlikely.  The bad news is that their unlikelihood causes all these concerns to be dismissed, leaving the markets susceptible should any of them actually occur.  That means this is a market in which riskiness is being tolerated and perhaps ignored, and one in which most investors are happy to bear risk.  Thus it’s not one in which we should do so.
 
What else:
 


My observations are always indicative, not predictive.  The usual consequences of the conditions I describe – like an eventual increase in risk aversion – should happen, but they don’t have to happen.
And they certainly don’t have to happen soon.  No one knows anything about timing.Certain consequences are implied, but even if they’re going to happen, we have no way of knowing when.It feels like we’re in the eighth inning, but I have no idea how long the game will go on.
I’m never sure of my market observations.  As you’ll see in my new book, I believe strongly that where we are in a cycle says a lot about the market’s likely tendencies, but I never state opinions on this subject with high confidence.
As a natural worrier, I tend to be early with warnings, as described on page one.  'Nuff said.
Finally, while my observations are uncertain and should be taken with a grain of salt, what I am sure of is that valuations and markets are elevated, and the easy money in this cycle has been made. 


 

What to Do
To me, the four components of the current environment listed on pages 2 and 3 – high uncertainty, low prospective returns, high prices and pro-risk behavior – are indisputable.  The question is whether you agree.  If so, I trust you’ll grant that they make for a troubling combination.  Markets normally respond to elevated uncertainty with lower asset prices and compensatorily higher returns.  But not today.  Thus we’re living in a low-return, high-risk world.  Period.  
 
For that reason, this might seem like an attractive time to refrain from investing, or at least from bearing risk.  However, organizations for which investing is an essential part of the business model – like pension funds, insurance companies, endowments and sovereign wealth funds – generally don’t have the option to not invest.  That’s especially true when the return on cash is as low as it is today.  
 
Further, the case for cash that can be built today from all the above could have been made years ago, and doing so would have resulted in huge penalties.  Oaktree’s investment philosophy generally causes us to eschew the raising and lowering of cash.  We might make an exception in extraordinary circumstances, but today doesn’t seem to warrant doing so.  Instead, Oaktree will continue to follow its 2012 mantra: “move forward, but with caution” – and, given today’s conditions, with even more caution than in the recent past.  If one is going to invest at times like this, investment professionalism – knowing how to bear risk intelligently, striving for return while keeping an eagle-eye on the potential adverse consequences – is the absolute sine qua non.  
 
Environments like today’s call to mind the applicability of something I was told more than 40 years ago by Sid Cottle, editor of the later editions of Graham and Dodd’s Security Analysis: “Investment is the discipline of relative selection.”  I interpret that to mean we have no alternative but to choose from among the available options based on their relative merit.
 
“There They Go Again” was written in May 2005, at the front end of a string of cautionary memos leading up to the last cyclical peak.  It was the first time I explicitly raised the question – too early as usual – of how one should invest in a low-return world.  I went on to list a few possibilities, none of which was sure to work, but I concluded with the one thing I was convinced of:
 
. . . there’s no easy answer for investors faced with skimpy prospective returns and risk premiums.  But there is one course of action – one classic mistake – that I most strongly feel is wrong: reaching for return.
 
The events of 2007 and 2008 showed this observation to have been prudent and appropriate.  And given today’s similarities to the last cycle, I think it’s applicable again.
 
Here’s a great observation on the subject from Berkshire-Hathaway’s 2010 letter to shareholders:  
 
We agree with investment writer Ray DeVoe’s observation, “More money has been lost reaching for yield than at the point of a gun.”


Or as Peter Bernstein put it, “The market is not an accommodating machine; it won’t give you high returns just because you need them.”
 
The key strategic decision for anyone shaping investment strategy is whether to apply aggressiveness or defensiveness at a given point in time.  In other words, should we worry more today about losing money or about missing opportunity?  The answer at all times depends on what’s available in the investment environment.
 


I have no doubt that the ascent to the apex from which the Global Financial Crisis took place was powered by the willing acceptance of risk in the low-return world of 2004-07.  In other words, excessive risk tolerance and the resulting incautious behavior provided the foundation for the vast losses experienced in the move from peak to trough.

 

And in the trough of late 2008/early ’09, I likewise have no doubt that most investors were saying, “I don’t care if I ever make another penny in the market; I just don’t want to lose any more.Get me out!”  Their excessive risk aversion created the opportunity for the huge returns enjoyed in the recovery.


 
Where are we today?  As I said earlier, risk is high and prospective return is low, and the low prospective returns on safe investments are pushing people into taking risk – which they’re willing to do – at a time when the reward for doing so is low.  
 
Given my view of the environment, the only reason to be aggressive today is because defensive investing implies low prospective returns.  But the question is whether pursuing high expected returns through aggressiveness can be counted on to be rewarded.  If the answer is no, as I believe, then this is a time for caution.  
 
That doesn’t mean you have to be content with a low-return portfolio.  If you need returns higher than those available in the beta markets at the low-risk end of the spectrum, it is reasonable to move into riskier asset classes.  But for every asset class, there are high-risk and low-risk approaches.  When the market is rational, low-risk investments will always appear to offer prospective returns lower than those on high-risk ones.  But in tough times, the former are less likely to bring losses than the latter.  In my opinion that makes them right for today.  
 

*             *             *

 
Perhaps the best way to understand investment cycles is through that great statement attributed to Mark Twain: “History doesn’t repeat, but it does rhyme.”  The duration, pace, amplitude and details of each investment cycle are different from those of its predecessors, but the basic themes and essential ingredients are usually vaguely familiar.  What Twain calls rhyming history I describe as “common threads.” 
 
The themes or threads that repeatedly characterize too-bullish markets are the ones listed on page 4.  While they don’t all have to be present for a top, bull market or boom to form, (a) usually many are present when one does and (b) it’s hard for a full-throated bubble to come into existence without them.  They truly are the raw materials for market excesses on the upside.  
 
On the other hand, the keys to avoiding the classic mistakes also recur, and I listed them in “There They Go Again”:
 


awareness of history,
belief in cycles rather than unabated, unidirectional trends,
skepticism regarding the free lunch, and
insistence on low purchase prices that provide lots of room for error.


 
Adherence to these things – all parts of the canon of defensive investing – invariably will cause you to miss the most exciting part of bull markets, when trends reach irrational extremes and prices go from fair to excessive.  But they’ll also make you a long-term survivor.  I can’t help thinking that’s a prerequisite for investment success. 
 
The checklist for market sanity and safety is simple, and the answers will tell you what to do:
 


Are prospective returns adequate?
Are investors appropriately risk-averse?
Are they applying skepticism and discipline?
Are they demanding sufficient risk premiums?
Are valuations reasonable relative to historic standards?
Are deal structures fair to investors?
Are investors declining any of the new deals?
Are there limits on faith in the future?


 
The basic proposition is simple: Investors make the most and the safest money when they do things other people don’t want to do.  But when investors are unworried and glad to make risky investments (or worried but investing anyway, because the low-risk alternatives are unappealing), asset prices will be high, risk premiums will be low, and markets will be risky.  That’s what happens when there’s too much money and too little fear.
 
I’ll close with a final “ditto,” from “The Race to the Bottom” of just over ten years ago:
 
If you refuse to fall into line in carefree markets like today’s, it’s likely that, for a while, you’ll (a) lag in terms of return and (b) look like an old fogey.  But neither of those is much of a price to pay if it means keeping your head (and capital) when others eventually lose theirs.  In my experience, times of laxness have always been followed eventually by corrections in which penalties are imposed.  It may not happen this time, but I’ll take that risk.  In the meantime, Oaktree and its people will continue to apply the standards that have served us so well over the last [thirty] years.  
 
 
July 26, 2017
 
 

 
 

 
 



 
Legal Information and Disclosures
This memorandum expresses the views of the author as of the date indicated and such views are subject to change without notice.  Oaktree has no duty or obligation to update the information contained herein.  Further, Oaktree makes no representation, and it should not be assumed, that past investment performance is an indication of future results.  Moreover, wherever there is the potential for profit there is also the possibility of loss.
This memorandum is being made available for educational purposes only and should not be used for any other purpose.  The information contained herein does not constitute and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction.  Certain information contained herein concerning economic trends and performance is based on or derived from information provided by independent third-party sources.  Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (“Oaktree”) believes that the sources from which such information has been obtained are reliable; however, it cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information and has not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or the assumptions on which such information is based.  
This memorandum, including the information contained herein, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, or posted in whole or in part, in any form without the prior written consent of Oaktree.



 
The Voting Booth

















	About Oaktree
































































Investment Philosophy


Business Principles


Responsible Investing


Our Communities Matter











Home/ About



About

Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid-1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Today, Oaktree comprises over 900 employees in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, Stamford, Houston, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam*, Dublin*, Luxembourg*, Dubai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai and Sydney. We have 34 portfolio managers with average experience of 23 years and over 780 years of combined investment experience.

The firm’s competitive advantages include its experienced team of investment professionals, a global platform and a unifying investment philosophy. This investment philosophy, which consists of six tenets - risk control, consistency, market inefficiency, specialization, bottom-up analysis and disavowal of market timing - is complemented by a set of core business principles that articulate Oaktree’s commitment to excellence in investing, commonality of interests with clients, a collaborative and cooperative culture, and a disciplined, opportunistic approach to the expansion of offerings.

As a result of consistent application of our philosophy and principles, Oaktree has earned a large and distinguished  clientele. Among Oaktree's global clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.

Our expertise investing across the capital structure has allowed us to cultivate a diversified mix of global investment strategies in six categories: distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Importantly, the expansion of our strategies has been achieved primarily through “step-outs” into highly related fields, based on identifying markets that (a) we believe have the potential for attractive returns, and (b) can be exploited in a manner consistent with the firm’s risk-controlled philosophy.


*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
 

Historical Assets Under Management (AUM)1




 
Global Presence2




 
Clients
Oaktree manages assets on behalf of many of the most significant institutional investors worldwide.  Our investor base includes pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds.  Among our clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.
 
Client Mix (by AUM)1








■
Public Funds
23%


■
Corporate Pensions
16%


■
Insurance Companies
9%


■
Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
9%


■
Sovereign Wealth Funds
8%


■
Corporate
8%


■
Endowments/Foundations
6%


■
Private - HNW/Family Offices
5%


■
Oaktree and Affiliates
4%


■
Fund of Funds
3%


■
Unions
2%


■
Other
7%








 
Regional Mix (by AUM)1






■
Americas
71%


■
Europe, Middle East & Africa
16%


■
Asia Pacific
13%








 
Products
Oaktree's foremost priority is to provide its clients superior risk adjusted performance in alternative asset classes. The company invests in closed-end, open-end and evergreen vehicles across six asset classes.






■
Corporate Debt
41%


■
Distressed Debt
26%


■
Control Investing
15%


■
Real Estate
9%


■
Convertible Securities
5%


■
Listed Equities
4%












Investment Strategies (by AUM)1
($ in millions)




Corporate Debt




$ 40,608









U.S. High Yield Bonds


17,204




Global High Yield Bonds


4,526




European High Yield Bonds


1,045




U.S. Senior Loans


8,267




European Senior Loans


3,533




European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


273




Strategic Credit


3,050




U.S. Private Debt


1,372




European Private Debt


915




Emerging Markets Debt Total Return


423





















Convertible Securities




$ 5,381









U.S. Convertibles


2,935




Non-U.S. Convertibles


1,444




High Income Convertibles


1,002





















Distressed Debt




$ 25,787









Distressed Opportunities


23,702




Value Opportunities


1,126




Emerging Markets Opportunities


959





















Control Investing




$ 14,642









Special Situations3


3,911




European Principal


6,014




Infrastructure Investing


2,938




Power Opportunities


1,779





















Real Estate




$ 8,635









Real Estate Opportunities


6,261




Real Estate Debt


1,761




Real Estate Value-Add


613





















Listed Equities




$ 4,132









Emerging Markets Equities


3,603




Emerging Markets Absolute Return


125




Value Equities


404








 
The "Investment Strategies (by AUM)" table and "Asset Class Mix (by AUM)" graph above exclude  $75 million of assets in the Japan Opportunities strategy.
1All assets under management figures presented on this site are as of June 30, 2017.
2 Includes offices of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds in Amsterdam, Luxemburg and Dublin.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.




















	Contact Us



























































Contact Us
 









Los Angeles
p +1 213 830-6300






New York
p +1 212 284-1900








Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800 






London 
p +44 20 7201-4600 







United States





Oaktree Global Headquarters


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
333 South Grand Ave., 28th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
p +1 213 830-6300
f +1 213 830-6293




Brentwood


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
11611 San Vicente Blvd., Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90049
p +1 310 442-0542
f +1 310 442-0540




Houston


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 950
Houston, TX 77024
p +1 713 496-9360

f +1 713 496-9365





New York – Sixth


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
1301 Avenue of the Americas
34th Floor
New York, NY 10019
p +1 212 284-1900
f +1 212 284-1901




New York – Park



Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
277 Park Avenue, 45th Floor
New York, NY 10172
p +1 646 857-8700
f +1 646 857-8848




Stamford


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
680 Washington Blvd.
6th Floor
Stamford, CT 06901
p +1 203 363-3200
f +1 203 363-3210






Europe and Middle East





Amsterdam*



Barbara Strozzilaan 201
1083 HN
Amsterdam
The Netherlands
p +31 20 579 2128
f +31 20 579 2129




Dubai


Oaktree Capital Management (Dubai) Limited**
Dubai International Financial Centre,
Office 5, The Gate Building, Level 15,
PO Box 121208
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
p +971 440-19877




Dublin*



2nd Floor
27 Merrion Square
Dublin 2
Ireland
p +353 1 662 1301





Frankfurt



Oaktree GmbH
Frankfurter Welle
An der Welle 3
9th Floor
60322 Frankfurt Am Main
Germany
p +49 69 244 339-3000
f +49 69 244 339-3199




London



Oaktree Capital Management (UK) LLP***
Verde
10 Bressenden Place
London SW1E 5DH
United Kingdom
p +44 20 7201-4600
f +44 20 7201-4601




Luxembourg*



26A, boulevard Royal, 7th Floor
L-2449 Luxembourg
p +352 26 63 25 47 00
f +352 26 63 25 99





Paris



Oaktree France S.A.S.
64, rue de Lisbonne
75008 Paris, France
p +33 1 42 99 15 15
f +33 1 42 99 15 11
















Asia Pacific





Beijing


Oaktree Capital (Beijing) Ltd.
Suite 8, 14th Floor
China World Office 1,
No. 1 Jianguomenwai Ave.
Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100004, China
p +86 10 6535-0208
f +86 10 6535-0209




Hong Kong



Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited
Suite 2001, 20/F, Champion Tower
3 Garden Road
Central, Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800
f +852 3655-6900




Seoul



Oaktree Capital (Seoul) Limited
6/F Pangaea Building
7-25, Gangnam-daero 27-gil 
Seocho-gu 
Seoul 137-889, Korea
p +82 2 2191-8000
f +82 2 2191-8080





Shanghai



Oaktree Overseas Investment Fund Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Suite 833, Level 8
Shanghai International Finance Centre, Tower 2
No 8 Century Avenue, Pudong, Shanghai, PRC, 200120
p +86 21 60627389




Singapore



Oaktree Capital Management Pte. Ltd.
80 Raffles Place
#51-03 UOB Plaza 1
Singapore 048624
p +65 6305-6550
f +65 6305-6551




Sydney


Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited****
Australia Branch
Suite 4, Level 27
Governor Macquarie Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
p +612 8278 9248





Tokyo



Oaktree Japan, GK
Atago Green Hills Mori Tower
37th Floor
2-5-1 Atago, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Japan 105-6237
p +81 3-5776-6760
f +81 3-5776-6761














*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
**Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, effective October 3, 2013
***Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority Registered in England, No. OC363917
**** Registered as a foreign company with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ARBN 609 956 836)




 














Current Clients and Limited Partners




Please contact your local Marketing or Client Services Representative(s) via the following regional email addresses:






            Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com





            Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com





            Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com







            Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK) Unitholders
            



            Please email us at:
investorrelations@
            oaktreecapital.com







Debt Investors


Please email us at:
debtholderinquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com










Media 1


 Please email us at:
mediainquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com


1 Members of the media should note that Oaktree generally does not comment on its activities























	Strategies
































































Corporate Debt


Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies



Strategies

Investors may access our strategy offerings via different structure and vehicle types, as shown below, based on their investor type (e.g., institutional or individual), as well as their liquidity profile and investment horizon.


















Liquidity


Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors




Asset Classes


Strategies


Frequent1


Limited2


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds





















Corporate Debt






















U.S. High Yield Bonds






















































































Global High Yield Bonds






















































































European High Yield Bonds






















































































U.S. Senior Loans






















































































European Senior Loans






















































































European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans






















































































Strategic Credit






















































































U.S. Private Debt






















































































European Private Debt






















































































Emerging Markets Debt Total Return

























































































Convertible Securities






















U.S. Convertibles






















































































Non-U.S. Convertibles






















































































High Income Convertibles

























































































Distressed Debt






















Distressed Opportunities






















































































Value Opportunities






















































































Emerging Markets Opportunities

























































































Control Investing






















Special Situations3






















































































European Principal






















































































Power Opportunities






















































































Infrastructure Investing

























































































Real Estate






















Real Estate Opportunities






















































































Real Estate Value-Add






















































































Real Estate Debt

























































































Listed Equities






















Emerging Markets Absolute Return






















































































Emerging Markets Equities






















































































Value Equities

























































































Multi-Strategy Solutions






















Multi-Strategy Credit






























































































Corporate Debt










U.S. High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Global High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Strategic Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Debt Total Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Convertible Securities










U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Non-U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






High Income Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Distressed Debt










Distressed Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Control Investing










Special Situations3




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Principal




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Power Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Infrastructure Investing




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Real Estate










Real Estate Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Value-Add




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Listed Equities










Emerging Markets Absolute Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Multi-Strategy Solutions










Multi-Strategy Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds











1 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from daily to quarterly.

2 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from quarterly to three years or the end of the term of the vehicle.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.
















	Individual Investors
































































Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors


Public Unitholders











Home/ Investors/ Individual Investors



Individual Investors
 
We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.


Private Vehicles
Allow qualified investors to participate in Oaktree’s products through private commingled investment vehicles.


Public Vehicles
Provide investors access to select Oaktree products through public commingled investment vehicles with daily liquidity.

Learn more about Oaktree's Public Vehicles.













Oaktree Capital Group Holdings LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























oaktree capital group holdings lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides investment management services. Oaktree Capital Group Holdings serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

333 South Grand Avenue
28th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
United States


Phone:
1-213-830-6300


Fax:
1-213-830-6293


Web url:
www.oaktreecapital.com























From The Web












Press Releases




Glass Lewis Recommends Shareholders Vote Against Rayonier’s Proposed Acquisition of Tembec

Jul 19, 2017



Pulse Electronics Congratulates Tesla on Achieving its Model 3 Manufacturing Milestone

Jul 07, 2017



Shoals Technologies Group Announces Investment by Oaktree

Jun 21, 2017



Coriant Announces Strategic Investment by Oaktree

Jun 15, 2017



PSP Investments and ASUR acquire 50% stake in Aerostar, operator of San Juan Airport

May 30, 2017



ERP Strategic Minerals Named Stalking Horse Bidder for Mountain Pass Rare Earths Mine

Apr 25, 2017







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































 


 

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and...     SEC Filings  Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  ByME Staff 8-k -July 27, 2017 0  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ConditionItem 2.02

Results of Operations.

On July 27, 2017, Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
The information in this Item 2.02 and the attached press release is “furnished” but not “filed” for purposes of Section18 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
       Item 2.02   Financial Statements and Exhibits.   (d) Exhibits
Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section21E of the Exchange Act, which reflect the current views of the Company with respect to, among other things, its future results of operations and financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “anticipate,” “approximately,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “will” and “would” or the negative version of these words or other comparable or similar words. These statements identify prospective information. Important factors could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those indicated in these statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information currently available to the Company. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s operations, financial results, financial condition, business prospects, growth strategy and liquidity, including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s anticipated revenue and income, which are inherently volatile; changes in the value of the Company’s investments; the pace of the Company’s raising of new funds; changes in assets under management; the timing and receipt of, and impact of taxes on, carried interest; distributions from and liquidation of the Company’s existing funds; the amount and timing of distributions on the Company’s Class A units; changes in the Company’s operating or other expenses; the degree to which the Company encounters competition; and general political, economic and market conditions. The factors listed in the item captioned “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017, which is accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in its forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Current Report. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
Oaktree Capital Group, LLC ExhibitEX-99.1 2 exhibit9912q2017.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsAs of June 30,…To view the full exhibit click here About Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (Oaktree) is a global investment manager specializing in alternative investments. The Company manages investments in a range of strategies within approximately six asset classes, which include corporate debt, convertible securities, distressed debt, control investing, real estate and listed equities. Its business consists of its investment management segment, which consists of the investment management services that it provides to its clients. Oaktree Capital Group Holdings GP, LLC acts as the Company’s manager and is the general partner of Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. (OCGH), which owns approximately 100% of the Company’s outstanding Class B units. OCGH is owned by the OCGH unitholders. The Company’s operations are conducted through a group of operating entities collectively referred to as the Oaktree Operating Group. The Funds managed by Oaktree include commingled funds, separate accounts and collateralized loan obligation vehicles (CLOs).
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      CVR PARTNERS, LP (NYSE:UAN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Dover Motorsports, Inc. (NYSE:DVD) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDXG) Files An 8-K Other Events     LILIS ENERGY, INC. (OTCMKTS:LLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    ALLY FINANCIAL INC. (NYSE:ALLY) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP (NYSE:UAN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Dover Motorsports, Inc. (NYSE:DVD) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IDXG) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 LILIS ENERGY, INC. (OTCMKTS:LLEX) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX)  July 27, 2017   Midweek biotech Movers: Neuralstem, Inc. (NASDAQ:CUR) and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX)  July 26, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With NeuroDerm Ltd. (NASDAQ:NDRM)  July 25, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings39149Analyst Ratings2681LSE1947Stocks1366Tech News1272Biotech Stocks1190Stock Market News1120Insider Trading794Small Caps728   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 



































Oaktree Capital Management LP Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Oaktree Capital Management LP Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.























	About Oaktree
































































Investment Philosophy


Business Principles


Responsible Investing


Our Communities Matter











Home/ About



About

Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid-1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Today, Oaktree comprises over 900 employees in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, Stamford, Houston, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam*, Dublin*, Luxembourg*, Dubai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai and Sydney. We have 34 portfolio managers with average experience of 23 years and over 780 years of combined investment experience.

The firm’s competitive advantages include its experienced team of investment professionals, a global platform and a unifying investment philosophy. This investment philosophy, which consists of six tenets - risk control, consistency, market inefficiency, specialization, bottom-up analysis and disavowal of market timing - is complemented by a set of core business principles that articulate Oaktree’s commitment to excellence in investing, commonality of interests with clients, a collaborative and cooperative culture, and a disciplined, opportunistic approach to the expansion of offerings.

As a result of consistent application of our philosophy and principles, Oaktree has earned a large and distinguished  clientele. Among Oaktree's global clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.

Our expertise investing across the capital structure has allowed us to cultivate a diversified mix of global investment strategies in six categories: distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Importantly, the expansion of our strategies has been achieved primarily through “step-outs” into highly related fields, based on identifying markets that (a) we believe have the potential for attractive returns, and (b) can be exploited in a manner consistent with the firm’s risk-controlled philosophy.


*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
 

Historical Assets Under Management (AUM)1




 
Global Presence2




 
Clients
Oaktree manages assets on behalf of many of the most significant institutional investors worldwide.  Our investor base includes pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds.  Among our clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.
 
Client Mix (by AUM)1








■
Public Funds
23%


■
Corporate Pensions
16%


■
Insurance Companies
9%


■
Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
9%


■
Sovereign Wealth Funds
8%


■
Corporate
8%


■
Endowments/Foundations
6%


■
Private - HNW/Family Offices
5%


■
Oaktree and Affiliates
4%


■
Fund of Funds
3%


■
Unions
2%


■
Other
7%








 
Regional Mix (by AUM)1






■
Americas
71%


■
Europe, Middle East & Africa
16%


■
Asia Pacific
13%








 
Products
Oaktree's foremost priority is to provide its clients superior risk adjusted performance in alternative asset classes. The company invests in closed-end, open-end and evergreen vehicles across six asset classes.






■
Corporate Debt
41%


■
Distressed Debt
26%


■
Control Investing
15%


■
Real Estate
9%


■
Convertible Securities
5%


■
Listed Equities
4%












Investment Strategies (by AUM)1
($ in millions)




Corporate Debt




$ 40,608









U.S. High Yield Bonds


17,204




Global High Yield Bonds


4,526




European High Yield Bonds


1,045




U.S. Senior Loans


8,267




European Senior Loans


3,533




European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


273




Strategic Credit


3,050




U.S. Private Debt


1,372




European Private Debt


915




Emerging Markets Debt Total Return


423





















Convertible Securities




$ 5,381









U.S. Convertibles


2,935




Non-U.S. Convertibles


1,444




High Income Convertibles


1,002





















Distressed Debt




$ 25,787









Distressed Opportunities


23,702




Value Opportunities


1,126




Emerging Markets Opportunities


959





















Control Investing




$ 14,642









Special Situations3


3,911




European Principal


6,014




Infrastructure Investing


2,938




Power Opportunities


1,779





















Real Estate




$ 8,635









Real Estate Opportunities


6,261




Real Estate Debt


1,761




Real Estate Value-Add


613





















Listed Equities




$ 4,132









Emerging Markets Equities


3,603




Emerging Markets Absolute Return


125




Value Equities


404








 
The "Investment Strategies (by AUM)" table and "Asset Class Mix (by AUM)" graph above exclude  $75 million of assets in the Japan Opportunities strategy.
1All assets under management figures presented on this site are as of June 30, 2017.
2 Includes offices of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds in Amsterdam, Luxemburg and Dublin.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.




















Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 1:08 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm invests in the public equity, private equity, infrastructure, real estate, fixed income markets, and alternative asset markets. The firm does not invest in private equity auctions. It does not invest in turnarounds and start-ups. It invests in the value stocks of companies and distress-for-control activities. For its fixed income investments, it invests in corporate debt, convertible securities, and distressed debt. Within private equity, the firm invests at any level of capital structure and also focuses on growth capital, buyout, industry consolidation, recapitalization of middle market companies. It invests...
Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm invests in the public equity, private equity, infrastructure, real estate, fixed income markets, and alternative asset markets. The firm does not invest in private equity auctions. It does not invest in turnarounds and start-ups. It invests in the value stocks of companies and distress-for-control activities. For its fixed income investments, it invests in corporate debt, convertible securities, and distressed debt. Within private equity, the firm invests at any level of capital structure and also focuses on growth capital, buyout, industry consolidation, recapitalization of middle market companies. It invests in crude petroleum and natural gas, coal and consumable fuels, environmental and facilities services, cargo or container ships, consumer durables and apparel, movies and entertainment, retailing, beverages, food products, specialized finance, real estate, and electric utilities. It invests across the globe. The firm seeks to invest between $20 million and $100 million in companies with minimum sales of $50 million and enterprise value between $50 million and $500 million. The firm seeks to make control investments. For Infrastructure, it does not do not invest in low-growth, annuity-like assets. The firm invests primarily in North America. It pursues a controlling or influential minority stake in strategic infrastructure assets.For real estate, the firm focuses on real estate opportunities and real estate debt that includes commercial real estate, corporate real estate, structured finance, commercial non-performing loans, and residential real estate and non-U.S. real estate. Investments may include direct property investments; investments in real estate-related corporations; commercial mortgage-backed securities and related securities; residential land, assets and loan pools; small-balance commercial loan pools; and non-U.S. investments, mezzanine loans, and corporate debt. The firm now focuses on U.S. and non-U.S. control investments achieved through purchases of both distressed debt and private equity. The firm employs fundamental analysis along with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. It launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds. It provides its services to U.S. mutual funds and non-U.S. registered funds, pension and profit sharing plans, trusts, estates, governmental plans, endowments, foundations, charitable organizations, corporations, insurance companies, limited partnerships, commingled investment trusts, sovereign wealth funds and other entities. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. was founded in April 1995 and is based in Los Angeles, California with additional offices in Houston, Texas; Los Angeles, California; New York, New York; Stamford, Connecticut. Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC.
Detailed Description


333 South Grand Avenue28th FloorLos Angeles, CA 90071United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 213-830-6300

Fax: 213-830-6293

www.oaktreecapital.com







Key Executives for Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.




Mr. Jay Steven Wintrob


      	Chief Executive Officer and Outside Director
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Bruce A. Karsh J.D.


      	Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager, and Co-Chairman
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Howard S. Marks CFA


      	Principal and Co-Chairman
      


Age: 70
        







Mr. David M. Kirchheimer CPA


      	Principal and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. John B. Frank J.D.


      	Principal Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, and Director
      


Age: 60
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. Key Developments

Oaktree Reportedly Preparing For IPO On Irish Stock Exchange
Jul 26 17
Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. is preparing to float on the Irish Stock Exchange in the coming months in what is expected to be a €350 million deal, according to sources. Oaktree Capital has been working with Bridgedale, which is led by Stephen Garvey, in setting up the new company. Executives involved in the initial public offering (IPO), which is expected to raise about €350 million, are currently courting potential investors with their advisers at Credit Suisse Group AG (SWX:CSGN) and Davy Corporate Finance Limited in a non-deal roadshow, with a view to launching the IPO as early as September 2017, according to sources. Oaktree is also known to have agreed additional land purchases in recent months, conditional on the IPO being executed. A spokeswoman for Oaktree declined to comment, while Stephen Garvey from Bridgedale didn’t return calls to his office on July 25, 2017.


DDH 1 Looking For Acquisitions
Jul 17 17
DDH 1 Drilling Pty Ltd. is looking for acquisitions. The investment from Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. would allow DDH 1 to expand and target acquisitions.


Oaktree Capital Management and Macquarie Group Interested in Lambert-St. Louis International Airport
Jun 21 17
Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and Macquarie Group Limited (ASX:MQG) are interested in privatizing Lambert-St. Louis International Airport Corporation. Oaktree Capital Management and Macquarie Group have hired local lobbyists to help steer them through the process, which is expected to last at least through May 2018.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 26, 2017
			    
Canyon Creek, Stillwater and Off Broadway Property Units in Arizona



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 21, 2017
			    
1,276-Unit Apartment Portfolio



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 17, 2017
			    
Central Slough Office Building





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., please visit www.oaktreecapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P.
                    

•   LOS ANGELES, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Oaktree Capital Group Holdings is based out of Los Angeles.    WhaleWisdom has at least 1 13F filings and 3 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Oaktree Capital Group Holdings. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            No holdings for current quarter
      







03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P.











Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-26








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-26
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation
















































13F Filings Available:



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include






Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:

Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:

Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted




Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



































 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














oaktree capital group holdings l p - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Oaktree Capital - Search for Oaktree Capital.



Ad
 ·
CanDoFinance.com/​Oaktree Capital



Search for Oaktree Capital. Related Articles that CanDoFinance.




OAK Stock Ratings | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Oaktree Capital





About us



FlashRatings' Principles




Analyst Ranking



Privacy





Searches related tooaktree capital group holdings l p



oaktree capital group k 1


oaktree capital group llc stock


oaktree capital news


oaktree capital group investor relati...



oaktree financial group


oaktree capital partners


holding capital group inc


oaktree capital 10k




Web Results

Oaktree Capital Management - Official Site

https://www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of ...



About



People



Contact Us



Individual Investors



Strategies



OCP



Oaktree Capital Group Holdings LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/companies/0953852D:US


Company profile & key executives for Oaktree Capital Group Holdings LP (0953852D:-) including description, corporate address, management team and contact info.


Oaktree Capital Management LP Top Holdings 13F Filings

https://www.holdingschannel.com/13f/oaktree-capital-management-lp...


A list of the top 50 holdings of Oaktree Capital Management LP, ... Oaktree Capital Management LP Info: ... Oaktree Capital Group Holdings L.P. Oaktree Capital Group LLC


OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P. Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/oaktree-capital-group-holdings-l-p


Detailed Profile of OAKTREE CAPITAL GROUP HOLDINGS, L.P. portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P.: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. in Los Angeles, CA ...

listings.findthecompany.com/l/20877968/Oaktree-Capital-Group...


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. is an investment advisor located in Los Angeles, California. View phone number, employees, products, revenue, and more.


Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oaktree_Capital_Management


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm ... Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on ... Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P. Dec ...


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P. - Charter ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/oaktree-capital-group-holdings,-l.p.


Oaktree Capital Group Holdings, L.P., Director, Ten Percent Owner at Charter Communications (CHTR), is currently unranked, see this insider


OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/.../oaktree-capital-management-lp-63164


OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP. ... Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with ... ALIBABA GROUP HLDG LTD ...










Oaktree Capital - Search for Oaktree Capital.



Ad
 ·
CanDoFinance.com/​Oaktree Capital



Search for Oaktree Capital. Related Articles that CanDoFinance.




OAK Stock Ratings | flashratings.com



Ad
 ·
flashratings.com



All Current Analyst Ratings and Price Targets for Oaktree Capital





About us



FlashRatings' Principles




Analyst Ranking



Privacy




Searches related tooaktree capital group holdings l p



oaktree capital group k 1


oaktree capital group llc stock


oaktree capital news


oaktree capital group investor relati...



oaktree financial group


oaktree capital partners


holding capital group inc


oaktree capital 10k




12345Next






Answers







Oaktree Capital Management



Capital Group LLC became listed on the . The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the...

more






Holdings of American International Group



The Holdings of American International Group include the operating entities and subsidiaries of insurance conglomerate American International Group...

more






P chip



IPOs of P chips As of August 2010 Bright Smart Securities & Commodities Group Ltd. [1428] (Cayman Islands) (25/08/2010) West China Cement Ltd. [2233]...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network

















Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (OAK)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $47
                  (2% downside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    28%
                  

                of 7 analysts


                    Latest:     Morgan Stanley | overweight | $54  | 
                                              07/07
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for OAK  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)
















	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















Risk Management with Ian Schapiro





Watch Video















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/27/2017

Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations










Oaktree Capital Management - Financial District - 0 tips


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to Los Angeles?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doSee all85 photosOaktree Capital ManagementOfficeFinancial District, Los AngelesSaveShareTipsPhotos 85Oaktree Capital ManagementNo tips and reviewsLog in to leave a tip here.PostNo tips yetWrite a short note about what you liked, what to order, or other helpful advice for visitors.85 PhotosRelated Searchesoaktree capital management los angeles  oaktree capital management los angeles photos  oaktree capital management los angeles location  oaktree capital management los angeles address  oaktree capital management los angeles  oaktree capital management los angeles  oaktree capital management financial district los angelesAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in Los Angeles:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFOaktree Capital Management333 S Grand AveLos Angeles, CA 90071United StatesGet directions Likely open (See when people check in)People tend to check in during these times:Today8:00 AM–6:00 PMFri8:00 AM–4:00 PMSat–SunNoneMon–Tue8:00 AM–5:00 PMWed8:00 AM–6:00 PMSee MoreUnited States » Los Angeles County » Los Angeles » Professional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


