


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan High Yield Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan High Yield Fund(OHYAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN HIGH YIELD FUND

Income potential with high yield.

Driven by macro insights and bottom-up fundamental credit research, the High Yield Fund aims to deliver greater income and return potential than core bond holdings, with lower risk than stocks.
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Experienced management team has worked together through multiple market cycles over 28 years, including three recessions.

Portfolio


		Combines bottom-up analysis with top-down insight to actively manage credit profile against market risk.

Success


		Consistently delivered lower volatility vs. its benchmark over the long term.

		Top-quartile performance 89% of the time vs. Morningstar High Yield Category over rolling 10-year periods.1





	ROLLING 10-YEAR PERCENTILE RETURN RANKING


 



1For I Shares; High-yield bond category; Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield-2% Issuer Capped Index. Rolling 10-year periods since fund inception (11/13/1998), as of 3/31/17. Ranked as follows: 1-yr. (332/697), 3-yrs. (229/596), 5-yrs. (191/471) and 10-yrs. (78/318).

Chart source: Morningstar; as of 3/31/17. Shown for illustrative purposes only; calculated using monthly returns since 12/1/08 – 3/31/17. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan High Yield Fund (I Class Shares) underperformed the benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index, for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		The Fund’s security selection within energy has hurt performance. We have consciously chosen to be overweight in a select few higher-volatility names that have traded off amid the recent moves in oil. We see these names as capable of surviving in a lower-for-longer oil environment despite their sensitivity to short-term oil price moves.

		BB-rated credit outperformed, reversing the trend of higher quality underperforming the market seen in 2016 and the first quarter. Our underweight positioning in higher-quality credit hurt performance.

		The Fund’s security selection in the industrial other, avoiding an issuer that went bankrupt, was positive for performance.

		Also adding to performance were market-beating returns in several pharmaceutical names we had viewed as undervalued.


	Looking ahead


		High-yield bonds have been on a remarkable run over the past 16 months, providing investors more than 2.5 times coupon returns over the bull market, driven by the global search for yield, stable economic and credit fundamentals, and increasingly positive views on commodities sectors.

		Volatility in individual sectors (energy and retail) will likely present opportunities to position opportunistically, and we see high yield as an extended sector that can continue to provide diversification and yield to a variety of portfolios.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: High Yield (A)




Fund Story: High Yield Fund


Presentation: High Yield Fund






Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - High Yield Fund


Product Guide

Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Supplemental Data Sheet - High Yield Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan High Yield Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares, 1.35% for R2 Shares, 0.70% for R5 Shares and 0.60% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2018 for A Shares, 10/31/2018 for C Shares, 10/31/2018 for I Shares, 10/31/2018 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2018 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index is comprised of fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities that are dollar denominated and non-convertible. The index limits the maximum exposure to any one issuer to 2%. The performance of the Lipper High Yield Bond Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.  Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund (PRHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				High Yield Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Closed to new Retail investors
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments






			
				
				
				Closed to new Retail Investors as of April 27, 2012 at 4pm EST
				
				
				
			
			




 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$6.81
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.67%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$6.51
							
							-
							
								$6.81
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$9,521.22

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
474
and 
317
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.52%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					11.97%
				
			

				
					11.97%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.80%
				
			

				
					3.80%
				
			


5 Years

				
					6.78%
				
			

				
					6.78%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.93%
				
			

				
					6.93%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.33%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.33%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 31, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:59:16 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Thu Jul 27 10:29:26 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 











	Global High Yield Bonds
































































Corporate Debt



U.S. High Yield Bonds


Global High Yield Bonds


European High Yield Bonds


U.S. Senior Loans


European Senior Loans


European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


Strategic Credit


U.S. Private Debt


European Private Debt


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return



Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies/ Corporate Debt/ Global High Yield Bonds



Global High Yield Bonds

As a natural extension of our U.S. and European High Yield Bond strategies, Oaktree's Global High Yield Bond strategy targets the most attractive risk/return opportunities we identify across the developed world. The strategy seeks to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns by investing in the lower-rated yet creditworthy performing bonds of North American and European corporations. Our Global High Yield Bond portfolios are co-managed by Sheldon Stone and David Rosenberg, Oaktree's U.S. High Yield Bond co-portfolio managers, and James Turner,  Oaktree’s European High Yield Bond portfolio manager, and benefit from a highly experienced research team.

"Our investment philosophy centers around employing a highly disciplined, credit-intensive research approach to construct a diversified, risk-controlled portfolio," says Mr. Stone. "We believe the avoidance of defaults is the most reliable source of superior performance."

Allocations between North America and Europe are based on an issue-by-issue relative value framework and market technicals. We do not select investments based on anticipated interest rate movements and resulting price fluctuations since we view these events as beyond our ability to predict with sufficient accuracy. In constructing our portfolios, we avoid concentrations by industry or company because, as we see it, thoughtful diversification is one of the most cost-effective means of mitigating the impact of credit problems.


 
Learn more about Oaktree's U.S. Mutual Funds and UCITS Funds.


Click here for information regarding risk disclosures associated with our strategies.









GLOBAL HIGH YIELD BOND TEAM


Sheldon Stone

Co-Portfolio Manager


David Rosenberg

Co-Portfolio Manager


James Turner

Co-Portfolio Manager


See the
complete team






ABOUT THE STRATEGY 



 


Assets Under Management
$4,526 million


 


Location

Los Angeles, London



 


Strategy Inception
1999 (Expanded High Yield Bond product)
            2010 (Global High Yield Bond strategy)
















	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















Special Edition: Navigating Cycles




Read Paper















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


04/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call for April 27, 2017


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations












	About Oaktree
































































Investment Philosophy


Business Principles


Responsible Investing


Our Communities Matter











Home/ About



About

Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid-1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Today, Oaktree comprises over 900 employees in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, Stamford, Houston, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam*, Dublin*, Luxembourg*, Dubai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai and Sydney. We have 34 portfolio managers with average experience of 23 years and over 780 years of combined investment experience.

The firm’s competitive advantages include its experienced team of investment professionals, a global platform and a unifying investment philosophy. This investment philosophy, which consists of six tenets - risk control, consistency, market inefficiency, specialization, bottom-up analysis and disavowal of market timing - is complemented by a set of core business principles that articulate Oaktree’s commitment to excellence in investing, commonality of interests with clients, a collaborative and cooperative culture, and a disciplined, opportunistic approach to the expansion of offerings.

As a result of consistent application of our philosophy and principles, Oaktree has earned a large and distinguished  clientele. Among Oaktree's global clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.

Our expertise investing across the capital structure has allowed us to cultivate a diversified mix of global investment strategies in six categories: distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Importantly, the expansion of our strategies has been achieved primarily through “step-outs” into highly related fields, based on identifying markets that (a) we believe have the potential for attractive returns, and (b) can be exploited in a manner consistent with the firm’s risk-controlled philosophy.


*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
 

Historical Assets Under Management (AUM)1




 
Global Presence2




 
Clients
Oaktree manages assets on behalf of many of the most significant institutional investors worldwide.  Our investor base includes pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds.  Among our clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.
 
Client Mix (by AUM)1








■
Public Funds
23%


■
Corporate Pensions
16%


■
Insurance Companies
9%


■
Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
9%


■
Sovereign Wealth Funds
8%


■
Corporate
8%


■
Endowments/Foundations
6%


■
Private - HNW/Family Offices
5%


■
Oaktree and Affiliates
4%


■
Fund of Funds
3%


■
Unions
2%


■
Other
7%








 
Regional Mix (by AUM)1






■
Americas
71%


■
Europe, Middle East & Africa
16%


■
Asia Pacific
13%








 
Products
Oaktree's foremost priority is to provide its clients superior risk adjusted performance in alternative asset classes. The company invests in closed-end, open-end and evergreen vehicles across six asset classes.






■
Corporate Debt
41%


■
Distressed Debt
26%


■
Control Investing
15%


■
Real Estate
9%


■
Convertible Securities
5%


■
Listed Equities
4%












Investment Strategies (by AUM)1
($ in millions)




Corporate Debt




$ 40,608









U.S. High Yield Bonds


17,204




Global High Yield Bonds


4,526




European High Yield Bonds


1,045




U.S. Senior Loans


8,267




European Senior Loans


3,533




European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


273




Strategic Credit


3,050




U.S. Private Debt


1,372




European Private Debt


915




Emerging Markets Debt Total Return


423





















Convertible Securities




$ 5,381









U.S. Convertibles


2,935




Non-U.S. Convertibles


1,444




High Income Convertibles


1,002





















Distressed Debt




$ 25,787









Distressed Opportunities


23,702




Value Opportunities


1,126




Emerging Markets Opportunities


959





















Control Investing




$ 14,642









Special Situations3


3,911




European Principal


6,014




Infrastructure Investing


2,938




Power Opportunities


1,779





















Real Estate




$ 8,635









Real Estate Opportunities


6,261




Real Estate Debt


1,761




Real Estate Value-Add


613





















Listed Equities




$ 4,132









Emerging Markets Equities


3,603




Emerging Markets Absolute Return


125




Value Equities


404








 
The "Investment Strategies (by AUM)" table and "Asset Class Mix (by AUM)" graph above exclude  $75 million of assets in the Japan Opportunities strategy.
1All assets under management figures presented on this site are as of June 30, 2017.
2 Includes offices of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds in Amsterdam, Luxemburg and Dublin.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.




















	People
































































Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners


Investment Professionals


Marketing and Client Relations


Corporate











Home/ People



People



RELATED LINKS


Our people are guided by our business principles and investment philosophy.


We invest and serve clients globally through offices located in 18 cities in 13 countries.




Oaktree's people — located in offices around the world — have the shared values and complementary skills that lead to our success as a firm. All members of our team, no matter what their roles, work together in accordance with our business principles and our investment philosophy and have a vested interest in our success. This commitment is reflected by the fact that our personnel tend to stay with our firm over the long term.


Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners
Investment Professionals
Marketing and Client Relations
Corporate













	Contact Us



























































Contact Us
 









Los Angeles
p +1 213 830-6300






New York
p +1 212 284-1900








Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800 






London 
p +44 20 7201-4600 







United States





Oaktree Global Headquarters


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
333 South Grand Ave., 28th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
p +1 213 830-6300
f +1 213 830-6293




Brentwood


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
11611 San Vicente Blvd., Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90049
p +1 310 442-0542
f +1 310 442-0540




Houston


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 950
Houston, TX 77024
p +1 713 496-9360

f +1 713 496-9365





New York – Sixth


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
1301 Avenue of the Americas
34th Floor
New York, NY 10019
p +1 212 284-1900
f +1 212 284-1901




New York – Park



Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
277 Park Avenue, 45th Floor
New York, NY 10172
p +1 646 857-8700
f +1 646 857-8848




Stamford


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
680 Washington Blvd.
6th Floor
Stamford, CT 06901
p +1 203 363-3200
f +1 203 363-3210






Europe and Middle East





Amsterdam*



Barbara Strozzilaan 201
1083 HN
Amsterdam
The Netherlands
p +31 20 579 2128
f +31 20 579 2129




Dubai


Oaktree Capital Management (Dubai) Limited**
Dubai International Financial Centre,
Office 5, The Gate Building, Level 15,
PO Box 121208
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
p +971 440-19877




Dublin*



2nd Floor
27 Merrion Square
Dublin 2
Ireland
p +353 1 662 1301





Frankfurt



Oaktree GmbH
Frankfurter Welle
An der Welle 3
9th Floor
60322 Frankfurt Am Main
Germany
p +49 69 244 339-3000
f +49 69 244 339-3199




London



Oaktree Capital Management (UK) LLP***
Verde
10 Bressenden Place
London SW1E 5DH
United Kingdom
p +44 20 7201-4600
f +44 20 7201-4601




Luxembourg*



26A, boulevard Royal, 7th Floor
L-2449 Luxembourg
p +352 26 63 25 47 00
f +352 26 63 25 99





Paris



Oaktree France S.A.S.
64, rue de Lisbonne
75008 Paris, France
p +33 1 42 99 15 15
f +33 1 42 99 15 11
















Asia Pacific





Beijing


Oaktree Capital (Beijing) Ltd.
Suite 8, 14th Floor
China World Office 1,
No. 1 Jianguomenwai Ave.
Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100004, China
p +86 10 6535-0208
f +86 10 6535-0209




Hong Kong



Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited
Suite 2001, 20/F, Champion Tower
3 Garden Road
Central, Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800
f +852 3655-6900




Seoul



Oaktree Capital (Seoul) Limited
6/F Pangaea Building
7-25, Gangnam-daero 27-gil 
Seocho-gu 
Seoul 137-889, Korea
p +82 2 2191-8000
f +82 2 2191-8080





Shanghai



Oaktree Overseas Investment Fund Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Suite 833, Level 8
Shanghai International Finance Centre, Tower 2
No 8 Century Avenue, Pudong, Shanghai, PRC, 200120
p +86 21 60627389




Singapore



Oaktree Capital Management Pte. Ltd.
80 Raffles Place
#51-03 UOB Plaza 1
Singapore 048624
p +65 6305-6550
f +65 6305-6551




Sydney


Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited****
Australia Branch
Suite 4, Level 27
Governor Macquarie Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
p +612 8278 9248





Tokyo



Oaktree Japan, GK
Atago Green Hills Mori Tower
37th Floor
2-5-1 Atago, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Japan 105-6237
p +81 3-5776-6760
f +81 3-5776-6761














*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
**Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, effective October 3, 2013
***Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority Registered in England, No. OC363917
**** Registered as a foreign company with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ARBN 609 956 836)




 














Current Clients and Limited Partners




Please contact your local Marketing or Client Services Representative(s) via the following regional email addresses:






            Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com





            Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com





            Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com







            Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK) Unitholders
            



            Please email us at:
investorrelations@
            oaktreecapital.com







Debt Investors


Please email us at:
debtholderinquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com










Media 1


 Please email us at:
mediainquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com


1 Members of the media should note that Oaktree generally does not comment on its activities























	Individual Investors
































































Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors


Public Unitholders











Home/ Investors/ Individual Investors



Individual Investors
 
We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.


Private Vehicles
Allow qualified investors to participate in Oaktree’s products through private commingled investment vehicles.


Public Vehicles
Provide investors access to select Oaktree products through public commingled investment vehicles with daily liquidity.

Learn more about Oaktree's Public Vehicles.













	Login | OCP



































































Oaktree Client Portal Login













Username







*




Password







*







Forgot your password?








If you have any questions or concerns regarding your Oaktree Client Portal login, please contact your regional Client Services team:
> Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com
> Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com
> Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com




















	Strategies
































































Corporate Debt


Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies



Strategies

Investors may access our strategy offerings via different structure and vehicle types, as shown below, based on their investor type (e.g., institutional or individual), as well as their liquidity profile and investment horizon.


















Liquidity


Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors




Asset Classes


Strategies


Frequent1


Limited2


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds





















Corporate Debt






















U.S. High Yield Bonds






















































































Global High Yield Bonds






















































































European High Yield Bonds






















































































U.S. Senior Loans






















































































European Senior Loans






















































































European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans






















































































Strategic Credit






















































































U.S. Private Debt






















































































European Private Debt






















































































Emerging Markets Debt Total Return

























































































Convertible Securities






















U.S. Convertibles






















































































Non-U.S. Convertibles






















































































High Income Convertibles

























































































Distressed Debt






















Distressed Opportunities






















































































Value Opportunities






















































































Emerging Markets Opportunities

























































































Control Investing






















Special Situations3






















































































European Principal






















































































Power Opportunities






















































































Infrastructure Investing

























































































Real Estate






















Real Estate Opportunities






















































































Real Estate Value-Add






















































































Real Estate Debt

























































































Listed Equities






















Emerging Markets Absolute Return






















































































Emerging Markets Equities






















































































Value Equities

























































































Multi-Strategy Solutions






















Multi-Strategy Credit






























































































Corporate Debt










U.S. High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Global High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Strategic Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Debt Total Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Convertible Securities










U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Non-U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






High Income Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Distressed Debt










Distressed Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Control Investing










Special Situations3




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Principal




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Power Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Infrastructure Investing




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Real Estate










Real Estate Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Value-Add




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Listed Equities










Emerging Markets Absolute Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Multi-Strategy Solutions










Multi-Strategy Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds











1 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from daily to quarterly.

2 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from quarterly to three years or the end of the term of the vehicle.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.















  OHYIX Quote - Oaktree High Yield Bond Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Oaktree High Yield Bond Fund   OHYIX:US   NASDAQ GM        10.24USD   0.01   0.10%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/26/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   9.89 - 10.29    1 Yr Return   8.70%    YTD Return   4.93%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   10.23    52Wk Range   9.89 - 10.29    1 Yr Return   8.70%    YTD Return   4.93%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   High Yield Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 07/26/2017)   10.24    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/26/2017)   26.845    Inception Date   12/16/2014    Last Dividend (on 06/30/2017)   0.11752    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   4.59%    Fund Managers   SHELDON M STONE    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.60%    Expense Ratio   0.95%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        EK294172:COR   TITIM 5.303 05/30/24    400.00 415.50 k 1.62      EK553852:COR   S 7 ¼ 09/15/21    340.00 372.73 k 1.46      EJ467903:COR   HCA 6 ¼ 02/15/21    335.00 364.31 k 1.42      QJ514418:COR   FDC 7 12/01/23    265.00 284.80 k 1.11      EK179820:COR   SFRFP 5 ⅝ 05/15/24    225.00 265.15 k 1.04      JV269506:COR   LVLT 5 ⅛ 05/01/23    250.00 257.19 k 1.01      QZ571358:COR   ISATLN 6 ½ 10/01/24    200.00 212.00 k 0.83      EK171707:COR   WINDIM 7 ⅜ 04/23/21    200.00 208.50 k 0.82      EK717215:COR   ALTICE 7 ⅝ 02/15/25    200.00 205.75 k 0.80      LW997878:COR   FAGEGA 5 ⅝ 08/15/26    200.00 204.00 k 0.80           Profile   Oaktree High Yield Bond Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide current income and capital appreciation. The Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in bonds that are, at the time of investment, rated below investment grade.    Address  Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.333 South Grand Ave., 28th FloorLos Angeles, CA 90071   Phone  -   Website   -              
Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/high-yield-bond/oaktree-high-yield-bond-fund/ohyix" on this server.
Reference #18.5f370760.1501165775.beeed23



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/rankings/high-yield-bond" on this server.
Reference #18.abef54b8.1501165775.461052b6





 SECGems: OAKTREE HIGH YIELD BOND FUND, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 OAKTREE HIGH YIELD BOND FUND, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
11













	 
	
	 C/O OAKTREE CAPITAL MANGEMENT, L.P.
	 
	  333 SOUTH GRAND AVENUE, 28TH FLOOR
	
	   LOS ANGELES, 
	   CA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   2138306300    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2017-03-30OAKTREE HIGH YIELD BOND FUND, L.P.


2011-04-22OAKTREE HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P.


2010-03-09OCM HIGH YIELD LP1995-05-26


2010-03-09OCM HIGH YIELD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP








Central Index Key (CIK)
0000945816
State of Incorporation
CA
Country of Incorporation
USA










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Bruce A Karsh


9




 Daniel Levin


1




 David M Kirchheimer


8




 Howard S Marks


9




 Jay Wintrob


4




 John B Frank


9




 Kevin Clayton


5




 Lawrence Keele


6




 Sheldon Stone


9




 Stephen A Kaplan


8











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Ace Strategic Credit Holdings (Cayman), L.P. (0001701800) 


1




 Exelon Strategic Credit Holdings, LLC (0001701819) 


1




 OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC


1




 OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP (0000949509) 


1




 OAKTREE EUROPEAN HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P. (0001087221) 


1




 OAKTREE EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS FUND, L.P. (0001687671) 


1




 OAKTREE EXPANDED HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P. (0001087222) 


1




 OAKTREE HIGH INCOME CONVERTIBLE FUND II, L.P. (0001219635) 


1




 OAKTREE HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P. (0000945816) 


10




 OAKTREE NON-U.S. CONVERTIBLE FUND, L.P. (0000946224) 


1




 OAKTREE SENIOR LOAN FUND LP (0001456947) 


1




 OCM Avalon Co-Investment Fund, L.P. (0001702108) 


1




 OCM CONVERTIBLE TRUST (0001461251) 


1




 OCM EUROPEAN HIGH YIELD FUND L P


1




 OCM EUROPEAN HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P.


1




 OCM EXPANDED HIGH YIELD FUND L P


1




 OCM EXPANDED HIGH YIELD FUND, L.P.


1




 OCM HIGH INCOME CONVERTABLE FUND II LP


1




 OCM HIGH INCOME CONVERTIBLE FUND II, L.P.


1




 OCM HIGH INCOME CONVERTIBLE LP


1




 OCM HIGH YIELD LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (0000945816) 


11




 OCM HIGH YIELD LP (0000945816) 


12




 OCM HIGH YIELD TRUST (0001460557) 


1




 OCM High Income Convertible Limited Partnership


1




 OCM INTERNATIONAL CONVERTIBLE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


1




 Oaktree BAA Emerging Market Opportunities Fund, L.P. (0001701822) 


1




 Oaktree Boulder Investment Fund, L.P. (0001701823) 


1




 Oaktree CLO 2014-1 Ltd. (0001701923) 


1




 Oaktree CLO 2014-2 Ltd. (0001701922) 


1




 Oaktree CLO 2015-1 Ltd. (0001701921) 


1




 Oaktree Cascade Investment Fund I, L.P. (0001701925) 


1




 Oaktree Cascade Investment Fund II, L.P. (0001701924) 


1




 Oaktree Desert Sky Investment Fund, L.P. (0001702080) 


1




 Oaktree EIF I Series A Ltd. (0001702084) 


1




 Oaktree EIF I Series A1 Ltd. (0001702030) 


1




 Oaktree EIF II Series A1 Ltd. (0001702330) 


1




 Oaktree EIF II Series A2 Ltd. (0001702357) 


1




 Oaktree EIF II Series B1 Ltd. (0001702310) 


1




 Oaktree EIF III Series I Ltd. (0001702299) 


1




 Oaktree EIF III Series II Ltd. (0001702329) 


1




 Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund, L.P.


1




 Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return Fund, L.P. (0001702443) 


1




 Oaktree Emerging Markets Debt Total Return Fund, L.P. (0001691168) 


1




 Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund, L.P. (0001702328) 


1




 Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund III (Parallel), L.P. (0001638472) 


1




 Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund III, L.P. (0001638551) 


1




 Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund (Parallel), L.P. (0001702154) 


1




 Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund, L.P. (0001651209) 


1




 Oaktree European Principal Fund IV, L.P. (0001651205) 


1




 Oaktree European Principal Fund IV, S.C.S. (0001702204) 


1




 Oaktree FF Investment Fund, L.P. (0001519867) 


1




 Oaktree Glacier Investment Fund, L.P. (0001702155) 


1




 Oaktree Global Credit Fund, L.P. (0001702156) 


1




 Oaktree Global High Yield Bond Fund, L.P. (0001624742) 


1




 Oaktree High Income Convertible Fund, L.P. (0001162436) 


1




 Oaktree High Yield Fund, II L.P. (0001701706) 


1




 Oaktree Huntington Investment Fund II, L.P. (0001687181) 


1




 Oaktree Infrastructure Fund (Parallel), L.P. (0001668698) 


1




 Oaktree Infrastructure Fund, L.P. (0001669049) 


1




 Oaktree Infrastructure Fund, S.C.S. (0001702157) 


1




 Oaktree Japan Absolute Return Fund, L.P. (0001686944) 


1




 Oaktree Juniper Investment Fund, L.P. (0001702151) 


1




 Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV, L.P. (0001601112) 


1




 Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P. (0001697918) 


1




 Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Unlevered Fund, L.P. (0001697917) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund X (Parallel 2), L.P. (0001702152) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund X (Parallel), L.P. (0001627222) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund X, L.P. (0001615827) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb (Parallel 2), L.P. (0001702153) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb (Parallel), L.P. (0001627237) 


1




 Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb, L.P. (0001615831) 


1




 Oaktree Pinnacle Investment Fund, L.P. (0001702301) 


1




 Oaktree Power Opportunities Fund IV (Parallel), L.P. (0001701705) 


1




 Oaktree Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. (0001622599) 


1




 Oaktree Principal Fund VI, L.P. (0001570588) 


1




 Oaktree Private Investment Fund IV, L.P. (0001619599) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II S.C.S. (0001702164) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II, L.P. (0001671937) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Income Fund, L.P. (0001695956) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel 2), L.P. (0001702199) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel 3), L.P. (0001702200) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel 4), L.P. (0001702201) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P. (0001702203) 


1




 Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII, L.P. (0001614616) 


1




 Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund A, L.P. (0001607809) 


1




 Oaktree Strategic Credit Fund B, L.P. (0001600709) 


1




 Oaktree Strategic Income LLC (0001633748) 


1




 Oaktree TT Multi-Strategy Fund, L.P. (0001702150) 


1




 Oaktree TX Emerging Market Opportunities Fund, L.P. (0001702166) 


1




 Oaktree Value Equity Fund, L.P. (0001600269) 


1




 Oaktree Value Opportunities Fund, L.P. (0001474244) 


1




 Oaktree-Forrest Multi-Strategy,LLC (0001699745) 


1




 Oaktree-Minn Strategic Credit, LLC (0001702165) 


1




 Oaktree-NGP Strategic Credit, LLC (0001702300) 


1




 Oaktree-TBMR Strategic Credit Fund C, LLC (0001702162) 


1




 Oaktree-TBMR Strategic Credit Fund F, LLC (0001702161) 


1




 Oaktree-TBMR Strategic Credit Fund G, LLC (0001702159) 


1




 Oaktree-TBMR Strategic Credit Fund, LLC (0001702160) 


1




 Oaktree-TCDRS Strategic Credit, LLC (0001702158) 


1




 Oaktree-TSE 16 Strategic Credit, LLC (0001702163) 


1







 








db
 
 










































OAKTREE HIGH YIELD FUND II, L.P. - LOS ANGELES, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LOS ANGELES



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            OAKTREE HIGH YIELD FUND II, L.P.
                                    



 





















O 


OAKTREE HIGH YIELD FUND II, L.P.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



333 S GRAND AVE FL 28 LOS ANGELES, CA 90071
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















JPMorgan High Yield Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan High Yield Fund(OHYAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN HIGH YIELD FUND

Income potential with high yield.

Driven by macro insights and bottom-up fundamental credit research, the High Yield Fund aims to deliver greater income and return potential than core bond holdings, with lower risk than stocks.
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Experienced management team has worked together through multiple market cycles over 28 years, including three recessions.

Portfolio


		Combines bottom-up analysis with top-down insight to actively manage credit profile against market risk.

Success


		Consistently delivered lower volatility vs. its benchmark over the long term.

		Top-quartile performance 89% of the time vs. Morningstar High Yield Category over rolling 10-year periods.1





	ROLLING 10-YEAR PERCENTILE RETURN RANKING


 



1For I Shares; High-yield bond category; Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield-2% Issuer Capped Index. Rolling 10-year periods since fund inception (11/13/1998), as of 3/31/17. Ranked as follows: 1-yr. (332/697), 3-yrs. (229/596), 5-yrs. (191/471) and 10-yrs. (78/318).

Chart source: Morningstar; as of 3/31/17. Shown for illustrative purposes only; calculated using monthly returns since 12/1/08 – 3/31/17. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan High Yield Fund (I Class Shares) underperformed the benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index, for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		The Fund’s security selection within energy has hurt performance. We have consciously chosen to be overweight in a select few higher-volatility names that have traded off amid the recent moves in oil. We see these names as capable of surviving in a lower-for-longer oil environment despite their sensitivity to short-term oil price moves.

		BB-rated credit outperformed, reversing the trend of higher quality underperforming the market seen in 2016 and the first quarter. Our underweight positioning in higher-quality credit hurt performance.

		The Fund’s security selection in the industrial other, avoiding an issuer that went bankrupt, was positive for performance.

		Also adding to performance were market-beating returns in several pharmaceutical names we had viewed as undervalued.


	Looking ahead


		High-yield bonds have been on a remarkable run over the past 16 months, providing investors more than 2.5 times coupon returns over the bull market, driven by the global search for yield, stable economic and credit fundamentals, and increasingly positive views on commodities sectors.

		Volatility in individual sectors (energy and retail) will likely present opportunities to position opportunistically, and we see high yield as an extended sector that can continue to provide diversification and yield to a variety of portfolios.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William J.  Morgan Portfolio Manager







 James P.  Shanahan JrPortfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: High Yield (A)




Fund Story: High Yield Fund


Presentation: High Yield Fund






Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Leveraged Credit Mutual Fund Commentary 6/30/2017




Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - High Yield Fund


Product Guide

Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Supplemental Data Sheet - High Yield Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan High Yield Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Additional Information







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.00% for A Shares, 1.50% for C Shares, 0.75% for I Shares, 1.35% for R2 Shares, 0.70% for R5 Shares and 0.60% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2018 for A Shares, 10/31/2018 for C Shares, 10/31/2018 for I Shares, 10/31/2018 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2018 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield - 2% Issuer Capped Index is comprised of fixed rate, non-investment grade debt securities that are dollar denominated and non-convertible. The index limits the maximum exposure to any one issuer to 2%. The performance of the Lipper High Yield Bond Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are considered "high-yield," "non-investment grade," "below investment-grade," or "junk bonds." They generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor's and Moody's Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. The rate of return anticipated on a bond if it is held until the maturity date.  Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.


















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights
















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 











































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund (PRHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				High Yield Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Closed to new Retail investors
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments






			
				
				
				Closed to new Retail Investors as of April 27, 2012 at 4pm EST
				
				
				
			
			




 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$6.81
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.67%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$6.51
							
							-
							
								$6.81
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$9,521.22

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
474
and 
317
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.52%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					11.97%
				
			

				
					11.97%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.80%
				
			

				
					3.80%
				
			


5 Years

				
					6.78%
				
			

				
					6.78%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.93%
				
			

				
					6.93%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.33%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.33%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 31, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:59:16 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari












