

	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















Special Edition: Navigating Cycles




Read Paper















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/27/2017

Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations












	People
































































Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners


Investment Professionals


Marketing and Client Relations


Corporate











Home/ People



People



RELATED LINKS


Our people are guided by our business principles and investment philosophy.


We invest and serve clients globally through offices located in 18 cities in 13 countries.




Oaktree's people — located in offices around the world — have the shared values and complementary skills that lead to our success as a firm. All members of our team, no matter what their roles, work together in accordance with our business principles and our investment philosophy and have a vested interest in our success. This commitment is reflected by the fact that our personnel tend to stay with our firm over the long term.


Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners
Investment Professionals
Marketing and Client Relations
Corporate













	About Oaktree
































































Investment Philosophy


Business Principles


Responsible Investing


Our Communities Matter











Home/ About



About

Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid-1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Today, Oaktree comprises over 900 employees in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, Stamford, Houston, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam*, Dublin*, Luxembourg*, Dubai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai and Sydney. We have 34 portfolio managers with average experience of 23 years and over 780 years of combined investment experience.

The firm’s competitive advantages include its experienced team of investment professionals, a global platform and a unifying investment philosophy. This investment philosophy, which consists of six tenets - risk control, consistency, market inefficiency, specialization, bottom-up analysis and disavowal of market timing - is complemented by a set of core business principles that articulate Oaktree’s commitment to excellence in investing, commonality of interests with clients, a collaborative and cooperative culture, and a disciplined, opportunistic approach to the expansion of offerings.

As a result of consistent application of our philosophy and principles, Oaktree has earned a large and distinguished  clientele. Among Oaktree's global clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.

Our expertise investing across the capital structure has allowed us to cultivate a diversified mix of global investment strategies in six categories: distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Importantly, the expansion of our strategies has been achieved primarily through “step-outs” into highly related fields, based on identifying markets that (a) we believe have the potential for attractive returns, and (b) can be exploited in a manner consistent with the firm’s risk-controlled philosophy.


*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
 

Historical Assets Under Management (AUM)1




 
Global Presence2




 
Clients
Oaktree manages assets on behalf of many of the most significant institutional investors worldwide.  Our investor base includes pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds.  Among our clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.
 
Client Mix (by AUM)1








■
Public Funds
23%


■
Corporate Pensions
16%


■
Insurance Companies
9%


■
Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
9%


■
Sovereign Wealth Funds
8%


■
Corporate
8%


■
Endowments/Foundations
6%


■
Private - HNW/Family Offices
5%


■
Oaktree and Affiliates
4%


■
Fund of Funds
3%


■
Unions
2%


■
Other
7%








 
Regional Mix (by AUM)1






■
Americas
71%


■
Europe, Middle East & Africa
16%


■
Asia Pacific
13%








 
Products
Oaktree's foremost priority is to provide its clients superior risk adjusted performance in alternative asset classes. The company invests in closed-end, open-end and evergreen vehicles across six asset classes.






■
Corporate Debt
41%


■
Distressed Debt
26%


■
Control Investing
15%


■
Real Estate
9%


■
Convertible Securities
5%


■
Listed Equities
4%












Investment Strategies (by AUM)1
($ in millions)




Corporate Debt




$ 40,608









U.S. High Yield Bonds


17,204




Global High Yield Bonds


4,526




European High Yield Bonds


1,045




U.S. Senior Loans


8,267




European Senior Loans


3,533




European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


273




Strategic Credit


3,050




U.S. Private Debt


1,372




European Private Debt


915




Emerging Markets Debt Total Return


423





















Convertible Securities




$ 5,381









U.S. Convertibles


2,935




Non-U.S. Convertibles


1,444




High Income Convertibles


1,002





















Distressed Debt




$ 25,787









Distressed Opportunities


23,702




Value Opportunities


1,126




Emerging Markets Opportunities


959





















Control Investing




$ 14,642









Special Situations3


3,911




European Principal


6,014




Infrastructure Investing


2,938




Power Opportunities


1,779





















Real Estate




$ 8,635









Real Estate Opportunities


6,261




Real Estate Debt


1,761




Real Estate Value-Add


613





















Listed Equities




$ 4,132









Emerging Markets Equities


3,603




Emerging Markets Absolute Return


125




Value Equities


404








 
The "Investment Strategies (by AUM)" table and "Asset Class Mix (by AUM)" graph above exclude  $75 million of assets in the Japan Opportunities strategy.
1All assets under management figures presented on this site are as of June 30, 2017.
2 Includes offices of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds in Amsterdam, Luxemburg and Dublin.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.




















	Memos from Howard Marks




































































Memos from Howard Marks


Oaktree Insights


Videos







Archived Memos








2017








Lines in the Sand







Expert Opinion








2016








Go Figure!







Implications of the Election







Political Reality







Economic Reality







What Does the Market Know?







On the Couch








2015








Inspiration from the World of Sports







It’s not Easy







Risk Revisited Again







Liquidity








2014








The Lessons of Oil







Risk Revisited







Dare to Be Great II







Getting Lucky








2013








The Race Is On







The Role of Confidence







The Outlook For Equities







High Yield Bonds Today







Ditto








2012








A Fresh Start (Hopefully)







On Uncertain Ground







It's All A Big Mistake







Déjà Vu All Over Again







Assessing Performance Records A Case Study







What Can We Do For You?








2011








It's All Very Taxing







What's Behind the Downturn?







Down to the Wire







How Quickly They Forget







On Regulation








2010








Open and Shut







All That Glitters







Hemlines







It’s Greek to Me







Warning Flags







I’d Rather Be Wrong







Tell Me I’m Wrong








2009








Touchstones







So Much That’s False and Nutty







Will It Work?







The Long View








2008








Volatility + Leverage = Dynamite







The Limits to Negativism







Nobody Knows







Plan B







What Worries Me







Doesn’t Make Sense







The Aviary







The Tide Goes Out







Whodunit







Now What?








2007








No Different This Time – The Lessons of ‘07







Now It’s All Bad?







It’s All Good







It’s All Good . . . Really?







Everyone Knows







The Race to the Bottom








2006








Pigweed







The New Paradigm







Dare to Be Great







You Can’t Eat IRR







Returns, Absolute Returns and Risk







It Is What It Is







Risk








2005








Hindsight First, Please (or, What Were They Thinking?)







A Case in Point







There They Go Again







Oaktree at Ten








2004








Hedge Funds: A Case for Caution







Risk and Return Today







The Happy Medium







Us and Them







Hey, Steward!!








2003








The Feeling's Mutual







What’s Your Game Plan?







The Most Important Thing







What's Going On?







Whad’Ya Know?








2002








Returns and How They Get That Way







Etorre's Wisdom







Quo Vadis?







The Realist's Creed







Learning From Enron








2001








You Can't Predict. You Can Prepare.







What Lies Ahead?







Notes from New York







What's It All About, Alpha?







Safety First . . . But Where?








2000








We're Not In 1999 Anymore, Toto







Investment Miscellany







Irrational Exuberance







bubble.com








1999








How's the Market?








1998








Genius Isn't Enough (and Other Lessons from Long-Term Capital Management)







Who Knew?








1996








Will It Be Different This Time?







The Value of Predictions II (or "Give That Man a Cigar")








1995








How the Game Should Be Played








1994








"How Does an Inefficient Market Get That Way?"







"Risk in Today's Markets" Revisited







Risk in Today's Markets







Random Thoughts on the Identification of Investment Opportunities








1993








The Value of Predictions, or Where'd All This Rain Come From?








1992








Microeconomics 101: Supply, Demand and Convertibles








1991








First Quarter Performance








1990








The Route to Performance

















Home/ Insights/ Memos from Howard Marks







Subscribe to receive an email notification when a new memo is posted


 There They Go Again...Again  


 Watch Video  

Memo to
Oaktree Clients


From
Howard Marks


Re
There They Go Again...Again



Latest memo from Howard Marks: There They Go Again...Again





Some of the memos I’m happiest about having written came at times when bullish trends went too far, risk aversion disappeared and bubbles inflated.  The first and best example is probably “bubble.com,” which raised questions about Internet and e-commerce stocks on the first business day of 2000.  As I tell it, after ten years without a single response, that one made my memo writing an overnight success.  
 
Another was “The Race to the Bottom” (February 2007), which talked about the mindless shouldering of risk that takes place when investors are eager to put money to work.  Both of those memos raised doubts about investment trends that soon turned out to have been big mistakes.
 
Those are only two of the many cautionary memos I’ve written over the years.  In the last cycle, they started coming two years before “The Race to the Bottom” and included “There They Go Again” (the inspiration for this memo’s title), “Hindsight First, Please,” “Everyone Knows” and “It’s All Good.”  When I wrote them, they appeared to be wrong for a while.  It took time before they were shown to have been right, and just too early.  
 
The memos that have raised yellow flags in the current up-cycle, starting with “How Quickly They Forget” in 2011 and including “On Uncertain Ground,” “Ditto,” and “The Race Is On,” also clearly were early, but so far they’re not right (and in fact, when you’re early by six or more years, it’s not clear you can ever be described as having been right).  Since I’ve written so many cautionary memos, you might conclude that I’m just a born worrier who eventually is made to be right by the operation of the cycle, as is inevitable given enough time.  I absolutely cannot disprove that interpretation.  But my response would be that it’s essential to take note when sentiment (and thus market behavior) crosses into too-bullish territory, even though we know rising trends may well roll on for some time, and thus that such warnings are often premature.  I think it’s better to turn cautious too soon (and thus perhaps underperform for a while) rather than too late, after the downslide has begun, making it hard to trim risk, achieve exits and cut losses.
 
Since I’m convinced “they” are at it again – engaging in willing risk-taking, funding risky deals and creating risky market conditions – it’s time for yet another cautionary memo.  Too soon?  I hope so; we’d rather make money for our clients in the next year or two than see the kind of bust that gives rise to bargains.  (We all want there to be bargains, but no one’s eager to endure the price declines that create them.)  Since we never know when risky behavior will bring on a market correction, I’m going to issue a warning today rather than wait until one is upon us.
 
I’m in the process of writing another book, going into great depth regarding one of the most important things discussed in my book The Most Important Thing: cycles, their causes, and what to do about them.  It will be out next year, but this memo will give you a preview regarding one of the most important cyclical phenomena.
 
Before starting in, I want to apologize for the length of this memo, almost double the norm.  First, the topic is wide-ranging – so much so that when I sat down to write, I found the task daunting.  Second, my recent vacation gave me the luxury of time for writing.  Believe it or not, I’ve cut what I could.  I think what remains is essential.


 Today’s Investment Environment
Because I don’t intend this to be a “macro memo,” incorporating a thorough review of the economic and market environment, I’ll merely reference what I think are the four most noteworthy components of current conditions:
 


The uncertainties are unusual in terms of number, scale and insolubility in areas including secular economic growth; the impact of central banks; interest rates and inflation; political dysfunction; geopolitical trouble spots; and the long-term impact of technology.


 


In the vast majority of asset classes, prospective returns are just about the lowest they’ve ever been.
    
 

Asset prices are high across the board.  Almost nothing can be bought below its intrinsic value, and there are few bargains.In general the best we can do is look for things that are less over-priced than others.
    
 

Pro-risk behavior is commonplace, as the majority of investors embrace increased risk as the route to the returns they want or need.



 
Ditto
In January 2013, I wrote a memo entitled “Ditto.”  Its thrust was that (a) history tends to repeat, (b) thus my memos often return to the same topics and (c) if I’ve handled them well in the past, rather than re-invent the wheel, I might as well borrow from what I’ve written before.  Ergo, “ditto.”
 
Few topics are more susceptible to this treatment than the process through which (a) investment fundamentals fluctuate cyclically; (b) investors overreact to the fluctuations; (c) the level of risk aversion incorporated in investor behavior fluctuates between excessive and inadequate; and thus (d) market conditions swing from depressed to elevated and treacherous.  Here’s how I summed up on this topic in “There They Go Again” (May 2005):
 
Given today’s paucity of prospective return at the low-risk end of the spectrum and the solutions being ballyhooed at the high-risk end, many investors are moving capital to riskier (or at least less traditional) investments.  But (a) they’re making those riskier investments just when the prospective returns on those investments are the lowest they’ve ever been; (b) they’re accepting return increments for stepping up in risk that are as slim as they’ve ever been; and (c) they’re signing up today for things they turned down (or did less of) in the past, when the prospective returns were much higher.  This may be exactly the wrong time to add to risk in pursuit of more return.  You want to take risk when others are fleeing from it, not when they’re competing with you to do so. 
 
Do you see any differences between then and now?  Is there any need to redo this description?  Not for me; I think “ditto” will suffice.  I’ll simply go on to borrow the conclusion from “The Race to the Bottom” (February 2007):
 
Today’s financial market conditions are easily summed up:  There’s a global glut of liquidity, minimal interest in traditional investments, little apparent concern about risk, and skimpy prospective returns everywhere.  Thus, as the price for accessing returns that are potentially adequate (but lower than those promised in the past), investors are readily accepting significant risk in the form of heightened leverage, untested derivatives and weak deal structures.  The current cycle isn’t unusual in its form, only its extent.  There’s little mystery about the ultimate outcome, in my opinion, but at this point in the cycle it’s the optimists who look best. 





The Seeds for a Boom
My son Andrew worked extensively with me in preparing this memo.  We particularly enjoyed making a list of the elements that typically form the foundation for a bull market, boom or bubble.  We concluded that some or all of the following are necessary conditions.  A few will give us a bull market.  All of them together will deliver a boom or bubble:
 


A benign environment – good results lull investors into complacency, as they get used to having their positive expectations rewarded.Gains in the recent past encourage the heated pursuit of further gains in the future (rather than suggest that past gains might have borrowed from future gains).
A grain of truth – the story supporting a boom isn’t created out of whole cloth; it generally coalesces around something real.The seed usually isn’t imaginary, just eventually overblown.
Early success – the gains enjoyed by the “wise man in the beginning” – the first to seize upon the grain of truth – tends to attract “the fool in the end” who jumps in too late.
More money than ideas – when capital is in oversupply, it is inevitable that risk aversion dries up, gullibility expands, and investment standards are relaxed.
Willing suspension of disbelief – the quest for gain overcomes prudence and deference to history.Everyone concludes “this time it’s different.”No story is too good to be true.
Rejection of valuation norms – all we hear is, “the asset is so great: there’s no price too high.”Buying into a fad regardless of price is the absolute hallmark of a bubble.
The pursuit of the new – old timers fare worst in a boom, with the gains going disproportionately to those who are untrammeled by knowledge of the past and thus able to buy into an entirely new future.
The virtuous circle – no one can see any end to the potential of the underlying truth or how high it can push the prices of related assets.It’s broadly accepted that trees can grow to the sky: “It can only go up.Nothing can stop it.”Certainly no one can picture things taking a turn for the worse.
Fear of missing out – when all the above becomes widespread, optimism prevails and no one can imagine a glitch.That causes most people to conclude that the greatest potential error lies in failing to participate in the current market darling.


 
Certainly many of the things listed above are in play today.  Performance has been good – with minor exceptions, quickly rectified – since the beginning of 2009 (that’s more than eight years).  There’s certainly more money around these days than high-return possibilities.  “New ideas” are readily accepted, and some things are viewed as representing virtuous circles.  
 
On the other hand, some of the usual ingredients are missing.  Most people (a) are conscious of the uncertainties listed above, (b) recognize that prospective returns are quite skimpy, and (c) accept that things are unlikely to go well forever.  That’s all healthy.
 
But on the third hand, most people can’t think of what might cause trouble anytime soon.  But it’s precisely when people can’t see what it is that could make things turn down that risk is highest, since they tend not to price in risks they can’t see.  With the negative catalyst so elusive and the return on cash at punitive levels, people worry more about being underinvested or bearing too little risk (and thus earning too low a return in good markets) than they do about losing money.  
 
This combination of elements presents today’s investors with a highly challenging environment.  The result is a world in which assets have appreciated significantly, risk aversion is low, and propositions are accepted that would be questioned if investors were more wary.   
 
Most of what remains for the meat of this memo will consist of descriptions of things afoot in the markets today.  They are intended – as usual with my memos – to be anecdotal and thought-provoking, not complete and scientific.  Think about how many of the things listed above you see in the examples that follow.

 
U.S. Equities
The good news is that the U.S. economy is the envy of the world, with the highest growth rate among developed nations and a slowdown unlikely in the near term.  The bad news is that this status generates demand for U.S. equities that has raised their prices to lofty levels.
 


The S&P 500 is selling at 25 times trailing-twelve-month earnings, compared to a long-term median of 15.
The Shiller Cyclically Adjusted PE Ratio stands at almost 30 versus a historic median of 16.  This multiple was exceeded only in 1929 and 2000 – both clearly bubbles.
While the “p” in p/e ratios is high today, the “e” has probably been inflated by cost cutting, stock buybacks, and merger and acquisition activity.  Thus today’s reported valuations, while high, may actually be understated relative to underlying profits.
The “Buffett Yardstick” – total U.S. stock market capitalization as a percentage of GDP – is immune to company-level accounting issues (although it isn’t perfect either).  It hit a new all-time high last month of around 145, as opposed to a 1970-95 norm of about 60 and a 1995-2017 median of about 100.
Finally, it can be argued that even the normal historic valuations aren’t merited, since economic growth may be slower in the coming years than it was in the post-World War II period when those norms were established.


 
The thing that is clearest is that the low Fed-mandated short-term interest rates make high valuations seem reasonable.  When yields are low on fixed income instruments, low earnings yields on equities (that is, low e/p ratios, which equate to high p/e ratios) seem justified.  As Buffett said in February, “Measured against interest rates, stocks actually are on the cheap side compared to historic valuations.”
 
But he went on to say, “. . . the risk always is that interest rates go up a lot, and that brings stocks down.”  Are you happy counting on continued low interest rates for your investment security, especially at a time when the Fed has embarked upon a series of rate increases?  And if interest rates do remain low for several more years, isn’t it likely to be as a result of a lack of vigor in the economy, which would likely cause earnings growth to be sluggish?
 

VIX
The value of an option contract is largely a function of the volatility of the asset under option.  For example, the owner of a “call” has the right – but not the obligation – to buy something at a fixed “strike price.”  Thus he should hope the asset will be volatile: if its price rises a lot, he can buy at the strike price and sell at the new, higher price, locking in a profit.  And what if it goes down a lot?  No matter; he isn’t obligated to buy.
 
Thus the expected volatility of the underlying asset is a key ingredient in determining the proper price for an option.  For example, everything else being equal, the more volatile an asset is expected to be, the more the buyer of a call should be willing to pay for it (since he participates in the gains but not the losses) and the more the seller of a call should charge for it (since he is forgoing upside potential but retaining downside risk).  This is reflected through option-pricing formulas such as the Black-Scholes Model.  
 
The formulas can also be used backwards.  Starting with the option price, you can figure out what level of volatility the buyers and sellers are anticipating.  Thus, ever since 1990, the Chicago Board Options Exchange has published the CBOE Volatility Index, or “VIX,” showing how volatile investors in options on the S&P 500 expect it to be over the next 30 days.  The attention paid to the VIX has increased in recent years, and it has come to be called the “complacency index” or the “investor fear gauge.”  When the VIX is low, investors are pricing in stable, tranquil markets, and when it’s high they’re anticipating major ups and downs.
 
The bottom line is that last week’s VIX was the lowest in its 27-year history – matching a level seen only once before.  The index was last this low when Bill Clinton took office in 1993, at a time when there was peace in the world, faster economic growth and a much smaller deficit.  Should people really be as complacent now as they were then?
 
What’s the significance of the VIX, anyway?  Most importantly, it doesn’t say what volatility will be, only what investors think volatility will be.  Thus it’s primarily an indicator of investor sentiment.  In “Expert Opinion” I quoted Warren Buffett as having said, “Forecasts usually tell us more of the forecaster than of the future.”  In a similar way, the VIX tells us more about people’s mood today than it does about volatility tomorrow.
 
All we really know is that implied volatility expectations are low today.  As with most things in investing, the VIX can be subject to multiple interpretations.  As Business Insider wrote on July 18:
 
While alarmists may view this [low level of VIX] as a negative — a signal that complacency has made traders vulnerable to an unforeseen shock — many investors simply see it as a byproduct of conditions ideal for stocks to continue edging higher.
 
I would add one last thing: people extrapolate.  So when volatility has been low, they tend to assume it will be low and build that assumption into the prices for options and assets.  The two are not the same. 
 

Super-Stocks
Bull markets are often marked by the anointment of a single group of stocks as “the greatest,” and the attractive legend surrounding this group is among the factors that support the bull move.  When taken to the extreme – as it invariably is – this phenomenon satisfies some of the elements in a boom listed on page four, including: 
 


trust in a virtuous circle incapable of being interrupted; 
conviction that, given the companies’ fundamental merit, there’s no price too high for their stocks; and 
the willing suspension of disbelief that allows investors to extrapolate these positive views to infinity. 


 
In the current iteration, these attributes are being applied to a small group of tech-based companies, which are typified by “the FAANGs”: Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google (now renamed Alphabet).  They all sport great business models and unchallenged leadership in their markets.  Most importantly, they’re viewed as having captured the future and thus as sure to be winners in the years to come.
 
True as far as it goes . . . just as it appeared to be true of the Nifty-Fifty in the 1960s, oil stocks in the ’70s, disk drive companies in the ’80s, and tech/media/telecom in the late ’90s.  But in each of those cases:
 


the environment changed in unforeseen ways,
it turned out that the newness of the business model had hidden its flaws,
competition arose,
excellence in the concept gave rise to weaknesses in execution, and/or
it was shown that even great fundamentals can become overpriced and thus give way to massive losses.


 
The FAANGs are truly great companies, growing rapidly and trouncing the competition (where it exists).  But some are doing so without much profitability, and for others profits are growing slower than revenues.  Some of them doubtless will be the great companies of tomorrow.  But will they all?  Are they invincible, and is their success truly inevitable?
 
The prices investors are paying for these stocks generally represent 30 or more years of the companies' current earnings. There are clear reasons to be excited about their growth in the near term, but what about the durability of earnings over the long term, where much of the value in a high-multiple stock necessarily lies?  Andrew points out that the iPhone is just ten years old, and twenty years ago the Internet wasn't in widespread use.  That raises the question of whether investors in technology can really see the future, and thus how happy they should be paying prices that incorporate optimistic assumptions regarding long-term earnings power.  Of course, this may just mean the best is yet to come for these fairly young companies.


Here’s a passage from one company’s 1997 letter to shareholders:
 
We established long-term relationships with many important strategic partners, including America Online, Yahoo!, Excite, Netscape, GeoCities, AltaVista, @Home, and Prodigy.
 
How many of these “important strategic partners” still exist in a meaningful way today (leaving aside the question of whether they’re important or strategic)?  The answer is zero (unless you believe Yahoo! satisfies the criteria, in which case the answer is one).  The source of the citation is Amazon’s 1997 annual report, and the bottom line is that the future is unpredictable, and nothing and no company is immune to glitches.
 
The super-stocks that lead a bull market inevitably become priced for perfection.  And in many cases the companies’ perfection turns out eventually to be either illusory or ephemeral.  Some of the “can’t lose” companies of the Nifty-Fifty were ultimately crippled by massive changes in their markets, including Kodak, Polaroid, Xerox, Sears and Simplicity Pattern (do you see many people sewing their own clothes these days?).  Not only did the perfection that investors had paid for evaporate, but even the successful companies’ stock prices reverted to more-normal valuation multiples, resulting in sub-par equity returns.  
 
The powerful multiple expansion that makes a small number of stocks the leaders in a bull market is often reversed in the correction that follows, saddling them with the biggest losses.  But when the mood is positive and things are going well, the likelihood of such a development is easily overlooked.
 
Finally, a rationale often arises to the effect that, thanks to market technicals, investors’ powerful buying of the leading stocks is sure to continue non-stop, meaning they can’t help but remain the best performers.  In the tech bubble of the late 1990’s, for example, investors concluded that:
 


stocks were doing so well that they would continue to attract capital,
since tech companies and tech stocks were the best performers, they were sure to continue attracting a disproportionate share of the new buying,
the superior performance of the tech stocks would cause more of them to be added to the stock indices,
this would require index funds and closet indexers to direct a rising share of their buying to tech stocks,
in order to keep up with the returns on the indices, benchmark-conscious active managers would have to respond by increasing their tech stock holdings, and,
thus tech stocks couldn’t fail to attract an ever-rising share of buying, and were sure to keep outperforming.


 
You can call this a virtuous circle or a perpetual motion machine.  It’s the kind of thing that fires investors’ imaginations in a bull market.  But the logic that says it will work forever always collapses, sometimes just under its own weight, as was the case in 2000.
 
Many of the most important considerations in investing are counterintuitive.  One of those is the ability to understand that no market, niche or group is likely to outperform the others forever.  Given human nature, “the best” will always come eventually to be overpriced, even for their stellar fundamentals.  Thus even if the fundamentals hold up, the stocks’ performance from those too-high prices will become ordinary.  And if they turn out not really to have been the best – or if their business falters – the combination of fundamental decline and multiple contraction can be really painful.
 
I’m not saying the FAANGs aren’t great, or that they’ll suffer such a fate.  Just that their elevated status today is a sign of the kind of investor optimism for which we must be on the lookout.


Passive Investing/ETFs
Fifty years ago, shortly after arriving at the University of Chicago for graduate school, I was taught that thanks to market efficiency, (a) assets are priced to provide fair risk-adjusted returns and (b) no one can consistently find the exceptions.  In other words, “you can’t beat the market.”  Our professors even advanced the idea of buying a little bit of each stock as a can’t-fail, low-cost way to outperform the stock-pickers.
 
John Bogle put that suggestion into practice.  Having founded Vanguard a year earlier, he launched the First Index Investment Trust in 1975, the first index fund to reach commercial scale.  As a vehicle designed to emulate the S&P 500, it was later renamed the Vanguard 500 Index Fund.
 
The concept of indexation, or passive investing, grew gradually over the next four decades, until it accounted for 20% of equity mutual fund assets in 2014.  Given the generally lagging performance of active managers over the last dozen or so years, as well as the creation of ETFs, or exchange-traded funds, which make transacting simpler, the shift from active to passive investing has accelerated.  Today it’s a powerful movement that has expanded to cover 37% of equity fund assets.  In the last ten years, $1.4 trillion has flowed into index mutual funds and ETFs (and $1.2 trillion out of actively managed mutual funds).
 
Like all investment fashions, passive investing is being warmly embraced for its positives:
 


Passive portfolios have outperformed active investing over the last decade or so.
With passive investing you’re guaranteed not to underperform the index.
Finally, the much lower fees and expenses on passive vehicles are certain to constitute a permanent advantage relative to active management.


 
Does that mean passive investing, index funds and ETFs are a no-lose proposition?  Certainly not:
 


While passive investors protect against the risk of underperforming, they also surrender the possibility of outperforming.
The recent underperformance on the part of active investors may well prove to be cyclical rather than permanent.
As a product of the last several years, ETFs’ promise of liquidity has yet to be tested in a major bear market, particularly in less-liquid fields like high yield bonds.


 
Here are a few more things worth thinking about:
 
Remember, the wisdom of passive investing stems from the belief that the efforts of active investors cause assets to be fairly priced – that’s why there are no bargains to find.  But what happens when the majority of equity investment comes to be managed passively?  Then prices will be freer to diverge from “fair,” and bargains (and over-pricings) should become more commonplace.  This won’t assure success for active managers, but certainly it will satisfy a necessary condition for their efforts to be effective.
 
One of my clients, the chief investment officer of a pension fund, told me the treasurer had proposed dumping all active managers and putting the whole fund into index funds and ETFs.  My response was simple: ask him how much of the fund he’s comfortable having in assets no one is analyzing.  
 
As Steven Bregman of Horizon Kinetics puts it, “basket-based mechanistic investing” is blindly moving trillions of dollars.  ETFs don’t have fundamental analysts, and because they don’t question valuations, they don’t contribute to price discovery.  Not only is the number of active managers’ analysts likely to decline if more money is shifted to passive investing, but people should also wonder about who’s setting the rules that govern passive funds’ portfolio construction.
 
The low fees and expenses that make passive investments attractive mean their organizers have to emphasize scale.  To earn higher fees than index funds and achieve profitable scale, ETF sponsors have been turning to “smarter,” not-exactly-passive vehicles.  Thus ETFs have been organized to meet (or create) demand for funds in specialized areas such as various stock categories (value or growth), stock characteristics (low volatility or high quality), types of companies, or geographies.  There are passive ETFs for people who want growth, value, high quality, low volatility and momentum.  Going to the extreme, investors now can choose from funds that invest passively in companies that have gender-diverse senior management, practice “biblically responsible investing,” or focus on medical marijuana, solutions to obesity, serving millennials, and whiskey and spirits.  
 
But what does “passive” mean when a vehicle’s focus is so narrowly defined?  Each deviation from the broad indices introduces definitional issues and non-passive, discretionary decisions.  Passive funds that emphasize stocks reflecting specific factors are called “smart-beta funds,” but who can say the people setting their selection rules are any smarter than the active managers who are so disrespected these days?  Bregman calls this “semantic investing,” meaning stocks are chosen on the basis of labels, not quantitative analysis.  There are no absolute standards for which stocks represent many of the characteristics listed above.  
 
Importantly, organizers wanting their “smart” products to reach commercial scale are likely to rely heavily on the largest-capitalization, most-liquid stocks.  For example, having Apple in your ETF allows it to get really big.  Thus Apple is included today in ETFs emphasizing tech, growth, value, momentum, large-caps, high quality, low volatility, dividends, and leverage.  
 
Here’s what Barron’s had to say earlier this month:
 
With cap-weighted indexes, index buyers have no discretion but to load up on stocks that are already overweight (and often pricey) and neglect those already underweight.  That’s the opposite of buy low, sell high.
 
The large positions occupied by the top recent performers – with their swollen market caps – mean that as ETFs attract capital, they have to buy large amounts of these stocks, further fueling their rise.  Thus, in the current up-cycle, over-weighted, liquid, large-cap stocks have benefitted from forced buying on the part of passive vehicles, which don’t have the option to refrain from buying a stock just because its overpriced.  
 
Like the tech stocks in 2000, this seeming perpetual motion machine is unlikely to work forever.  If funds ever flow out of equities and thus ETFs, what has been disproportionately bought will have to be disproportionately sold.  It’s not clear where index funds and ETFs will find buyers for their over-weighted, highly appreciated holdings if they have to sell in a crunch.  In this way, appreciation that was driven by passive buying is likely to eventually turn out to be rotational, not perpetual. 
 
Finally, the systemic risks to the stock market have to be considered.  Bregman calls “the index universe a big, crowded momentum trade.”  A handful of stocks – the FAANGs and a few more – are responsible for a rising percentage of the S&P’s gains, meaning the stock market’s health may be overstated.  
 
All the above factors raise questions about the likely effectiveness of passive vehicles – and especially smart-beta ETFs.  
 


Is Apple a safe stock or a stock that has performed well of late?  Is anyone thinking about the difference?
Are investors who invest in a number of passive vehicles described in different ways likely to achieve the diversification, liquidity and safety they expect?
And what should we think about the willingness of investors to turn over their capital to a process in which neither individual holdings nor portfolio construction is the subject of thoughtful analysis and decision-making, and in which buying takes place regardless of price?


 

Credit 
Corporate debt instruments are good candidates for spotting bull-market behavior given that (unlike equities, for example), we can readily determine their prospective returns.  We know that, as described in “The Race to the Bottom,” in overpopulated markets providers of credit compete to make loans and investments that embody low returns, weak structures and slender margins of safety.  
 
Whatever the level of fundamental risk, sometimes the reward for bearing it is demonstrably inadequate, and sometimes it is highly excessive.  It’s an over-simplification, but sometimes I think we could base our strategic decisions almost exclusively on the relationship between risk in the market and investors’ willingness to bear it.
 
It’s very helpful to know – and a lot of my new book will be about – where we stand in that swing.  In that regard, I’ll remind you that “The Race to the Bottom” was prompted by a Financial Times article about U.K. banks’ willingness to compete for mortgage business by increasing the multiple of annual income they would lend.  Earlier this month, ironically, I read the following in another London newspaper, the Daily Mail:
 
In a chilling echo of the sub-prime mortgage crisis of 2007, car finance firms packaged and sold £5.5 billion of risky loan debt to investors last year – twice as much as the year before.
 
Such eagerness to finance low-quality loans will always be a sign of elevated, over-financed, risk-oblivious credit markets.  At the late-2008 trough of the financial crisis, high yield bonds and leveraged loans yielded almost 2,000 basis points more than comparable Treasurys, meaning anyone who bought and held couldn’t really lose.  Then, as investors recovered their equilibrium and bought, prices rose and the yield spread contracted.  Now the spread is merely average relative to history – a few hundred basis points.  The net yields on these securities are still highly likely to be well in excess of those on Treasurys, but any capital appreciation would have to come from further spread contraction, and that certainly can’t be counted upon.
 
The credit investors of today clearly aren’t gun-shy, leaving investment opportunities to languish at excessive yields and yield spreads.  At best these investments are fairly priced today in relative terms and fully priced – offering low returns like everything else – in absolute terms.
 
I’ll use an example to illustrate the acceptance being accorded low-grade credit instruments.  In early May, Netflix issued €1.3 billion of Eurobonds, the lowest-cost debt it ever issued.  The interest rate was 3.625%, the covenants were few, and the rating was single-B.  Netflix’s GAAP earnings run about $200 million per quarter, but according to Grant’s Interest Rate Observer, in the year that ended March 31, Netflix burned through $1.8 billion of free cash flow.  It’s an exciting company, but as Grant’s reminded its readers, bondholders can’t participate in gains, just losses.  Given this asymmetrical proposition, any bond issue should be characterized by solidity and a meaningful promised return, not the sex appeal of its issuer.
 
Is it prudent to lend money to a company that goes through it at such a prodigious rate?  Will Amazon or Google be able to loosen Netflix’s hold on its customers?  Is it wise to buy bonds based on a technology position that could be overtaken?  Positive investor sentiment has taken the company’s equity value to $70 billion; what would happen to the bond price if worries about rising competition took a bite out of that one day?  Should you take these risks to make less than 4% per year?  In Oaktree’s view, this isn’t a solid debt investment; it’s an equity-linked digital content investment totally lacking in upside potential, and it’s not for us.  The fact that deals like this can get done easily should tell you something about today’s market climate.
 
Finally, let’s consider whether risk tolerance and carefree behavior are isolated or widespread in today’s credit market.  Here are some quotes from a July 14 article by Lisa Abramowicz of Bloomberg Gadfly (emphasis added):
 
Over the last eight years, junk-rated corporate debt has been transformed from a fringe asset to a staple for many fixed-income investors.  As they’ve become more popular, these risky bonds and loans have increasingly lost a feature that made them so attractive (and lucrative) – the investor protections known as covenants written into the documents that govern the debt.  These are aimed at ensuring investors can recover their money if the company fails.
 
Last month, the $26.9 billion of junk bonds sold had the highest proportion of deals on record with weak investor protections, Moody’s Investor Service reported this week.  About 60 percent of the risky U.S. corporate bonds sold had few protections written into their deal documents, Moody’s said.  In the leveraged-loan market, nearly three quarters of the debt is “covenant lite” after three years of record issuance . . .  
 
Investors have grown so confident about the seemingly interminable corporate-debt rally that many are dismissing the likelihood of large swaths of risky companies going bankrupt.  After all, these covenants usually don’t matter until there’s a problem.
 
It’s a standard cycle: cautious investing produces good performance in a salutary environment . . . which leads to a reduction of caution . . . which leads to bad performance when the environment turns less favorable.  This is part of the race to the bottom I wrote about in 2008.
 

Emerging Market Debt
The emerging markets are another place where investor opinion fluctuates wildly and visibly.  “Everyone knows” the emerging markets have more growth potential than the developed world, but attitudes regarding the realizability of that potential – and thus the price one should pay for it – gyrate wildly over time.
 
I described the phenomenon in “The Role of Confidence” (August 2013).  When confidence is running high, the emerging markets are viewed as being just like developed markets, only faster-growing, meaning it’s reasonable for their securities to sell at yields and p/e ratios like those in the developed world.  But when confidence declines, it becomes clear that there are risks that don’t exist in the developed world – like coups, institutionalized corruption, maxi-devaluation and debt repudiation – and thus significant valuation discounts are in order.  Again, as with corporate credit, which is this?  Are investors appropriately sensitive to the risks and imposing reasonable discounts, or are they ignoring the risks and happily paying up?  That’s a lot of what you have to know.
 
To answer the question, I’ll make reference to $2.75 billion of bonds that were issued by Argentina in mid-June.  The maturity was 100 years – “century bonds” – and the interest rate was 8%.  
 
You might have thought this would be a hard thing to sell.  After all, Argentina had defaulted on its debts eight times in its 200-year history, with no fewer than five defaults in the past century alone, most recently in 2014 amid a legal dispute with the Elliott hedge fund. . . .
 
But investors do not seem to care: there were $9.75bn of bids.  And Argentina is not the only peculiar event in bond markets this month.  Take a look, for example, at Ivory Coast.  In recent weeks, this West African nation underwent yet another military uprising.  But this month it sold 16-year bonds with a 6.25 per cent yield – and these were also heavily oversubscribed.  Places such as Senegal and Egypt have also seen hot demand for their debt.  (Financial Times, June 27)
 
To conclude on this subject, I can’t resist citing (but am too polite to name) the head of research and strategy for a likewise-unnamed broker/investment bank: 
 
“It’s just shocking that they exit default and their bond issue is a century bond,” said [Ms. X]. . .  Nevertheless, she is advising her clients to buy the bonds as at least a short term trade.  
 
Let me get this straight: it’s incredible that Argentina is able to issue this thing, but it’s a good buy for a moment.  It’s a sign of the times: “something may go wrong, but probably not soon.”  I much prefer Warren Buffett’s view: “If you aren’t willing to own a stock for ten years, don’t even think about owning it for ten minutes.”
 
For only the third time in history, emerging market debt is selling at yields below those on U.S. high yield bonds.  Is Argentina, a country that defaulted five times in the last hundred years (and once in the last five), likely to get through the next hundred without a rerun?    
 
The essential bottom line in all investing is simple: is the risk premium at least adequate?  Can we answer in the affirmative with regard to emerging market debt today?
 

Private Equity
In today’s low-return world, it’s clear that institutional investors needing 7-8% a year aren’t likely to get it from Treasurys yielding 1-2%, high grades at 3-4%, or mainstream stocks that most people expect to return 5-6%.  Heck, you can’t even get it from Ivory Coast bonds!  Where is one to turn?
 
The good news for firms like Oaktree is that the answer is felt to most likely lie in what have come to be called “alternative investments” (there was no collective term for them when my partners and I started off 30 years ago).  Since essentially no public “beta” markets offer the returns institutions need, many have turned instead to so-called “alpha strategies,” where skillful, active management has the potential to augment market returns, producing what’s needed.
 
But one of the biggest alternatives categories – hedge funds – has been largely discredited as a result of the meager average return over the last dozen years.  And some of the others, like venture capital, are hard to access and too small to absorb much capital.  That brings investors mainly to real estate, distressed debt and, especially, private equity.
 
Private equity firms market double-digit return track records, and even their top-of-the-cycle 2005-07 funds now sport respectable gains.  As a result, they’re attracting capital at all-time-high rates:
 
Private equity is experiencing the best fundraising climate in years – perhaps ever. In the first half of the year, 224 North America-focused funds closed, raising $133 billion, while globally there have been 412 private equity funds closed, which raised a combined $221.4 billion, surpassing slightly the record $220.8 billion raised in 2008, according to Preqin.  (Mergers & Acquisitions newsletter)
 
Private equity funds have been raising total capital in the hundreds of billions for the last few years, and even before the latest spate of mega-funds, they already had several hundred billion of “dry powder.”  Importantly, since private equity managers mostly engage in leveraged buyouts, these amounts have to be viewed in terms of the levered-up total capital they’ll produce.  Thus the PE firms will probably add more than a trillion dollars to their buying power this year.  Where will it be invested at a time when few assets can be bought at bargain prices?  Sellers of private companies, too, tend to set asking prices for their firms based on what cash flows are worth in this low-return world.
 
I’m not saying private equity isn’t a solution, or even that it’s not the best solution.  It’s just that its record fund-raising is yet one more sign of the willingness of investors to trust in the future.
 

SoftBank Vision Fund
Perhaps the ultimate demonstration of faith in fund managers is SoftBank’s recent raising of $93 billion for its Vision Fund for technology investments – presumably on the way to $100 billion.  SoftBank is a Japanese telecom company showing an 18-year annual return of 44% on investments that have included chipmakers, ride-hailing and telecom.  But I see issues with the fund:  
 
First, SoftBank’s record of investment success has relied heavily on one phenomenal investment.  The $20 million Softbank invested in Alibaba in 2000 has grown in value to more than $50 billion.  Skill or luck?  And extrapolatable?
 
Second, size matters.  In 1999/2000, the venture capital industry got into trouble because it followed massively successful mid-1990s funds of hundreds of millions, with funds of $1-2 billion.  The Vision Fund isn’t for startups, but still, can you wisely invest $100 billion in technology?
 
Third, here’s an organization that has never managed money for third parties, starting the biggest fund in history to do just that.  Is their experience transferrable?  In all these regards I think the fund indicates a high level of enthusiasm and a low level of skepticism.
 
Fourth, and perhaps more importantly for my purposes here, I want to spend some time on the fund’s structure.  For each 38 cents they put into the fund’s equity, outside investors are required to put 62 cents into preferred units of the fund.  On the other hand, SoftBank itself invested $28 billion in equity but nothing in preferred.  
 


That means when the fund reaches $100 billion, SoftBank will have put up only 28% of the capital but will own 50% of the equity.  Adding in management fees and carried interest, its 28% of the capital may give it 60-70% of the gains.
Even the private equity industry – with its willingness to take risk – has traditionally shied away from piling debt on technology companies (although less so lately).  SoftBank doesn’t hesitate to lever its tech investments.
The preferred units will pay a 7% annual coupon.Lending money to a tech fund at that modest rate apparently is part of the price demanded of the LPs for an opportunity to invest in the fund’s equity.  I can imagine the sales pitch about how lucky the LPs are to get a chance to provide leverage for their own investment, but I doubt I’d be convinced. 
Finally, as the Financial Times wrote on June 11: 


 
While the preferred unit holders will eventually receive their principal back [plus 7% per year], they will only receive [an equity] return for the equity portion of their investment in the fund.
 
All outside backers of the fund are receiving 62 per cent in preferred units and the rest in equity, allowing them to reduce their downside risk, while still generating a good return.
 
Sounds good on the surface.  But how much does this diversion of the investors’ capital into preferred units really reduce their downside risk?  The FT says investors in the preferred units “will eventually receive their principal back.”  Should that really be “will,” or perhaps “may” or “hopefully will”?  Does a $100 million investment in the fund put only the $38 million of equity at risk, or is there risk associated with the preferred, too?  I guess I don’t consider the preferred units as rock-solid as the FT suggests.  Aren’t they more like the Netflix bonds: tech-linked downside with no upside?  Would an arm’s-length lender give an LP money at 7% to lever his equity in this fund 1.6 times?
 
The willingness of investors to invest in a shockingly large fund for levered tech investing with a questionable structure is a further indication of an exuberant, unquestioning market.
 

Digital Currencies
The discussion of innovative investments brings me to Bitcoin, Ether and other digital currencies.  I’d guess these things have arisen from the intersection of (a) doubts about financial security – including the value of national currencies – that grew out of the financial crisis and (b) the comfort felt by millennials regarding all things virtual.  But they’re not real.
 
Some businesses accept Bitcoin as payment.  Some buyers want to own Ether because it can be used to pay for computing power on the Ethereum network.  Some people are eager to speculate on digital currency for profit.  Others want to put a little money into these to-date-profitable phenomena rather than run the risk of missing out.  But they’re not real!
 
People tell me these currencies are solid, because (a) they’re secure against hacking and counterfeiting and (b) the software used to generate them strictly limits the amount that can be created.  But they’re not real!!!!!  Nobody has been able to make sense to me of these currencies.  Here are a few paragraphs on Ether from The New York Times of June 19:
 
The sudden rise of Ethereum highlights how volatile the bewildering world of virtual currency remains, where lines of code can be spun into billions of dollars in a matter of months. . . . 
 
Ethereum was launched in the middle of 2015 by a 21-year-old college dropout, Vitalik Buterin . . .  Mr. Buterin was inspired by Bitcoin, and the software he built shares some of the same basic qualities.  Both are hosted and maintained by the computers of volunteers around the world, who are rewarded for their participation with new digital tokens that are released into the network every day.  
 
Because the virtual currencies are tracked and maintained by a network of computers, no government or company is in charge.  The prices of both Bitcoin and Ether are established on private exchanges, where people can sell the tokens they own at the going market price. . . .
 
Many [new currency] applications being built on Ethereum are also raising money using the Ether currency, in what are known as initial coin offerings, a play on initial public offerings.
 
Start-ups that have followed this path have generally collected Ether from investors and exchanged them for units of their own specialized virtual currency, leaving the entrepreneurs with the Ether to convert into dollars and spend on operational expenses.
 
These coin offerings, which have proliferated in recent months, have created a surge of demand for the Ether currency.  Just last week, investors sent $150 million worth of Ether to a start-up, Bancor, that wants to make it easier to launch virtual currencies.  
 
Bottom line: you can use the imaginary currency Ether to buy other new imaginary currencies, or to invest in new companies that will create other new currencies.  In “bubble.com,” I highlighted some illogical aspects of e-commerce by including some of my father’s old jokes regarding how to make money.  Here’s another that seems 100% appropriate for the digital currency movement:
 
Two guys meet in the street.  Joe tells Bob about the hamster he has for sale: pedigreed and highly intelligent.  Bob says he’d like to buy a hamster for his kid: “How much is it?”  Joe answers, “half a million,” and Bob tells him he’s crazy.
 
They meet again the next day.  “How’d you do with that hamster?”  Bob asks.  “Sold it,” says Joe.  “Did you get $500,000?” Bob asks.  “Sure,” says Joe.  “Cash?”  “No,” Joe answers, “I took two $250,000 canaries.”
 
One of my very favorite quotes concerning the market’s foibles, from John Kenneth Galbraith, says that in euphoric times, “past experience, to the extent that it is part of memory at all, is dismissed as the primitive refuge of those who do not have the insight to appreciate the incredible wonders of the present.”
 
Maybe I’m just a dinosaur, too technologically backward to appreciate the greatness of digital currency.  But it is my firm view that the ability of these things to gain acceptance is just one more proof of the prevalence today of financial naiveté, willing risk-taking and wishful thinking.  
 
In my view, digital currencies are nothing but an unfounded fad (or perhaps even a pyramid scheme), based on a willingness to ascribe value to something that has little or none beyond what people will pay for it.  But this isn’t the first time.  The same description can be applied to the Tulip mania that peaked in 1637, the South Sea Bubble (1720) and the Internet Bubble (1999-2000).  
 
Serious investing consists of buying things because the price is attractive relative to intrinsic value.  Speculation, on the other hand, occurs when people buy something without any consideration of its underlying value or the appropriateness of its price, solely because they think others will pay more for it in the future.   
 
It isn’t unreasonable for someone to use Bitcoin to pay for something – or for a seller to accept Bitcoin in payment – based on an agreement between the parties: barter takes place all the time.  But does that make it “currency”?  
 
The price of Bitcoin has more than doubled since the start of the year.  Can something that does that seriously be considered a “medium of exchange” or “store of value,” rather than the subject of a speculative mania?  Maybe not, but Bitcoin looks staid in comparison to Ether, which has appreciated 4,500% so far this year.  The outstanding Ether is now worth 82% as much as all the Bitcoin in the world, up from 5% at the beginning of the year.   
 
The New York Times notes that together, the outstanding Bitcoin and Ether are worth more than Paypal and almost as much as Goldman Sachs.  Would you rather own all of the two digital currencies or one of those companies?  In other words, are these currencies’ values real?  They’re likely to keep working as long as optimism is present, but their performance in bad times is far from dependable.  What will happen to Bitcoin’s price and liquidity in a crisis if people decide they’d rather hold dollars (or gold)?
 

We Agree, But . . .
Andrew told me about a conversation he had recently with some fund managers, in which he went over a lot of what I’m discussing here.  Given today’s conditions, their response started predictably: “We agree, but . . .”
                                             
We hear a lot of that these days:
 


We agree, but the things we’re doing offer higher returns than the rest.
We agree, but cash isn’t an option when it returns nearly nothing.
We agree, but we can’t take the risk of being out of the market.
We agree, but there’s no alternative.


 
Investors should choose their risk posture based on an assessment of what’s being offered in terms of absolute return, absolute risk, and thus absolute risk-adjusted return.  But today – on that famous other hand – investors generally don’t have the luxury of holding out for absolute returns and safety like they enjoyed in the past.
 
Many of the things I’ve highlighted above offer good returns and risk premiums relative to the returns on Treasurys and high grade debt.  But (a) low rates may be – generally are expected to be – a temporary condition and (b) it might be wiser to gauge reward in absolute terms.  The bottom line is that while the prices and prospective returns on many things are justifiable today relative to other things, you can’t eat (or spend) relative returns.  
 
Everyone’s investing on the basis of relatives these days; they see no alternative.  But that reminds me of former Citigroup CEO Chuck Prince, who gained fame in the months leading up to the Global Financial Crisis for saying of the bank’s leveraged lending practices, “When the music stops, in terms of liquidity, things will be complicated.  But as long as the music is playing, you’ve got to get up and dance.  We’re still dancing.”  Today I think most investors know the good times will end someday, as Prince did, but for now they feel they, too, have no choice but to dance.
 
And there’s one other thing we hear a lot these days:
 
 

We agree things can’t go well forever – we agree the cycle is extended, prices are elevated and uncertainty is high – but we don’t see anything that’s likely to bring the bull market to a close anytime soon.

 
In other words, there’ll be a time for caution, just not today.  In that connection, Andrew reminds me about Saint Augustine, who said: “Give me chastity and continence, but not yet.”  Is there something other than the punitive returns on safe assets that keeps this from being a time for caution?


Observations and Implications
As I said, most of the phenomena described above seem reasonable given the rest of what’s going on in today’s economic and financial world.  But step back for perspective and put them together, and what do we see?
 

Some of the highest equity valuations in history.
The so-called VIX index of fear at an all-time low.
The elevation of a can’t-lose group of stocks.
The movement of more than a trillion dollars into value-agnostic investing.
The lowest yields in history on low-rated bonds and loans.
Yields on emerging market debt that are lower still.
The most fundraising in history for private equity.
The biggest fund of all time raised for levered tech investing.
Billions in digital currencies whose value has multiplied dramatically.

 
 
I absolutely am not saying stocks are too high, the FAANGs will falter, credit investing is risky, digital currencies are sure to end up worthless, or private equity commitments won’t pay off.  All I’m saying is that for all the things listed above to simultaneously be gaining in popularity and attracting so much capital, credulousness has to be high and risk aversion has to be low.  It’s not that these things are doomed, just that their returns may not fully justify their risk.  And, more importantly, that they show the temperature of today’s market to be elevated.  Not a nonsensical bubble – just high and therefore risky. 
 
Try to think of the things that could knock today’s market off kilter, like a surprising spike in inflation, a significant slowdown in growth, central banks losing control, or the big tech stocks running into trouble.  The good news is that they all seem unlikely.  The bad news is that their unlikelihood causes all these concerns to be dismissed, leaving the markets susceptible should any of them actually occur.  That means this is a market in which riskiness is being tolerated and perhaps ignored, and one in which most investors are happy to bear risk.  Thus it’s not one in which we should do so.
 
What else:
 


My observations are always indicative, not predictive.  The usual consequences of the conditions I describe – like an eventual increase in risk aversion – should happen, but they don’t have to happen.
And they certainly don’t have to happen soon.  No one knows anything about timing.Certain consequences are implied, but even if they’re going to happen, we have no way of knowing when.It feels like we’re in the eighth inning, but I have no idea how long the game will go on.
I’m never sure of my market observations.  As you’ll see in my new book, I believe strongly that where we are in a cycle says a lot about the market’s likely tendencies, but I never state opinions on this subject with high confidence.
As a natural worrier, I tend to be early with warnings, as described on page one.  'Nuff said.
Finally, while my observations are uncertain and should be taken with a grain of salt, what I am sure of is that valuations and markets are elevated, and the easy money in this cycle has been made. 


 

What to Do
To me, the four components of the current environment listed on pages 2 and 3 – high uncertainty, low prospective returns, high prices and pro-risk behavior – are indisputable.  The question is whether you agree.  If so, I trust you’ll grant that they make for a troubling combination.  Markets normally respond to elevated uncertainty with lower asset prices and compensatorily higher returns.  But not today.  Thus we’re living in a low-return, high-risk world.  Period.  
 
For that reason, this might seem like an attractive time to refrain from investing, or at least from bearing risk.  However, organizations for which investing is an essential part of the business model – like pension funds, insurance companies, endowments and sovereign wealth funds – generally don’t have the option to not invest.  That’s especially true when the return on cash is as low as it is today.  
 
Further, the case for cash that can be built today from all the above could have been made years ago, and doing so would have resulted in huge penalties.  Oaktree’s investment philosophy generally causes us to eschew the raising and lowering of cash.  We might make an exception in extraordinary circumstances, but today doesn’t seem to warrant doing so.  Instead, Oaktree will continue to follow its 2012 mantra: “move forward, but with caution” – and, given today’s conditions, with even more caution than in the recent past.  If one is going to invest at times like this, investment professionalism – knowing how to bear risk intelligently, striving for return while keeping an eagle-eye on the potential adverse consequences – is the absolute sine qua non.  
 
Environments like today’s call to mind the applicability of something I was told more than 40 years ago by Sid Cottle, editor of the later editions of Graham and Dodd’s Security Analysis: “Investment is the discipline of relative selection.”  I interpret that to mean we have no alternative but to choose from among the available options based on their relative merit.
 
“There They Go Again” was written in May 2005, at the front end of a string of cautionary memos leading up to the last cyclical peak.  It was the first time I explicitly raised the question – too early as usual – of how one should invest in a low-return world.  I went on to list a few possibilities, none of which was sure to work, but I concluded with the one thing I was convinced of:
 
. . . there’s no easy answer for investors faced with skimpy prospective returns and risk premiums.  But there is one course of action – one classic mistake – that I most strongly feel is wrong: reaching for return.
 
The events of 2007 and 2008 showed this observation to have been prudent and appropriate.  And given today’s similarities to the last cycle, I think it’s applicable again.
 
Here’s a great observation on the subject from Berkshire-Hathaway’s 2010 letter to shareholders:  
 
We agree with investment writer Ray DeVoe’s observation, “More money has been lost reaching for yield than at the point of a gun.”


Or as Peter Bernstein put it, “The market is not an accommodating machine; it won’t give you high returns just because you need them.”
 
The key strategic decision for anyone shaping investment strategy is whether to apply aggressiveness or defensiveness at a given point in time.  In other words, should we worry more today about losing money or about missing opportunity?  The answer at all times depends on what’s available in the investment environment.
 


I have no doubt that the ascent to the apex from which the Global Financial Crisis took place was powered by the willing acceptance of risk in the low-return world of 2004-07.  In other words, excessive risk tolerance and the resulting incautious behavior provided the foundation for the vast losses experienced in the move from peak to trough.

 

And in the trough of late 2008/early ’09, I likewise have no doubt that most investors were saying, “I don’t care if I ever make another penny in the market; I just don’t want to lose any more.Get me out!”  Their excessive risk aversion created the opportunity for the huge returns enjoyed in the recovery.


 
Where are we today?  As I said earlier, risk is high and prospective return is low, and the low prospective returns on safe investments are pushing people into taking risk – which they’re willing to do – at a time when the reward for doing so is low.  
 
Given my view of the environment, the only reason to be aggressive today is because defensive investing implies low prospective returns.  But the question is whether pursuing high expected returns through aggressiveness can be counted on to be rewarded.  If the answer is no, as I believe, then this is a time for caution.  
 
That doesn’t mean you have to be content with a low-return portfolio.  If you need returns higher than those available in the beta markets at the low-risk end of the spectrum, it is reasonable to move into riskier asset classes.  But for every asset class, there are high-risk and low-risk approaches.  When the market is rational, low-risk investments will always appear to offer prospective returns lower than those on high-risk ones.  But in tough times, the former are less likely to bring losses than the latter.  In my opinion that makes them right for today.  
 

*             *             *

 
Perhaps the best way to understand investment cycles is through that great statement attributed to Mark Twain: “History doesn’t repeat, but it does rhyme.”  The duration, pace, amplitude and details of each investment cycle are different from those of its predecessors, but the basic themes and essential ingredients are usually vaguely familiar.  What Twain calls rhyming history I describe as “common threads.” 
 
The themes or threads that repeatedly characterize too-bullish markets are the ones listed on page 4.  While they don’t all have to be present for a top, bull market or boom to form, (a) usually many are present when one does and (b) it’s hard for a full-throated bubble to come into existence without them.  They truly are the raw materials for market excesses on the upside.  
 
On the other hand, the keys to avoiding the classic mistakes also recur, and I listed them in “There They Go Again”:
 


awareness of history,
belief in cycles rather than unabated, unidirectional trends,
skepticism regarding the free lunch, and
insistence on low purchase prices that provide lots of room for error.


 
Adherence to these things – all parts of the canon of defensive investing – invariably will cause you to miss the most exciting part of bull markets, when trends reach irrational extremes and prices go from fair to excessive.  But they’ll also make you a long-term survivor.  I can’t help thinking that’s a prerequisite for investment success. 
 
The checklist for market sanity and safety is simple, and the answers will tell you what to do:
 


Are prospective returns adequate?
Are investors appropriately risk-averse?
Are they applying skepticism and discipline?
Are they demanding sufficient risk premiums?
Are valuations reasonable relative to historic standards?
Are deal structures fair to investors?
Are investors declining any of the new deals?
Are there limits on faith in the future?


 
The basic proposition is simple: Investors make the most and the safest money when they do things other people don’t want to do.  But when investors are unworried and glad to make risky investments (or worried but investing anyway, because the low-risk alternatives are unappealing), asset prices will be high, risk premiums will be low, and markets will be risky.  That’s what happens when there’s too much money and too little fear.
 
I’ll close with a final “ditto,” from “The Race to the Bottom” of just over ten years ago:
 
If you refuse to fall into line in carefree markets like today’s, it’s likely that, for a while, you’ll (a) lag in terms of return and (b) look like an old fogey.  But neither of those is much of a price to pay if it means keeping your head (and capital) when others eventually lose theirs.  In my experience, times of laxness have always been followed eventually by corrections in which penalties are imposed.  It may not happen this time, but I’ll take that risk.  In the meantime, Oaktree and its people will continue to apply the standards that have served us so well over the last [thirty] years.  
 
 
July 26, 2017
 
 

 
 

 
 



 
Legal Information and Disclosures
This memorandum expresses the views of the author as of the date indicated and such views are subject to change without notice.  Oaktree has no duty or obligation to update the information contained herein.  Further, Oaktree makes no representation, and it should not be assumed, that past investment performance is an indication of future results.  Moreover, wherever there is the potential for profit there is also the possibility of loss.
This memorandum is being made available for educational purposes only and should not be used for any other purpose.  The information contained herein does not constitute and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction.  Certain information contained herein concerning economic trends and performance is based on or derived from information provided by independent third-party sources.  Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (“Oaktree”) believes that the sources from which such information has been obtained are reliable; however, it cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information and has not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or the assumptions on which such information is based.  
This memorandum, including the information contained herein, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, or posted in whole or in part, in any form without the prior written consent of Oaktree.



 
The Voting Booth

















	Contact Us



























































Contact Us
 









Los Angeles
p +1 213 830-6300






New York
p +1 212 284-1900








Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800 






London 
p +44 20 7201-4600 







United States





Oaktree Global Headquarters


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
333 South Grand Ave., 28th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
p +1 213 830-6300
f +1 213 830-6293




Brentwood


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
11611 San Vicente Blvd., Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90049
p +1 310 442-0542
f +1 310 442-0540




Houston


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 950
Houston, TX 77024
p +1 713 496-9360

f +1 713 496-9365





New York – Sixth


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
1301 Avenue of the Americas
34th Floor
New York, NY 10019
p +1 212 284-1900
f +1 212 284-1901




New York – Park



Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
277 Park Avenue, 45th Floor
New York, NY 10172
p +1 646 857-8700
f +1 646 857-8848




Stamford


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
680 Washington Blvd.
6th Floor
Stamford, CT 06901
p +1 203 363-3200
f +1 203 363-3210






Europe and Middle East





Amsterdam*



Barbara Strozzilaan 201
1083 HN
Amsterdam
The Netherlands
p +31 20 579 2128
f +31 20 579 2129




Dubai


Oaktree Capital Management (Dubai) Limited**
Dubai International Financial Centre,
Office 5, The Gate Building, Level 15,
PO Box 121208
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
p +971 440-19877




Dublin*



2nd Floor
27 Merrion Square
Dublin 2
Ireland
p +353 1 662 1301





Frankfurt



Oaktree GmbH
Frankfurter Welle
An der Welle 3
9th Floor
60322 Frankfurt Am Main
Germany
p +49 69 244 339-3000
f +49 69 244 339-3199




London



Oaktree Capital Management (UK) LLP***
Verde
10 Bressenden Place
London SW1E 5DH
United Kingdom
p +44 20 7201-4600
f +44 20 7201-4601




Luxembourg*



26A, boulevard Royal, 7th Floor
L-2449 Luxembourg
p +352 26 63 25 47 00
f +352 26 63 25 99





Paris



Oaktree France S.A.S.
64, rue de Lisbonne
75008 Paris, France
p +33 1 42 99 15 15
f +33 1 42 99 15 11
















Asia Pacific





Beijing


Oaktree Capital (Beijing) Ltd.
Suite 8, 14th Floor
China World Office 1,
No. 1 Jianguomenwai Ave.
Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100004, China
p +86 10 6535-0208
f +86 10 6535-0209




Hong Kong



Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited
Suite 2001, 20/F, Champion Tower
3 Garden Road
Central, Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800
f +852 3655-6900




Seoul



Oaktree Capital (Seoul) Limited
6/F Pangaea Building
7-25, Gangnam-daero 27-gil 
Seocho-gu 
Seoul 137-889, Korea
p +82 2 2191-8000
f +82 2 2191-8080





Shanghai



Oaktree Overseas Investment Fund Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Suite 833, Level 8
Shanghai International Finance Centre, Tower 2
No 8 Century Avenue, Pudong, Shanghai, PRC, 200120
p +86 21 60627389




Singapore



Oaktree Capital Management Pte. Ltd.
80 Raffles Place
#51-03 UOB Plaza 1
Singapore 048624
p +65 6305-6550
f +65 6305-6551




Sydney


Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited****
Australia Branch
Suite 4, Level 27
Governor Macquarie Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
p +612 8278 9248





Tokyo



Oaktree Japan, GK
Atago Green Hills Mori Tower
37th Floor
2-5-1 Atago, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Japan 105-6237
p +81 3-5776-6760
f +81 3-5776-6761














*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
**Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, effective October 3, 2013
***Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority Registered in England, No. OC363917
**** Registered as a foreign company with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ARBN 609 956 836)




 














Current Clients and Limited Partners




Please contact your local Marketing or Client Services Representative(s) via the following regional email addresses:






            Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com





            Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com





            Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com







            Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK) Unitholders
            



            Please email us at:
investorrelations@
            oaktreecapital.com







Debt Investors


Please email us at:
debtholderinquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com










Media 1


 Please email us at:
mediainquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com


1 Members of the media should note that Oaktree generally does not comment on its activities























	Strategies
































































Corporate Debt


Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies



Strategies

Investors may access our strategy offerings via different structure and vehicle types, as shown below, based on their investor type (e.g., institutional or individual), as well as their liquidity profile and investment horizon.


















Liquidity


Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors




Asset Classes


Strategies


Frequent1


Limited2


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds





















Corporate Debt






















U.S. High Yield Bonds






















































































Global High Yield Bonds






















































































European High Yield Bonds






















































































U.S. Senior Loans






















































































European Senior Loans






















































































European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans






















































































Strategic Credit






















































































U.S. Private Debt






















































































European Private Debt






















































































Emerging Markets Debt Total Return

























































































Convertible Securities






















U.S. Convertibles






















































































Non-U.S. Convertibles






















































































High Income Convertibles

























































































Distressed Debt






















Distressed Opportunities






















































































Value Opportunities






















































































Emerging Markets Opportunities

























































































Control Investing






















Special Situations3






















































































European Principal






















































































Power Opportunities






















































































Infrastructure Investing

























































































Real Estate






















Real Estate Opportunities






















































































Real Estate Value-Add






















































































Real Estate Debt

























































































Listed Equities






















Emerging Markets Absolute Return






















































































Emerging Markets Equities






















































































Value Equities

























































































Multi-Strategy Solutions






















Multi-Strategy Credit






























































































Corporate Debt










U.S. High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Global High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Strategic Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Debt Total Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Convertible Securities










U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Non-U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






High Income Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Distressed Debt










Distressed Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Control Investing










Special Situations3




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Principal




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Power Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Infrastructure Investing




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Real Estate










Real Estate Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Value-Add




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Listed Equities










Emerging Markets Absolute Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Multi-Strategy Solutions










Multi-Strategy Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds











1 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from daily to quarterly.

2 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from quarterly to three years or the end of the term of the vehicle.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.
















	Individual Investors
































































Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors


Public Unitholders











Home/ Investors/ Individual Investors



Individual Investors
 
We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.


Private Vehicles
Allow qualified investors to participate in Oaktree’s products through private commingled investment vehicles.


Public Vehicles
Provide investors access to select Oaktree products through public commingled investment vehicles with daily liquidity.

Learn more about Oaktree's Public Vehicles.













	Investors
































































Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors


Public Unitholders











Home/ Investors



Investors

We put our clients' interests ahead of our own and treat all clients equally.

Institutional
Investors
We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets. 

Financial Professionals
We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles. 

Individual Investors
We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles. 

Public Unitholders
We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).














Login





















Login
Set Up Account
Online Billpay
Quick Order
Contact Us






My Cart
                            
                            -
Quick Order
















Oaktree Products
The leading provider of clinical supplies to the hearing care industry






































Home


Shop




Assistive Devices


Assistive Devices




Alarm Clocks
Alarm Watches
Alerting Systems
Amplified Stethoscopes
Answering Machines
Cell Phone Products
Corded Phones
Cordless Phones
FM/Wireless Systems
Headphones
Hearables
Loop Systems
Neckloops
Personal Listening Systems
Phone Amplifiers
Phone Line Simulators




Ring Amplifiers
Simply the Best
Smoke Detectors
Speech Aids
Tinnitus Maskers
TTY/VCO
TV Listening Systems








Auditory Test Recordings


Auditory Test Recordings




Aided Performance
Auditory Processing
Environmental Sounds
Foreign Language
Non-Custom Test Recordings
Other Tests
Sound & Speech Awareness
Speech Audiometry








Build-Up / UV & Glue


Build-Up / UV & Glue




Adco
Dreve UV
Egger UV
Glues & Cements
Miscellaneous UV Material & Products
UV Lights








Cerumen Management


Cerumen Management




Cerumen Management Book
Clinical Microscopes
Curettes
Disposable Instruments
Forceps
Irrigation
Metal Specula
Softening Agents
Suction Pumps & Tubes








Clinical Tools / Supplies


Clinical Tools / Supplies




Hearing Aid Cleaning
Hearing Aid Suction Device
Magnifier Lamps and Bench Microscopes
Other Repair Equipment
Redwing & Accesories
Repair/Modification Supplies








Diagnostic Supplies


Diagnostic Supplies




Electrodes & Supplies
Insert Earphones
Miscellaneous Diagnostic Supplies
OAE & Tymp Tips
Screeners
Tuning Forks








Educational Materials


Educational Materials




Books & DVDs
Counseling Kits & Brochures
Laminated Charts & Anatomical Models








Fitting Supplies


Fitting Supplies




Earhooks
Funtak
Hearing Aid Storage
Listening Stethoscope
Mirror for Fitting
Probe Tubes
Temporary Earmolds
Tubing
Tubing Blowers & Scissors
Tubing Glue
Tubing Pliers & Pullers
Wax Guards, Wraps, Etc








Hearing Conservation


Hearing Conservation




TympStar
Disposable Earplugs
Earmuffs
Multi-Use Earplugs
Sound Level Meters








Impression Materials


Impression Materials




Cartridge Gun & Tips
Cartridge Impression Material
Ear Dams
Impression Singles
Impression Tools
InstaMold & Other
Powder & Liquid
Tub & Accelerator
Two Part Impression Material








Infection Control


Infection Control




Disinfectants
Hand Hygiene
IC Books & Brochures
Masks Gloves etc
Other IC Products
Sterilants/Trays
Ultrasonic Cleaners
Waste Management








Lab Coats


Lab Coats




Lab Coats Men
Lab Coats Women








Novelty Items


Novelty Items




Chocolate Ears
Jewelry
Stickers








Office Furniture


Office Furniture




Chairs
Miscellaneous Office Furniture
Office Essentials
Stools








Office Organization


Office Organization




Cable Organizers
Cleaning Supplies
Modular Storage
Travel Cases








Otoscopes & Headlamps


Otoscopes & Headlamps




Ear Lights
Full Size Heads & Handles
Headlamps
Miscellaneous Otoscope Accessories
Otoscope Batteries & Bulbs
Otoscope Specula
Pocket Otoscopes
Video Otoscopes








Recording Paper


Recording Paper




Audiometer, Tympanometer, & OAE Paper
Evoked Potential Paper
Real Ear Paper
Thermal Paper








Resale Accessories


Resale Accessories




Anti-Itch & Lubricants
Batteries
Battery Testers & Tools
Consumer Wax Loops & Brushes
Dehumidifiers
Ear Gear
Hearing Aid Moisture Protection
Hearing Aid Retainers
Miscellaneous Resale Items
Phone Pads
Swimming Supplies












Specials


Close-out Specials


Product Promotions




Request


New Account


Catalog


E-mail Promotions




Discover


Alerting Systems Resource Page


Amplified Stethoscope Resource Page


A.U. Bankaitis' Audiology Blog


Cerumen Management Resource Page


Infection Control Resource Page


Otoscope Solutions Resource Page


YouTube Center




Learn


Daily Noise Exposure Levels


Lyric Supplies


Smoke Detectors and Hearing Loss - Research Summary


Smoke Detector Facts For Patients




About


Our Company


Our Employees


Our Mission


Our Shipping Map


Contact Us






































Returning Customer?

 

Email          

 


Password









Remember my email            


                Stay logged
              
Login 


 


New Customer

You are a new customer and want to order? Click on the following button to register.
Register




 
Lost Your Password?

Enter your email to receive a new password immediately.



Send






















	Oaktree Funds





















Pursuing the ultimate objective of investment success, the fruits of which are shared by oaktree clients and personnel.








Oaktree Funds International


Oaktree’s UCITS and Non-UCITS Funds for investors domiciled outside of the U.S


Learn More  >>






Oaktree Funds U.S.


Oaktree’s mutual funds for investors domiciled inside of the U.S.


Learn More  >>




For more information about Oaktree Capital Management please visit			
				
oaktreecapital.com













Oaktree Products - Wholesale clinical supplies for Audiologists





















Login
Set Up Account
Online Billpay
Quick Order
Contact Us






My Cart
                            
                            -
Quick Order
















Oaktree Products
The leading provider of clinical supplies to the hearing care industry






































Home


Shop




Assistive Devices


Assistive Devices




Alarm Clocks
Alarm Watches
Alerting Systems
Amplified Stethoscopes
Answering Machines
Cell Phone Products
Corded Phones
Cordless Phones
FM/Wireless Systems
Headphones
Hearables
Loop Systems
Neckloops
Personal Listening Systems
Phone Amplifiers
Phone Line Simulators




Ring Amplifiers
Simply the Best
Smoke Detectors
Speech Aids
Tinnitus Maskers
TTY/VCO
TV Listening Systems








Auditory Test Recordings


Auditory Test Recordings




Aided Performance
Auditory Processing
Environmental Sounds
Foreign Language
Non-Custom Test Recordings
Other Tests
Sound & Speech Awareness
Speech Audiometry








Build-Up / UV & Glue


Build-Up / UV & Glue




Adco
Dreve UV
Egger UV
Glues & Cements
Miscellaneous UV Material & Products
UV Lights








Cerumen Management


Cerumen Management




Cerumen Management Book
Clinical Microscopes
Curettes
Disposable Instruments
Forceps
Irrigation
Metal Specula
Softening Agents
Suction Pumps & Tubes








Clinical Tools / Supplies


Clinical Tools / Supplies




Hearing Aid Cleaning
Hearing Aid Suction Device
Magnifier Lamps and Bench Microscopes
Other Repair Equipment
Redwing & Accesories
Repair/Modification Supplies








Diagnostic Supplies


Diagnostic Supplies




Electrodes & Supplies
Insert Earphones
Miscellaneous Diagnostic Supplies
OAE & Tymp Tips
Screeners
Tuning Forks








Educational Materials


Educational Materials




Books & DVDs
Counseling Kits & Brochures
Laminated Charts & Anatomical Models








Fitting Supplies


Fitting Supplies




Earhooks
Funtak
Hearing Aid Storage
Listening Stethoscope
Mirror for Fitting
Probe Tubes
Temporary Earmolds
Tubing
Tubing Blowers & Scissors
Tubing Glue
Tubing Pliers & Pullers
Wax Guards, Wraps, Etc








Hearing Conservation


Hearing Conservation




TympStar
Disposable Earplugs
Earmuffs
Multi-Use Earplugs
Sound Level Meters








Impression Materials


Impression Materials




Cartridge Gun & Tips
Cartridge Impression Material
Ear Dams
Impression Singles
Impression Tools
InstaMold & Other
Powder & Liquid
Tub & Accelerator
Two Part Impression Material








Infection Control


Infection Control




Disinfectants
Hand Hygiene
IC Books & Brochures
Masks Gloves etc
Other IC Products
Sterilants/Trays
Ultrasonic Cleaners
Waste Management








Lab Coats


Lab Coats




Lab Coats Men
Lab Coats Women








Novelty Items


Novelty Items




Chocolate Ears
Jewelry
Stickers








Office Furniture


Office Furniture




Chairs
Miscellaneous Office Furniture
Office Essentials
Stools








Office Organization


Office Organization




Cable Organizers
Cleaning Supplies
Modular Storage
Travel Cases








Otoscopes & Headlamps


Otoscopes & Headlamps




Ear Lights
Full Size Heads & Handles
Headlamps
Miscellaneous Otoscope Accessories
Otoscope Batteries & Bulbs
Otoscope Specula
Pocket Otoscopes
Video Otoscopes








Recording Paper


Recording Paper




Audiometer, Tympanometer, & OAE Paper
Evoked Potential Paper
Real Ear Paper
Thermal Paper








Resale Accessories


Resale Accessories




Anti-Itch & Lubricants
Batteries
Battery Testers & Tools
Consumer Wax Loops & Brushes
Dehumidifiers
Ear Gear
Hearing Aid Moisture Protection
Hearing Aid Retainers
Miscellaneous Resale Items
Phone Pads
Swimming Supplies












Specials


Close-out Specials


Product Promotions




Request


New Account


Catalog


E-mail Promotions




Discover


Alerting Systems Resource Page


Amplified Stethoscope Resource Page


A.U. Bankaitis' Audiology Blog


Cerumen Management Resource Page


Infection Control Resource Page


Otoscope Solutions Resource Page


YouTube Center




Learn


Daily Noise Exposure Levels


Lyric Supplies


Smoke Detectors and Hearing Loss - Research Summary


Smoke Detector Facts For Patients




About


Our Company


Our Employees


Our Mission


Our Shipping Map


Contact Us





































































Tweets FollowTweets by @oaktreeproducts










Our Hot Products 












ZVOX AccuVoice TV Speaker - Audiology Version


            Code : AV205
          














JedMed VDC Loupe System with LED Light


            Code : 98-1805
          














PerfectDry Lux Dehumidifier


            Code : 000016
          














E-A-RLink 3A Insert Eartips, yellow (750 / pk)


            Code : 420-2005
          

















































 Vanguard - Product overview - Convertible Securities

















































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download
  















Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download















Investment commentary (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including description, style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, and brief quarterly commentary on investment performance. Updated quarterly.



  Download
  















Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download















Annual report (11/30/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download















Semiannual report (05/31/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download















Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download









Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5 business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for bond funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for bond funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






About the optionsFund share classesA fund may offer multiple share classes. The objectives, strategies, and policies for all share classes of a fund are identical. However, expense ratios vary by share class, reflecting the differing costs of providing services to the holders of each share class.Here are some of the key distinctions:Investor SharesTraditional shares for individual investors that typically feature low minimum initial investments.Admiral™ SharesA lower-cost share class generally available without a minimum initial investment requirement to institutional investors and financial intermediary clients. Vanguard created Admiral Shares to recognize and encourage the cost savings stemming from large, long-standing investment accounts and to pass these savings on to the shareholders who generate them.Institutional SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances of $5 million or more.Institutional Plus SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances from $100 million to $200 million, depending on the fund.Institutional Select SharesShares generally available to large institutional investors. Fund account minimums range from $3 billion to $5 billion, depending on fund.ETF SharesExchange-traded shares of certain Vanguard index funds, ETF Shares combine the benefits of indexing, such as low costs and broad market diversification, with the trading and pricing flexibility of individual stocks.Vanguard ETF Shares are not redeemable with the issuing Fund other than in very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Instead, investors must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares in the secondary market and hold those shares in a brokerage account. In doing so, the investor may incur brokerage commissions and may pay more than net asset value when buying and receive less than net asset value when selling.Notes:All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.  









Convertible Securities Fund (VCVSX)


Closed to new investors in certain client segments.







Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions








OPTIONS

as of03/24/2017





Options

Expense ratio
					
Minimum

Investor
0.34%
N/A
About our options  







	 	 
	

Fees

•

Purchase fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor buys shares. This fee is not a sales charge or load because it is paid directly to the fund to offset the costs of trading certain securities. None

•

Redemption fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor sells shares. A redemption fee differs from a back-end load because the money is paid back into the fund. Many funds charge redemption fees only when shares are bought and then sold within a specific period of time, generally in an effort to discourage market-timing and short-term trading. Some brokers also charge their clients redemption fees for the sale of securities. None




KEY FACTS


•
Product type: Convertibles
				
•


VCVSX inception on 06/17/1986
				



•
$1.4 billion net assets for
VCVSX as of 06/30/2017
				

•
179 holdings as of 06/30/2017
					

•
Benchmarked to the Convertibles Composite Index
					


•
Turnover rate (Fiscal year-end  11/30/2016) 103.10%
			
•
CUSIP: 922023106
					









Investment approach


Print PDF



Broadly diversified portfolio of U.S. and foreign convertible securities.Seeks current income and long-term capital appreciation.Bottom-up investment approach.Disciplined buy/sell strategy.


Total returns
as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end






as of 06/30/2017













15%1050%     



 
1 year
3 year
5 year
10 year

Since inception
06/17/1986





NAV 
	                        

11.19%
1.60%
7.55%
5.56%
8.08%






Benchmark
Convertibles Composite Index*
	                        

14.39%
5.07%
10.26%
5.92%
—

Note: Fee adjusted for mutual funds where applicable.
* CS First Boston Convertible Securities Index through November 30, 2004; Bank of America Merrill Lynch All US Convertibles Index (formerly Bank of America Merrill Lynch All Convertibles-All Qualities Index) through December 31, 2010; and 70% Bank of America Merrill Lynch All US Convertibles Index and 30% Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global 300 Convertibles ex-US Index (hedged) thereafter.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






People and process

Firms
Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
Product management
Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund seeks income and long-term capital appreciation through a diversified portfolio of U.S. and foreign convertible preferred stocks and convertible bonds. The advisor, Oaktree Capital Management, L.P., uses a bottom-up investment approach to select convertibles with the best balance of upside potential and downside protection. The team prefers convertible bonds, which have a stated maturity, over convertible preferred stocks. Discipline is key to the fund’s management; Oaktree invests predominantly in convertibles possessing an attractive combination of conversion and income features—true hybrid securities—and sells the issues when characteristics become too similar to those of conventional bonds or common stocks. Company creditworthiness also is a key consideration in security selection.
Firm and manager details  



Distribution by credit quality* (% of fund) as of 06/30/2017



 
Credit rating

 VCVSX


Aaa
0.0%

Aa
0.0%

A
4.3%

Baa
2.7%

Ba
9.2%

B
11.0%

Not Rated
72.8%

0%75%
 Total
 100.0%

* Credit-quality ratings are measured on a scale that generally ranges from AAA (highest) to D (lowest). ”NR” is used to classify securities for which a rating is not available. NR securities may include a fund’s investment in Vanguard Market Liquidity Fund or Vanguard Municipal Cash Management Fund, each of which invests in high-quality money market instruments and may serve as a cash management vehicle for the Vanguard funds, trusts, and accounts. U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, and U.S. Agency mortgage-backed securities appear under ”U.S. Government.” Credit-quality ratings are obtained from S&P.
			




Top 10 holdings as of 06/30/2017



Rank
Holding

1
Cemex SAB de CV
2
Tesla Inc.
3
Wells Fargo & Co.
4
Liberty Media Corp.
5
Liberty Interactive LLC
6
Ctrip.com International Ltd.
7
DISH Network Corp.
8
Micron Technology Inc.
9
Allergan PLC
10
Microchip Technology Inc.


Top 10 equals: 15.5% of net assets & 17.8% of net equities


Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.


Holdings policy for this fund  



Holding details  






Asset allocation as of 06/30/2017





Data is currently unavailablePlease try again later.



Asset allocation details  








Fundamentals




Convertible securities
as of 06/30/2017
						
VCVSX

Benchmark
Convertibles Composite Index


Number of securities
179
N/A


Conversion premium
32.00%
N/A



Average effective maturity
Average effective maturity (taxable bond funds and balanced funds except Tax-Managed Balanced)Average Effective Maturity is defined as the average length of time until fixed income securities held by a fund reach maturity and are repaid, taking into consideration that an action such as a call or refunding may cause some bonds to be repaid before they mature.Average stated maturity (municipal bond funds and Tax-Managed Balanced)Average stated maturity represents the average of the stated maturity dates for all fixed income securities held by the fund.Average maturity (money market funds only)Average maturity represents the weighted average maturity of the fund's holdings using the date of the next interest rate adjustment for certain adjustable-rate securities held by the fund.
—
N/A


Average coupon
2.10%
N/A


Average duration
4.2 (years)
N/A


Foreign holdings
38.70%
N/A


Turnover rate
103.1% Fiscal year end 11/2016
N/A


Short-term reserves
6.82%
N/A






Fundamentals details  









Risk and volatility
as of 06/30/2017
				





 
VCVSX

Benchmark
Convertibles Composite Index


R-squared
N/A
0.90


Beta
N/A
0.93


Alpha
– 0.25
N/A


Standard deviation
6.84%
6.99%


Sharpe ratio
0.21
0.70

Risk and volatility are based on the share class with the earliest inception date.
Risk measures are calculated from trailing 36-month fund returns relative to the associated benchmarks.
An investment in the fund could lose money over short or even long periods. You should expect the fund’s share price and total return to fluctuate within a wide range, like the fluctuations of the overall stock market. The fund’s performance could be hurt by: Stock market risk: The chance that stock prices overall will decline. Stock markets tend to move in cycles, with periods of rising prices and periods of falling prices. The fund’s investments in foreign stocks can be riskier than U.S. stock investments. Foreign stocks tend to be more volatile and less liquid than U.S. stocks. The prices of foreign stocks and the prices of U.S. stocks may move in opposite directions.Manager risk: The chance that poor security selection will cause the fund to underperform relevant benchmarks or other funds with a similar investment objective.Credit risk: The chance that a convertible security issuer will fail to pay interest or dividends and principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer’s ability to make such payments will cause the price of that security to decline. Companies that issue convertible securities are often small to medium size, and they often have low credit ratings. In addition, the credit rating of a company’s convertible securities is generally lower than that of its non-convertible debt securities. Convertibles are normally considered “junior” securities—that is, the company usually must pay interest on its non-convertible debt before it can make payments on its convertible securities. If an issuer stops making interest or principal payments, these securities may be worthless and the fund could lose its entire investment. Reflecting the universe of convertible securities, most of the fund’s rated holdings are below investment-grade.Interest rate risk: The chance that bond prices will decline because of rising interest rates.Country/regional risk: The chance that world events—such as political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters—will adversely affect the value of securities issued by companies in foreign countries or regions. Because the fund may invest a large portion of its assets in securities of companies located in any one country or region, its performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of its investments in that area. Country/regional risk is especially high in emerging markets.Liquidity risk: The chance that the fund will experience difficulty purchasing or selling the required amounts of portfolio securities at a price the advisor deems fair and reasonable. Liquidity risk arises when there is an insufficient level of trading activity to accommodate the fund’s purchase or sale orders.



Risk and volatility details  

















MORE ON INVESTMENTS









Money Market Reform












LITERATURE
Fact sheet (06/30/2017)

Investment profile (06/30/2017)  

Summary prospectus

Investment commentary (06/30/2017)  


Statutory prospectus

Annual report (11/30/2016)

Semiannual report (05/31/2017)

Statement of additional information
More





TOOLS
Custom investment reporting


My investment list  











Also of interest

07/26/2017 | ArticleVanguard files for 2 global balanced funds


05/26/2017 | Article2016–2017 expense ratio update cycle concludes


04/28/2017 | ArticleVanguard reports April 2017 expense ratio changes






SUBSCRIBE TO INSIGHTS

  Research, commentary & news delivered directly to your inbox

































Oaktree Products, Inc. - Audiology Solutions Network







































Sign Up
Sign in  
Help




 








Audiology Solutions Network
Discover the products and services your audiology practice needs. Find your next industry partner on the Academy's Audiology Solutions Network









Supplier SearchProduct SpotlightContent SpotlightMy SuppliersGet Listed 




 


(




Oaktree Products, Inc.

the leading multi-line distributor of products & supplies to the hearing industry






)




 

Oaktree Products, Inc. serves as a resource for audiologists and other hearing health care professionals with a commitment to providing the highest level of customer service. As a mutli-line distributor of hearing health care products, the company offers over 4200 different products intended for use in the clinical environment or for resale to patients. In addition, Oaktree Products is a resource to the hearing industry and hearing health care professionals, offering information, product solutions, and technical training/education in various areas of clinical practice including hearing assistance technology, cerumen management, and infection control.
www.oaktreeproducts.com
SIGN ME UP FOR EMAILS 


Share
|













Product Spotlight 






								    ZVOX ACCUVOICE TV SPEAKER - AUDIOLOGY VERSION				    			


TV speaker for individuals with mild to moderate hearing loss
Audiology remote allows a hearing health specialist to fine-tune the sound of the speaker to match the listener's hearing needs
 
More Information » www.oaktreeproducts.com/zvox-accuvoice-tv-speaker-...









								    Aftershockz Trekz Titanium Bone Conduction Bluetooth Headphones				    			

Bone conduction technology delivers music through your mastoid bone, ensuring ears remain completely open to hear ambient sounds 
More Information » www.oaktreeproducts.com/aftershokz-trekz-titanium-...









								    Audiowipes Pouch (30 WIPES / POUCH)				    			


Designed to clean hearing aids, earmolds, earphones, headphones, and any other hard surface or object
Thirty (30) towelettes packaged in a convenient pouch
Alcohol free, won't harm rubber, plastic, silicone or acrylic
Portable
 
More Information » www.oaktreeproducts.com/audiowipes-pouch-30-wipes-...












Videos 








 Perfect Dry Lux  
 CellScope Oto Video Otoscope  
 Audio Wipes Pouch  
 TL-One Amplified Stethoscope for Hearing Aid Wearers  



 

Images 


   Please wait while the images load. This viewer requires JavaScript and the Flash Player.





Documents 



 

Research Summary of Smoke Detectors and Hearing Loss: Alarming Facts Every Audiologist Should Know By: AU Bankaitis, Vice President, Oaktree Products, Inc.


	Nearly 50% of adults with hearing loss are at risk for sleeping through an activated residential smoke detector emitting intensity levels consistent with current Federal Fire Codes
See research results outlining how adults with normal hearing respond to smoke detectors versus adults with mild to moderately-severe hearing loss
Learn what the most effective signal is for our patients with hearing loss
Read up on two important call to action items for every audiologist to act upon More » 


 
 

Hearing Loss & Smoke Detector Facts for Patients By: AU Bankaitis, Vice President, Oaktree Products, Inc.


	Fact sheet for patients on hearing loss and smoke detectors
Easy to understand
Helps initiate productive conversation of comprehensive hearing needs More » 


 


Amplified Stethoscopes: Hearing Instrument Programming ConsiderationsOctober 21, 2016 3:53pmAmplified Stethoscopes: Hearing Instrument Programming ConsiderationsOctober 21, 2016 3:55pm




News: AU Bankaitis's Audiology Blog 






Dispensing audiologists: about 50% would probably offer PSAPs and OTC hearing aids
July 20, 2017 9:04pm
As an audiologist who used to dispense hearing instruments, I often wonder how I would logistically react to the disruption currently taking place in the hearing industry.  If I were still in clinical practice, would I offer PSAPs and/or OTC … Continue reading →
View this post




Dear Esteemed Consumer with Hearing Loss – A Letter From an Audiologist
March 29, 2017 11:31am
On November 7, 2016 U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass) and Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) introduced the Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act of 2016, legislation that would make certain types of hearing aids that compensate for mild to moderate hearing loss available over-the-counter … Continue reading →
View this post




Even Mild Hearing Loss Can Kill You
March 15, 2017 12:48pm
Good Morning America ran a story this morning warning parents that more than 80% of children between the ages of 2 and 13 did not wake up to an active smoke detector.  As I watched, I nodded my head because that … Continue reading →
View this post




New CS-QConnect Makes Landline Phones Bluetooth Enabled!
January 25, 2017 11:26am
Know any patients who wish their home phones were Bluetooth enabled so they could wirelessly chit-chat with friends and family using their landline phone? The ClearSounds QConnect (CS-QConnect) is a great solution to consider for optimizing communication. This new Bluetooth … Continue reading →
View this post




Oaktree Products’ 2017 Silver Anniversary Catalog
January 18, 2017 1:11pm
The 2017 Oaktree Products catalog is now available and hitting your clinic’s doorstep during the month of January.  The artwork adorning this year’s cover was created by Nicole Borg, a company employee since 2013 with an incredible artistic talent. The … Continue reading →
View this post




AudBling’s Celebrating Five Year Anniversary – guest post by Noël Crosby
December 7, 2016 8:00am
As I was window shopping one day, a jewelry display caught my eye.  I went a little closer and was delighted at what I saw, in particular the sterling silver and shell jewelry. I had never see such a beautiful … Continue reading →
View this post












Web Site: www.oaktreeproducts.com 






Information


Oaktree Products, Inc.610 Spirit Valley EastSt. Louis, Missouri 63005United StatesEmail: otp@oaktreeproducts.comPhone: 800-347-1960Map It »www.oaktreeproducts.comAdd to My Suppliers 
 
  Follow @oaktreeproducts
  

 

Product Spotlight3 Videos4 Images1 Documents4 News6 Last UpdatedJuly 26, 2017 12:46am EDT





Categories	            



				AudiologyNOW! Exhibitors 


AudiologyNOW! Exhibitors 2017 

				Cerumen Management 


Cerumen Removal Tools 

				Hearing Aids 


Accessories 

Batteries 

Repairs 

				Hearing Conservation & Protection 


Ear Molds 

Headphones 

				Impressions and Ear Molds 


Impressions and Ear Molds 

				Lab/Clinical Equipment 


Cleaning/Infection Control 

Repair/Modification 

				Light Sources 


Headlamps 

Otoscopes 

Video Otoscopes 

				Patient Offerings 


Earmolds 

Headphones 

Hearables 

				Practice Building, Strategy & Management 


Infection Control 

Video Services 

				Software & Equipment 


Assistive Listening 

Hearables 

Otoscopes and Headlamps 



AudiologyNOW! Exhibitors 2017, Cerumen Removal Tools, Accessories, Batteries, Repairs, Ear Molds, Headphones, Impressions and Ear Molds, Cleaning/Infection Control, Repair/Modification, Headlamps, Otoscopes, Video Otoscopes, Earmolds, Headphones, Hearables, Infection Control, Video Services, Assistive Listening, Hearables, Otoscopes and Headlamps 




Connect








Tweets by @oaktreeproducts



Contacts




Bob  Kemp




Owner					Oaktree Products, Inc.					Saint Louis, Missouri 







AU Bankaitis




Vice President					Oaktree Products, Inc.					Saint Louis, Missouri 







Alison Hartman




Marketing & Product Manager					Oaktree Products, Inc.					Saint Louis, Missouri 



















Association Buyers Guide
Non-dues Revenue
Webinars
Whitepapers
Product Showcase



Powered by Webvent
::
Professional Content Networks ::
Terms ::
Privacy © 2017 Webvent, Inc.






需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.27.17 | About: Oaktree Capital (OAK) Oaktree Capital Group LLC (NYSE:OAK)
Q1 2017 Earnings Call
April 27, 2017 11:00 am ET
Executives
Andrea D. Williams - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
Analysts
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (NYSE:USA) LLC
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator
Welcome, and thank you for joining the Oaktree Capital Group First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, but will be prompted for a question-and-answer session following the prepared remarks.
Now, I would like to introduce Andrea Williams, Oaktree's Head of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations, who will host today's conference call. Ms. Williams, you may begin.
Andrea D. Williams - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thank you, Laura, and welcome to all of you who have joined us for today's call to discuss Oaktree's first quarter 2017 financial results. Our earnings release issued this morning detailing these results may be accessed through the Unitholders section of our website. Our speakers today are Oaktree's Chief Executive Officer, Jay Wintrob; Co-Chairman and Chief Investment Officer, Bruce Karsh; and Chief Financial Officer, Dan Levin. We will be happy to take your questions following their prepared remarks.
Before we begin, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements, reflecting our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. Important factors could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those indicated in these statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for a discussion of these factors. We undertake no duty to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
I'd also like to remind you that nothing on this call constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any Oaktree fund. Investors and others should note that Oaktree uses the Unitholders section of its corporate website to announce material information. Accordingly, Oaktree encourages investors, and the media and others to review the information that it shares on its corporate website at ir.oaktreecapital.com.
During our call today, we will be making reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measurement, please refer to our earnings press release, which was furnished to the SEC today on Form 8-K and may be accessed through the Unitholders section of our website. Today, we announced a quarterly distribution of $0.71 per Class A unit, payable on May 12, to holders of record as of the close of business on May 8. Finally, we plan to issue our first quarter 10-Q next week.
With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Jay.
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thank you, Andrea, and hello to everyone. The U.S. market started strong in 2017, driven by investor optimism regarding the new administration's stated desire to lower taxes, provide strong fiscal stimulus and reduce regulations to spur growth. In this distinctly pro business environment, markets and assets have appreciated, and Oaktree has performed well.
Given that the animal spirits in the market have led to steadily higher valuations, we've taken advantage of increased opportunities to sell assets out of our closed-end funds at favorable prices. At the same time, we continue to deploy capital across all of our strategies in a disciplined and cautious manner with a focus on controlling risk and limiting the downside. All-in-all, realizations exceeded investments by a widening margin in the first quarter, and we believe this was the correct posture to take for our clients.

Our strong financial performance this quarter was highlighted by 54% growth in adjusted net income and 25% growth in distributable earnings, both versus the same period a year ago. These results were driven by higher incentive and investment income as we benefited from continued strong investment performance and significant realization activity in our Distressed Debt and other closed-end funds. Additionally, our share of DoubleLine's net income, which we account for as investment income, continues to fuel our distributable earnings.
We deem superior investment performance with risk under control to be the most important thing we focus on at Oaktree. During the first quarter, we achieved satisfactory results. Our closed-end funds generated an aggregate gross return of 3%, bringing the last 12 months return to 16%. These returns, coupled with continued strong performance across our evergreen strategies, highlight the power of our incentive-creating fund platform. In the first quarter, we created net incentives of $97 million and net accrued incentives have increased by 30% over the past 12 months.
In terms of fund raising, gross capital raised in the first quarter was $3.1 billion, bringing this figure for the prior 12 months to $13 billion. During the first quarter, closed-end capital raise included final commitments of $500 million for Opportunities Fund Xb, bringing total committed capital for that fund to $8.9 billion. Of the 127 Private Debt funds that closed in the last year, Opps Xb was the largest. It's worth noting some of the statistics for the successful fund raised, as they make clear the depth, breadth and diversity of Oaktree's client relationships around the globe.
Over 330 limited partners committed to the fund and 107 of those were new clients to Oaktree. Thus, the Opps Funds continue to function as relationship starters for us, as they have for 28 years. About 27% of the capital raised was from clients based outside of the Americas, a higher percentage than for Opportunities Fund IX. Consistent with the previous funds, the largest contributors of capital were public pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and insurance companies. We see our fund-raising success in Distressed Debt as a direct result of the disciplined and patient approach we've taken in deploying capital over our history and, of course, in delivering strong risk-adjusted returns.
Of all of the 57 closed-end funds created since Oaktree's founding, none have lost money for our clients on a gross basis, demonstrating our adherence to the primacy of risk control throughout our history. Meanwhile, we continue to make progress in fund-raising for other funds such as European Principal Fund IV, which has reached approximately €1.1 billion in committed capital as of March 31; and the European Capital Solutions private loan fund, which completed fund-raising this quarter with a total of approximately €700 million.
We continue fund-raising for our various real estate vehicles, including Real Estate Debt Fund II, currently at €765 million in commitments; as well as raising our first evergreen Real Estate Income Fund and we continue to fund-raise for Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund and Emerging Market Debt Total Return Funds.
In terms of our first infrastructure fund-raise, after receiving significant LP demand for a fund targeting transportation assets, we decided to reposition Infrastructure Fund I into two separate fund vehicles with specific sector focuses. Given the transportation, infrastructure teams' differentiated expertise in public, private partnerships and strong historical investment performance across the entire transport spectrum of land, sea and air, this quarter we'll begin marketing the first and only U.S.-dedicated Transportation Infrastructure Fund.

Concurrently, we'll launch an energy-focused fund to invest in power and midstream infrastructure investments, primarily in North America, where we believe infrastructure is positioned for a surge of activity. We're optimistic about the prospects for the infrastructure strategy with the relaunch of these two sector funds.
Turning to open-end funds, we experienced net outflows of roughly $1 billion for the quarter, the majority of which were in high-yield bonds and convertibles. Some clients have reduced their exposure to high-yield bonds given the very strong recent performance of the asset class and the limited opportunity for capital appreciation at current pricing.
Convertibles outflows were driven by two primary factors: a shrinking market size and some performance challenges in our U.S. Convertible strategy. Using Morningstar data as a reference point, we note that U.S. High Yield and Convertibles mutual funds also experienced net outflows during the first quarter.
Counterbalancing this trend has been continued inflows to our open-end European Senior Loan strategy, where we've seen positive flows both directly from institutional investors and via our CCAV (09:21) platform. And finally, we also remain active in marketing our new Global Credit Fund, a vehicle that combines the full breadth of Oaktree's more liquid credit strategies within a relative value framework based on a dynamic asset allocation process overseen by our Chief Investment Officer, Bruce Karsh. Clients' initial reactions to this multi-asset strategy have been quite favorable and we're now finalizing our first separate accounts. We look forward to updating you on the progress of our Global Credit Fund in the coming quarters.
And with that, I'll hand it over to Bruce to cover the investment landscape.
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thanks, Jay, and hello, everyone. As Jay mentioned, owing to investors' expectations that the administration's pro-business agenda will fuel economic growth in the U.S., many risk assets began the year in an impressive fashion. The S&P 500's total return was 6.1% in the first quarter, its best quarterly performance since the fourth quarter of 2015. High-yield bonds also extended the rally, meaningfully outpacing their investment-grade counterparts.
However, after enjoying outsized returns through the first two months of the period, optimism gave way to skepticism and volatility in March, with credit markets and high-yield bonds in particular, under pressure in sympathy with lower oil prices, declining equities and a rally in U.S. Treasuries. After a price collapse in the first half of March, high-yield bonds were able to recoup much of those losses by month end and return 2.4% for the quarter.
Emerging Markets performed especially well during the first quarter, outperforming developed markets by about 5% on the equity front. In part, this rally represented a recovery from the sell-off that followed the U.S. Presidential election. In addition, stronger-than-expected economic growth, rising earnings expectations, strengthening currencies and continued growth in China, all supported commodity prices and raised hopes for an acceleration of global growth. Against this general backdrop, our Emerging Markets Debt and Equity strategies fared very well with returns ranging from 8% to more than 12% gross in the first quarter.
Given the lofty valuations we see across our credit universe, the opportunity in traded credit for our current Distressed Debt Opportunities Funds has largely disappeared, since it ballooned in early 2016. Several of the energy and commodity-related securities that we purchased during the first quarter of last year rallied significantly, and our Opportunities Fund Xa was able to realize a considerable amount of profits.

So, where do we stand today? Absent an exogenous shock to the economy, we continue to see a very benign default environment. Although there may be more bankruptcies in the retail space, we wouldn't be surprised if the 2017 high-yield bond default rate is in the 2% range. That would be about half last year's rate, which primarily consisted of defaults from the energy sector. And the eighth year in a row of defaults below the long-term average of around 4%.
This environment, as we said last quarter, is not conducive to the commencement of a larger Distressed Debt Fund, such as our $8.9 billion Opps Xb. Meanwhile, we can and will continue to recycle the gains in Opps Xa and are focused on select situational distress across a variety of industries such as retail, healthcare and energy.
So as we mentioned last quarter, assuming market conditions stay the same, our current estimate for the official inception of the investment period for Opps Xb and thus, the commencement of charging management fees on committed capital, is likely to start sometime in 2018. While we wait for a larger opportunity set, we will continue to realize and harvest assets across our closed-end funds. As Jay mentioned, our status as a net-seller continued in the first quarter, as we realize substantially more than we invested across our closed-end funds.
So far in the second quarter, we are continuing the successful harvesting of fully valued portfolio holdings. As you may recall, last July, we highlighted the successful IPO of AdvancePierre Foods, a portfolio company of our Special Situations Group. As a reminder, the legacy company, Pierre Foods was a classic distressed-for-control situation, wherein 2008 the team invested $100 million to acquire the business through bankruptcy for an effective purchase price for the whole company of $170 million.
This week, APF announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Tyson Foods for a total enterprise value of $4.2 billion. The transaction is expected to close in the current quarter and the total cash received from this investment will represent approximately 23 times our invested capital and generate $2.2 billion in profits for an IRR of over 90%. Clearly, one of the all-time great private equity investments and certainly the standout in the history of Oaktree, it's even more astounding to note that this is not a high-tech company, but a prosaic food producer and distributor.
Needless to say, we're proud of the key architect, Matt Wilson, and the strong team who helped bring about the outstanding result. They identified an attractive distressed-for-control opportunity, made multiple bolt-on acquisitions and one transformational one, and most importantly, added material value to this portfolio company through hands-on financial and operational expertise.
Matt, being from Cleveland, is on Cloud Nine at the multiple of invested capital figure of 23x (15:57) happens to be LeBron James' jersey number; and Michael Jordan's as well for those non-Cav fans out there. But being a Warrior fan myself, I told him his next goal should be Steph Curry's jersey number, 30.
I look forward to answering your questions, but now I'm delighted to turn the call over to Dan.
Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
Thanks, Bruce, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter's financial results reflected continued strong investment performance across fund categories. Adjusted net income, distributable earnings, economic net income and net accrued incentives, all grew substantially over the same period a year ago.
I'll focus your attention on three prevalent themes that continued in our first quarter results. One, a disciplined approach to deployment of capital. Two, significant realization activity across our closed-end funds as illustrated by $2.6 billion of distributions in the quarter, the highest level since the fourth quarter of 2014. And three, near-record levels of dry powder, signaling our preparedness for change in market conditions.

Management fees in the first quarter declined by $16 million from the same period a year ago. The decline was primarily the result of a number of funds entering the liquidation period in the second half of 2016, such as Real Estate Fund VI, European Principal Fund III and Highstar Fund IV and our posture as a net seller in many of our closed-end fund strategies.
While our management fees have been pressured in the current environment, this same environment provides an attractive backdrop for growing the value of net accrued status and our balance sheet investment, which bodes well for future distributable earning.
Moving to fee-related earning, for the first quarter, FRE declined 23% from the same period a year ago, primarily as a result of the lower management fees I just mentioned. While prudent cost management has been a particular focus over the last couple of years, we manage those costs with a focus on the long-term need and growth prospects of the business. Thus, we don't look to dramatically lower cost when revenue's low for cyclical reasons. We are committed to building a stronger and more scalable platform for growth.
Incentive income grew 52% over the year-ago period, benefiting from our increased realization activity, particularly in a Distressed Debt and Real Estate Funds. Tax-related incentive distributions contributed 55% of incentive income in the first quarter, down from 75% in the year-ago period.
Investment income was strong in the first quarter at $58 million, reflecting our funds' solid investment performance and our 20% ownership stake in DoubleLine, whose assets under management were $105 billion at the end of the quarter. DoubleLine contributed $16 million to investment income in Q1 and $67 million over the last 12 months.
Our funds' robust investment performance also benefited incentives created and, therefore, total accrued incentives and off-balance sheet asset that represents potential future incentive income. Net accrued incentives grew 2% sequentially in the first quarter and 30% over the last year to $969 million or $6.22 per operating group unit.
Of this amount, 91% resides in closed-end funds that are in liquidation, boding well for distributable earning and equity distributions over the next few years. The increasing diversity of this pool of potential incentive income is notable. With over 40% represented by control investing strategies and nearly 20% represented by real estate.
If you were to look at this balance three- and five-years ago, Distressed Debt Funds represented 69% and 78%, respectively, compared to 34% today. For the first quarter, we generated $157 million in distributable earnings or $0.86 per Class A unit. We declared a distribution of $0.71 per Class A unit in the quarter, which brings our distribution over the last 12 months to $2.57, up 34% over the previous 12-month period.
In summary, 2017 is off to a solid start in terms of adjusted net income, distributable earnings, investment performance, fund-raising and accrued incentives. We continue to be disciplined with our pace of investment and, therefore, we reiterate our comments from prior quarters that we do not expect significant growth in our management fees until the start of Opps Xb investment period.
Our continued near-record level of dry powder is strong assurance that we are well positioned for any changes in the investment environment and our continued harvesting of investments in our more mature funds bode well for future distributable earnings.
With respect to the second quarter to date, our known fund-related investment income proceeds are $5 million and we have no meaningful, no net incentive income thus far. Looking out to the rest of the quarter, as Bruce discussed, Tyson Foods announced that it entered into a purchase agreement with AdvancePierre Foods, our largest holding in Principal Fund IV.

Our current estimate is that upon closing, which currently is expected later this quarter, assuming completion of the tender offer and that customary closing conditions are satisfied, this disposition will generate approximately $20 million of receipts of investment income and at least $150 million of net incentive income.
With that, we're delighted to take your questions. So Laura, please open up the lines.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question will come from Michael Carrier of Bank of America.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Hi. Thanks a lot, guys. Maybe first question, just on the exit activity and the realization outlook. I guess, maybe two portions to that. First, when I look at the net accrued, that has increased a ton over the last year. And just trying to gauge the portion that when you're selling, I think, it was 19% that you can realize right away versus the other portion, you still have to kind of payout the LPs before you realize the incentive. So, anyway to kind of gauge the timing on that, like the 19% versus the full $900 million or so?
Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
Yes. Thanks, Mike, for the question. So, as you mentioned, there is 19% that's currently paying, but we're also making good progress on the number of other funds in terms of getting to the point that they are paying. And so, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that upon the disposition of AdvancePierre, we expect that Principal Fund IV will start generating incentive income and that is about 26% of our gross accrued incentives. And so, assuming that closes in the quarter, we expect that that will be paying as of the end of the second quarter.
Additionally, there's a few other funds, Real Estate Fund V and Power III, that continue to make good progress at moving toward the point they're paying. And that's why I think as a theme across all our comments, we mentioned that the realization activity bodes well for kind of future cash flow and distributable earnings.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then just on the follow-up, just on the fund-raising, it seems like you guys have a lot of products that are out there and you're making some progress. On the open-end side, you mentioned whether it's on the high-yield that converts some pressure there. So, when we think about the outlook over the next year or so, how do you see that kind of playing out? Meaning, the activity that you guys are in the market with versus maybe ongoing pressures on the business. And just, strategically, is there anything more that can be done, maybe from a net basis, maybe expanding at a faster pace?
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thanks, Mike. Look, I think when it comes to open-end fund flows, the two key factors, obviously, are investment performance, but also the state of the markets. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we also take a look at, just as a data point, what's happening with U.S. mutual fund flows through Morningstar data. And for the most part, our experience is consistent with that experience. Knowing specifically why our clients are investing and/or redeeming, it's pretty clear to us in the high-yield side that almost all of the redemptions we've experienced have been clients reallocating out of the asset class, hopefully, temporarily because of the incredibly strong run that high-yield bonds have had, probably in large part is due to what Bruce mentioned, historically, low default rates, half the historical rate for the last eight years.
And at this point, given the pricing in the market, it's hard to see much capital appreciation. Convertibles a little bit of a different story. The overall convertibles market, unlike the high-yield market, has actually shrunk, I think, something like 40% over the last several years, the entire market. And we've experienced some of that shrinkage due to that, because we choose not to be larger than a set percentage of the total market. But also with our U.S. Convert product, we've had some performance issues, we've taken actions here earlier actually last quarter. And we're quite optimistic that going forward, we'll have improvement on that. So, I think it's really, again, mainly up to the markets in terms of the pricing of the securities and to also an equal extent, but sometimes we can't even offset the markets, is our own investment performance and high yield's a good example of that.

Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
I think I – yeah, I want to add one other comment, because it's worth noting that the Global Credit Fund, which is our multi-strategy offering of kind of our more liquid principally open-end strategies, is going to play a big part, in our view, of our ability to continue gathering assets going forward in a different kind of a fund, obviously, where we're going to depend on asset allocation, dynamic rebalancing, relative value analysis. So, as I mentioned, we're just finalizing the first separate accounts for that fund and I think we'll have good news to report over the next several quarters on our progress there. And that will help in a way feed assets into several of the open-end strategies that we just referred to.
Operator
And our next question will come from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Did any of the funds have a final close in 1Q? I'm just looking at the raises across European Principal and some of the other products. I'm just wondering any of them were final?
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Hey, Craig. Good morning. Jay. The ECS, European Capital Solutions Direct Lending Fund had a final close. And I think I mentioned that the final assets there were about €765 million. And then the other fund that had a final close in the first quarter was Opps Xb with the $8.9 billion final amount.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Thanks, Jay. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator
The next question comes from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just going back, I guess, to the timing on Xb and kind of the pace of capital deployment. So, all that makes sense. I think in the past you guys said that you still anticipate given kind of the current environment to turn the fuse on early in 2018. It sounds like it's a little less certain. I think you guys just kind of move to at some point of 2018. I guess; A, am I thinking about that correctly? And B, if this ends up being a much more prolong cycle of low default rates, could we anticipate you guys, potentially, returning some of that capital back to LPs?
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Hi, Alex. It's Bruce. Well, let's just start with what a difference a year makes. A year ago, if you looked at the high yield bond market, there were probably 20% or more of the entire universe trading at stressed levels, meaning 1,000 basis points over the curve. Today, it's probably 2% or less, something like that. So, lot of things can change in a very short period of time. We have no idea what's going to happen 6 or 12 or 18 months from now, but our LPs are very, very patient and we've talked to our largest ones this week. We had a LPAC meeting, went very well. We talked about our projections in terms of timing for turning on Xb. I think they were very satisfied that we're exhibiting discipline and patience. And I think they were also very satisfied that we're doing what we should be doing, which is realizing fully valued holdings in earlier funds and finding opportunities to deploy and recycle our existing Xa.
So, there's really no pressure for us to do anything other than do the right thing. And there is no need for us to give back capital and I don't think there is any desire on the part of the LPs for us to do so.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Yeah, that all makes sense. Thanks for the answer.
Operator
Next, we have a question from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley.
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just curious, if you can talk a little bit about the fee-related earnings and FRE margin trajectory from here, just given the strong pace of harvesting activities and the fees on the Opps Xb Fund, not likely turning until 2018, just any color around the moving pieces there would be helpful.

Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
Yeah. So, thanks, Mike. The biggest driver of our FRE margin is going to be our management fee trajectory. And so over the near term, as management fees are moderate due to our continued realization activity in our closed-end funds, you'll probably see us having lower-than-normal FRE margins. Over the intermediate term, especially, when Opps Xb starts its investment period and starts generating approximately $130 million of management fees, we expect there to be a nice step-up in FRE margins, because there is relatively modest incremental expenses related to that fund. So, I think, the longer-term prospects are bright. But over the near term, we're probably going to be at lower-the-normal levels.
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
If I could just add, Dan, on the issue of management fees being the dominant driver, absolutely, and Xb being the most important changes going to occur, again absolutely. Having said that, we have approximately $22 billion of dry powder, $13.5 billion of shadow AUM. And so, there is more of our shadow AUM than just Opps Xb. And also, there are more AUM that charges management fees on invested capital. And so, in a different environment, where deployment accelerates, there will be other drivers of management fee growth from the investment of our existing dry powder and shadow AUM.
Michael J. Cyprys - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Great. Thanks very much.
Operator
The next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just thinking on the other side on the – back to the fund-raising and the differentiated strategies that you've continuously launched. If you can talk a little bit about what you see as the infrastructure opportunity, the sizing of the two fleets that you mentioned today and the potential future of that given what the administration is doing. And then you also mentioned, on the new-to-firm investors on Opps Xb, to what extent do you think you can cross-sell some other strategies to those investors or do you think they're more just focused on the Distressed Funds?
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thanks, Brian. Let me answer that in reverse order. On the new to Oaktree investors, if the past is prologue, it's likely that new investors ultimately will become repeat customers and multiple product purchasers at Oaktree. As we sit here today, close to 80% of our clients own two or more Oaktree products. I think there is something like 38% of our clients own four or more Oaktree products. And our strategy is to deliver outstanding investment performance and I think that's what primarily sells the other products. And so, if we keep doing that, I think we'll see repeat customers and customers that invest in the multiple products. And so, I think I used the term that the Opps Funds had historically served as a relationship starter for the firm, and that's the case again for Opps Xb.
I also mentioned, yeah, we think we're very optimistic about the infrastructure opportunity. First and foremost, you have to have been in a cave for some period of time not to have seen an acceleration of media coverage and discussion about the infrastructure opportunity. So, there's certainly more chatter. I think the need for infrastructure investments, especially in this country, is pretty well documented. What we found when we've been out initially fund-raising for the original Infrastructure Fund was that clients were looking for, as you mentioned, a differentiated offering and a sector-specific offering. And they honed in on our team's prior track record, in particular, in transportation; land, sea, and air, airports, rail, ports, et cetera. And so, it's with that information that we went back, examined it internally and decided to come out and relaunch two sector-specific funds, as I mentioned, transportation in the United States. And we think that's the only transportation-only fund here in the U.S. being offered. And then, energy infrastructure in midstream in North America. And in both categories, we think the demand is very large. And so, we're optimistic about our fund-raising potential over the next probably 18-month period.

Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
I'm sorry, did you give any size of the potential over 18 months for those two new funds?
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
No, we're not establishing – being it so early in the process, consistent with our past, we're not establishing any fund-raising dollar goals per fund and that includes the Transportation and Energy Infrastructure Funds.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thank you, Brian.
Operator
The next question comes from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities
Thanks, guys. Regarding monetization activity, is it possible for you guys possibly to frame up how large this pipeline could be over the balance of 2017?
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Chris, it's Bruce. That's a tough one to answer, obviously. I can tell you one thing that in Q1 of this year, we realized in our closed-end funds $3.2 billion, roughly, which is really about double what it was in Q1 of 2016. Obviously, we've got a major realization coming in Q2 with AdvancePierre. I can tell you that several of the groups are focused on realizations. Real estate, in particular, has done a great job of realizing that. But the big funds, Distressed Debt, really in Q1 accounted for about two-thirds of the realizations. And I expect that Distressed Debt will continue to a show favorable impressive realizations over the next nine months. To quantify it, it's just really, really hard, as I'm sure you can understand. I can just tell you that all the groups sort of see things the same way and sense that this is a great opportunity to realize are focused on harvesting. And I just think you'll see a continuation, particularly in the bigger groups, of good realizations. But I just couldn't quantify it. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of perspective in terms of the first quarter.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities
It does. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator
And our next question comes from Robert Lee of KBW.
Robert Lee - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you maybe just – I don't think this has come up in a while, but maybe just update us on your thoughts, from a strategic perspective, as it relates to Asia. I mean, obviously, U.S., Europe, you have Emerging Market franchise, you're building in different places. And many of your peers have been aggressively raising capital and expanding in Asia-specific strategies. And understanding maybe the legal system's not as conducive to some of what you do in much of Asia, but can you talk about your thoughts there and where that stands?
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thanks, Rob – thanks for the question, Robert. It's Bruce. I'll start and just say on the Opportunities Funds side, the Distressed Debt business. For the first time, about two years ago, we decided we would start to make a real push into Asia. We've been very happy. We've hired a couple key folks; one in Singapore, named Nick Weber; and one in Hong Kong, named Ray Chan. And they've hired some people under them, and we're building groups there. We sense there's going to be an opportunity in Asia on the Distressed Debt side over the next couple years, but we want to build our team, and walk before we run. And we did that very successfully in Europe, same strategy. And right now, in the Distressed Debt side, we have as many folks in London as we do in Los Angeles. So, I have high hopes for Asia. Pedro Urquidi is leading the build-out there on behalf of the team. And the only question is, will the opportunity materialize to the extent we think it will. And I'm optimistic.
There's a lot of debt that's built up in that part of the world. And the interesting thing is whether we'll feel the way we invest in a risk-controlled manner with creditor rights being respected will be the rule of the day over there. We also have an Emerging Markets Opportunities group, led by Julio Herrera, who currently is more focused on South America really and maybe Eastern Europe and less so in Asia. But I think at the right time that group probably will also start deploying resources over in Asia. So, interesting opportunity. Our antennae are way up. We're gearing up for what we think is going to be an outsized opportunity, an attractive one, and we'll wait to see.

Jay Steven Wintrob - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Yeah. If I could add to that, Bruce. I guess, as much of the investment opportunity in Asia is truly that, an opportunity, the fund-raising opportunity is here now. And if you look at Oaktree's results the last few years, Asia Pac has been our fastest-growing region in terms of fund-raising, but China, but also greater Asia. We've added resources in the region focused on fund-raising, and that includes Japan. And so, that's an active part of all of the fundraises I mentioned, a meaningful component of most of the fundraises I mentioned. And our expectations are, based on the amount of available assets in Asia and the relatively light amount that has been allocated to alternatives thus far, that that growth trajectory should continue. It won't be a straight line for us, but it should grow over time and probably faster than both the Americas and EMEA in terms of the growth rate.
Operator
And our next question is a follow-up from Craig Siegenthaler of Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Thanks, guys. The accrued category bounce (44:25) had a really nice ramp over the next 12 months. I'm just wondering, what were the funds that really contributed to that? And sort of an alternate to an earlier question is, how should we think about the timing of the realization here, especially with your European waterfall?
Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
So, thanks Craig. In terms of the kind of 30% growth, there's a couple of funds that have really contributed. First of all, Principal Fund IV has benefited from, first, the AdvancePierre IPO, and then as we mentioned now they announced sale of the business. So, that has resulted in a nice markup in net asset value. And that's the largest holding in the fund. As well, if you look in the fund table, Opportunities Fund VIII has had some nice returns over the last year and that fund has moved through the catch-up layer on a mark-to-market basis. And so, that's helped with the accrued incentives. In terms of the outlook, not sure how much more I can say than what we said in the second quarter, assuming AdvancePierre closes. As I kind of mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect approximately $150 million net incentive income related to Principal Fund IV as that kind of reaches what we call crossover i.e., starts paying incentives and goes through the 80% layer.
As well, there is a couple other funds that I mentioned before, Real Estate Fund V and Power III, that are moving towards that point. And then the rest of the funds, as we continue to realize and distribute, will be making progress for kind of longer-term out. So, that's kind of how I think about our accrued incentives and how we're going to, over time, move that through the kind of income statement.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Got it. Can I squeeze one more question in?
Daniel Dane Levin - Oaktree Capital Management LP
Sure.
Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
So, just on Opps Fund VIII, which had sort of a nice lift over last year, were there any themes or geographies or anything specific which should have drove the improvement there and drove it through (46:42) catch up?
Bruce Karsh - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Our largest holding in Fund VIII is a public stock homebuilder, called Taylor Morrison, and homebuilding stocks last year languished. But as the year progressed and certainly the first quarter, that stock has improved materially, as has it's – it's business has been and continues to be very, very strong. Encourage you to take a look at the most recent quarterly report and outlook. And you'll see why we're optimistic about that particular holding. And I think it's the largest holding maybe by a factor of three almost in that fund.

Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Got it. Thank you, Bruce.
Operator
And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andrea Williams for any closing remarks.
Andrea D. Williams - Oaktree Capital Group LLC
Thank you again, everyone, for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. A replay of this call will be available for 30 days on Oaktree's website in the Unitholders section, or by dialing 877-344-7529 in the U.S., or 412-317-0088 outside of the U.S. The replay access code for this conference call is 10103753, and you can access it approximately one hour from now. Thank you.
Operator
The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, Asset Management, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All OAK TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies Woori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Today, 1:01 PM • Heath WhiteARMOUR Residential: This One Was ImportantARR• Today, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsEastgroup Properties: Pushing Through The Houston ProblemEGP• Today, 11:00 AM • Beyond SavingComparing Citigroup To Wells Fargo: Financial Ratio AnalysisC, WFC• Today, 10:40 AM • Chris B Murphy•5 CommentsMasterCard Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMA• Today, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsIs Low-Single-Digit Revenue Growth The Best Goldman Sachs Can Do?GS• Today, 10:36 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•8 CommentsKKR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKKR• Today, 10:31 AM • SA TranscriptsMasterCard: Why Own Anything Else?MA• Today, 10:08 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsBuy This REIT For Its Dividend OnlyOHI• Today, 10:05 AM • Jonathan Weber•40 CommentsAllianceBernstein Holding L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAB• Today, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsAGNC Investment Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGNC• Today, 9:22 AM • SA TranscriptsGreat Western Bancorp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGWB• Today, 9:04 AM • SA TranscriptsLazard Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLAZ• Today, 8:44 AM • SA TranscriptsDividend Aristocrat On Sale, Yield 5.1%, Never Missed A Dividend Hike Since 1994Editors' Pick • SKT• Today, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•43 CommentsAnother Value Trap ConundrumEditors' Pick • SBRA• Today, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•45 CommentsDeutsche Bank AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDB• Today, 6:45 AM • SA TranscriptsDynex Capital Gets Discounted For Being RealisticDX• Today, 5:27 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•4 CommentsI Put In An Order For AGNCP'S 7.96% Dividend Yield Preferred ShareAGNC• Today, 4:30 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•9 CommentsWestpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Yesterday, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•3 CommentsTembec Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMBCF• Yesterday, 7:38 PM • SA TranscriptsXL Group plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXL• Yesterday, 7:09 PM • SA TranscriptsLegg Mason Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLM• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • Maks F. S.•4 CommentsDiscover Financial Services 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDFS• Yesterday, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•41 CommentsIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Samantha Hendrie•1 CommentLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Yesterday, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•17 CommentsAmeriprise Financial, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMP• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsCanada's Top Insurance Companies: Sun Life FinancialSLF• Yesterday, 4:21 PM • Mat Litalien•6 CommentsTPG Specialty Lending: Q2 Earnings Beat Will Likely Drive Special Dividends For This High-Quality BDCTSLX• Yesterday, 4:07 PM • BDC Buzz•2 CommentsFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCF• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA TranscriptsBGC Partners, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGCP• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsUnum: Time To Take ProfitsUNM• Yesterday, 2:44 PM • MnMInvestor•2 CommentsChemical Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHFC• Yesterday, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsComparing Bank Of America To JPMorgan: Breaking Down Their Income StatementsBAC, JPM• Yesterday, 2:25 PM • Chris B Murphy•12 CommentsValley National Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVLY• Yesterday, 1:40 PM • SA TranscriptsPTY Could Still Trend HigherPTY• Yesterday, 12:45 PM • Dividend Seeker•12 CommentsFlushing Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFIC• Yesterday, 12:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPopular, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBPOP• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • SA TranscriptsEastGroup Properties Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGP• Yesterday, 11:54 AM • SA TranscriptsBuy Regions Financial Corporation For Moderate Growth And IncomeRF• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • Bobak Forouzan•5 CommentsGBAB - Best Performing Build America Bond Portfolio?GBAB• Yesterday, 11:28 AM • Maks F. S.•4 CommentsTRI Pointe Homes 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTPH• Yesterday, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsBOK Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBOKF• Yesterday, 11:06 AM • SA TranscriptsCentral Pacific Financial Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPF• Yesterday, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsSterling Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTL• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsGet Twice The Market's Dividend Yield With A Big And Cheap BankCM• Yesterday, 10:38 AM • Jonathan Weber•16 CommentsMarketAxess Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMKTX• Yesterday, 10:29 AM • SA TranscriptsCitigroup: 2020 VisionC• Yesterday, 10:26 AM • FIG Ideas•4 CommentsThe Strategy Behind The Dividend Champion DominanceO• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•14 CommentsMid-America Apartment Communities Inc.: Buy, Don't Rent This REITMAA• Yesterday, 10:00 AM • Millennial Investing•5 CommentsState Street Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTT• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • SA TranscriptsNasdaq Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNDAQ• Yesterday, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsCoreLogic, INC. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCLGX• Yesterday, 9:13 AM • SA Transcripts80% Upside With Innovative IndustrialIIPR• Yesterday, 9:12 AM • Dane Bowler•27 CommentsUMB Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUMBF• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • SA TranscriptsFirst Financial Bancorp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFBC• Yesterday, 9:07 AM • SA TranscriptsTrustmark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRMK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • SA TranscriptsQTS Realty Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesQTS• Yesterday, 8:58 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Optimal REIT Portfolio For The Generalist: Yield REITsCCP, CUBE, FRT• Yesterday, 8:52 AM • Hoya Capital Real Estate•8 CommentsHDFC Bank: India's Unbanked Population Presents An OpportunityHDB• Yesterday, 8:40 AM • David Krejca•2 Comments'Our Restructuring Is Over' Says Michael Corbat Of CitigroupC• Yesterday, 8:29 AM • John M. Mason•11 CommentsNo-Brainer - Bank Of AmericaBAC• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Leo Nelissen•7 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBXMT• Yesterday, 8:17 AM • SA TranscriptsT. Rowe: Kicking Into High GearTROW• Yesterday, 8:11 AM • Samuel Smith•6 CommentsA Private Pay Health Care REIT That Yields 10%Editors' Pick • SNR• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•97 CommentsWells Fargo - A Return To Ethical Banking?WFC• Yesterday, 5:19 AM • Mary Jane Fountain•11 CommentsWhy Trupanion Could Be A Long-Term CompounderTRUP• Yesterday, 3:07 AM • Wiedower Capital•12 CommentsFlagstar Bancorp, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFBC• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:15 PM • SA TranscriptsFCB Financial Holdings 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCB• Tue, Jul. 25, 8:09 PM • SA TranscriptsSell Wheeler Before The Dividend Gets ObliteratedEditors' Pick • WHLR• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:58 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•45 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentHuntington Bancshares: A Regional Bank That May Rise With YieldsHBAN• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Chris B Murphy•4 CommentsHoulihan Lokey 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLI• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:54 PM • SA TranscriptsU.S. Bancorp's Policy Shift Contradicts Objective Of Bank's Client - Federal GovernmentUSB• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:26 PM • John Burnett•15 Comments123456...658Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Penn National Gaming's (PENN) CEO Tim Wilmott on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PENN•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




United Therapeutics' (UTHR) CEO Martine Rothblatt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UTHR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AXIS Capital's (AXS) CEO Albert Benchimol on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CYS Investments' (CYS) CEO Kevin Grant On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CYS•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lazard's (LAZ) CEO Kenneth Marc Jacobs on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LAZ•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  1:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teradata (TDC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TDC•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Attunity's (ATTU) CEO Shimon Alon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATTU•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alkermes' (ALKS) CEO Richard Pops on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALKS•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Verizon Communications (VZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VZ•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Retail Opportunity Investments' (ROIC) CEO Stuart Tanz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ROIC•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ConnectOne Bancorp's (CNOB) CEO Frank Sorrentino III on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNOB•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Tempur Sealy International (TPX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TPX•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Safe Bulkers' (SB) CEO Polys Hajioannou on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SB•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kraton's (KRA) CEO, Kevin Fogarty on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KRA•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Whirlpool (WHR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WHR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




New Media's (NEWM) CEO Mike Reed on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEWM•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 12:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ExlService Holdings' (EXLS) CEO Rohit Kapoor Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EXLS•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




FMC Technologies' (FTI) CEO Doug Pferdehirt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:42 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Gentherm's (THRM) CEO Dan Coker on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


THRM•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:42 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Interface's (TILE) CEO Jay Gould on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TILE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:42 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Boston Private Financial Holdings' (BPFH) CEO Clayton Deutsch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BPFH•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:36 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Capstead Mortgage's (CMO) CEO Phillip Reinsch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMO•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:31 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Comcast (CMCSA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMCSA•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Landstar System (LSTR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LSTR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:13 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




ACI Worldwide's (ACIW) CEO Phil Heasley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACIW•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




AllianceBernstein's (AB) CEO Seth Bernstein on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AB•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 10:47 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renishaw's (RNSHF) CEO David McMurtry on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSHF•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 10:05 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cimpress NV (CMPR) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CMPR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  9:41 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Statoil (STO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


STO•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  9:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Tower International's (TOWR) CEO James Gouin on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TOWR•
      Thu, Jul. 27,  2:59 AM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4443Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



      Oaktree: Is There Much Upside Left? - Barron's
    































































































 






EditionU.S.ASIAHomeReal-TimeStocks to WatchTech Trader DailyFocus on FundsIncome InvestingEmerging MarketsAsia Stocks to WatchMagazineThis Week's EditionPast EditionsAdvisor CenterDataMarket Data CenterMarket LabEconomic CalendarWatchlistBarron's 400Picks & PansPentaPenta MagazinePenta DailyPenta ArchivesNext sign outCustomer CenterNewsletters & AlertsWhat are you searching for?SearchBarron'sAll SectionsSubscribe Now | Sign InSign InSearchHomeReal-TimeMagazineAdvisor CenterDataPentaNextSIGN INVIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS
 




 




This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.
http://www.barrons.com/articles/oaktree-is-there-much-upside-left-1501167572











                  Focus on Funds
              




Oaktree: Is There Much Upside Left?
Oaktree Capital Group's stock has risen after the company reported better-than-expected adjusted earnings. But analyst price targets suggest there is little upside left.

 








By

Crystal Kim



        July 27, 2017 10:59 a.m. ET
      


 














Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large



 

















 Oaktree Capital Group (OAK) shares have risen on solid quarterly results, up 1.15% to around $48.25 Thursday morning. 





Photo by TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images







 The asset management firm reported adjusted net income of $1.73 compared to consensus estimates of $1.48. Higher incentive income generation of $457 million helped as did higher returns in its closed-end funds. Sales of $704 million beat Jefferies forecast of $576 million as did incentive income of $457 million compared to expectations $331 million. Management fee sales and investment income were in-line with estimates. Oaktree declared a $1.31 distribution for the quarter, its highest since 2013. Jefferies analyst Gerald O'Hara wrote in a report published this morning: Total incentive income of $457M in the quarter was primarily attributable to the sale of AdvancePierre Foods resulting in $428M of incentive income from Oaktree Principal Opportunities Fund IV. Of note, the fund benefited from the 80/20 catch-up period in the quarter. Accrued incentives (fund level) ended the quarter with a balance of $1.8B compared to $2.1B as of 3/31. The decrease reflects the aforementioned AdvancedPierre sale with a partial offset from $169M of incentives created. O'Hara has a Hold rating on the stock at a price target of $49, suggesting little upside. He isn't alone. Analysts have an average target price of $50.80 on the stock, suggesting upside of just 5.3%.


 

















Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large



 






Oaktree Capital Group


 








 





 PREVIOUS


Legg Mason Stock Trips, but it Still Looks Good 




NEXT 



Europe Stocks: Lean into the Pullback



 


Most Popular










Gilead Sciences: The Biggest of Beats?








Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking








That’s Ridiculous! Fed Barely Moves Markets But Boeing Lifts Dow to Record High








Corning Falls 6%: Gorilla Glass is the Star as Display Struggles








Oaktree’s Howard Marks Surveys a Pricey Market





 











  Latest In Focusonfunds Blog


Latest In Focusonfunds Blog

 








 







 








 









 



Join NowSign InCustomer CenterMembershipToolsAlso From Barron'sCustomer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive HelpMembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege ProgramToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlistAlso From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprintsFollow UsDownload Barron’s AppsApple iOSAndroidPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyCopyright PolicyData PolicyYour Ad ChoicesSubscriber Agreement & Terms of UseCopyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 





Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved
This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.



























      Oaktree: Is There Much Upside Left? - Barron's
    































































































 






EditionU.S.ASIAHomeReal-TimeStocks to WatchTech Trader DailyFocus on FundsIncome InvestingEmerging MarketsAsia Stocks to WatchMagazineThis Week's EditionPast EditionsAdvisor CenterDataMarket Data CenterMarket LabEconomic CalendarWatchlistBarron's 400Picks & PansPentaPenta MagazinePenta DailyPenta ArchivesNext sign outCustomer CenterNewsletters & AlertsWhat are you searching for?SearchBarron'sAll SectionsSubscribe Now | Sign InSign InSearchHomeReal-TimeMagazineAdvisor CenterDataPentaNextSIGN INVIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS
 




 




This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.
http://www.barrons.com/articles/oaktree-is-there-much-upside-left-1501167572











                  Focus on Funds
              




Oaktree: Is There Much Upside Left?
Oaktree Capital Group's stock has risen after the company reported better-than-expected adjusted earnings. But analyst price targets suggest there is little upside left.

 








By

Crystal Kim



        July 27, 2017 10:59 a.m. ET
      


 














Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large



 

















 Oaktree Capital Group (OAK) shares have risen on solid quarterly results, up 1.15% to around $48.25 Thursday morning. 





Photo by TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images







 The asset management firm reported adjusted net income of $1.73 compared to consensus estimates of $1.48. Higher incentive income generation of $457 million helped as did higher returns in its closed-end funds. Sales of $704 million beat Jefferies forecast of $576 million as did incentive income of $457 million compared to expectations $331 million. Management fee sales and investment income were in-line with estimates. Oaktree declared a $1.31 distribution for the quarter, its highest since 2013. Jefferies analyst Gerald O'Hara wrote in a report published this morning: Total incentive income of $457M in the quarter was primarily attributable to the sale of AdvancePierre Foods resulting in $428M of incentive income from Oaktree Principal Opportunities Fund IV. Of note, the fund benefited from the 80/20 catch-up period in the quarter. Accrued incentives (fund level) ended the quarter with a balance of $1.8B compared to $2.1B as of 3/31. The decrease reflects the aforementioned AdvancedPierre sale with a partial offset from $169M of incentives created. O'Hara has a Hold rating on the stock at a price target of $49, suggesting little upside. He isn't alone. Analysts have an average target price of $50.80 on the stock, suggesting upside of just 5.3%.


 

















Text Size
Regular
Medium
Large



 






Oaktree Capital Group


 








 





 PREVIOUS


Legg Mason Stock Trips, but it Still Looks Good 




NEXT 



Europe Stocks: Lean into the Pullback



 


Most Popular










Gilead Sciences: The Biggest of Beats?








Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking








That’s Ridiculous! Fed Barely Moves Markets But Boeing Lifts Dow to Record High








Corning Falls 6%: Gorilla Glass is the Star as Display Struggles








Oaktree’s Howard Marks Surveys a Pricey Market





 











  Latest In Focusonfunds Blog


Latest In Focusonfunds Blog

 








 







 








 









 



Join NowSign InCustomer CenterMembershipToolsAlso From Barron'sCustomer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive HelpMembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege ProgramToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlistAlso From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprintsFollow UsDownload Barron’s AppsApple iOSAndroidPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyCopyright PolicyData PolicyYour Ad ChoicesSubscriber Agreement & Terms of UseCopyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 





Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved
This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














oaktree funds - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Top 10 Mutual Funds - Find Top 10 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 10 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Top 5 Mutual Funds - High Yield Funds | findanswers.online



Ad
 ·
www.findanswers.online/​Income/​Funds



Find And Compare Top 5 Mutual Funds. Read More At Findanswers.online




Oak Tree Golf Club - Book By Phone, App or Online. | teeoff.com



Ad
 ·
www.teeoff.com/​Oak_Tree/​Country_Club



Play Oak Tree Country Club Today. Every Course-No Booking Fees!





Oak Tree CC Tee Times



Oak Tree CC Tee Times





Best Vanguard Funds - Top Rated Vanguard Funds.



Ad
 ·
http:/​/​Shoponym.com/​Vanguard-Funds



Top Rated Vanguard Funds. Browse for Expert Advice & Analysis.




Searches related tooaktree funds



oaktree capital portfolio companies


oaktree capital k 1


oaktree capital investor relations


oaktree capital partners



oaktree capital


oaktree management


howard marks oaktree capital


oaktree high yield




Web Results

Oaktree Capital Management - Official Site

www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of ...



About



People



Contact Us



Individual Investors



OCP



Strategies



Oaktree Funds

https://www.oaktreefunds.com


Oaktree Funds home page. Pursuing the ultimate objective of investment success, the fruits of which are shared by oaktree clients and personnel.


Oaktree Funds

www.oaktreefunds-us.com/index.html


Oaktree home page: About us, our people and our strategies


Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oaktree_Capital_Management


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the ...


Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results ...

https://marketexclusive.com/oaktree-capital-group-llc-nyseoak...


Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ConditionItem 2.02 Results of Operations. On July 27, 2017, Oaktree Capital ...


Oaktree Capital Sees a Big Pickup to Start 2017 -- The ...

https://www.fool.com/investing/2017/04/28/oaktree-capital-sees-a...


Oaktree Capital Sees a Big Pickup to Start 2017 ... The Motley Fool recommends Oaktree Capital. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author. Dan Caplinger


Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4066330-oaktree-capital-group-llc...


Oaktree Capital Group LLC (NYSE:OAK)Q1 2017 Earnings CallApril 27, 2017 11:00 am ETExecutivesAndrea D. Williams - Oaktree Capital Group LLCJay Steven Wintrob -


Careers Center - Welcome to the Oaktree career site

https://careers-oaktreecapital.icims.com


Contact information of all our offices. For inquiries about investment strategies, contact our local Marketing or Client Services Representative(s).


Oaktree Capital Finishes 2016 Strong -- The Motley Fool

https://www.fool.com/.../07/oaktree-capital-finishes-2016-strong.aspx


Investment managers rely on healthy financial markets, and Oaktree Capital routinely has to find ways to make the most of whatever market environment it faces.










Top 10 Mutual Funds - Find Top 10 Mutual Funds | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Mutual+Funds



Search for Top 10 Mutual Funds with 100's of Results at SearchAll.com!





Best Mutual Funds



Top 5 Mutual Funds



Top 10 Mutual Funds




Compare Mutual Funds



Best Performing Mutual Funds



No Load Mutual Funds





Top 5 Mutual Funds - High Yield Funds | findanswers.online



Ad
 ·
www.findanswers.online/​Income/​Funds



Find And Compare Top 5 Mutual Funds. Read More At Findanswers.online




Oak Tree Golf Club - Book By Phone, App or Online. | teeoff.com



Ad
 ·
www.teeoff.com/​Oak_Tree/​Country_Club



Play Oak Tree Country Club Today. Every Course-No Booking Fees!





Oak Tree CC Tee Times



Oak Tree CC Tee Times





Best Vanguard Funds - Top Rated Vanguard Funds.



Ad
 ·
http:/​/​Shoponym.com/​Vanguard-Funds



Top Rated Vanguard Funds. Browse for Expert Advice & Analysis.



Searches related tooaktree funds



oaktree capital portfolio companies


oaktree capital k 1


oaktree capital investor relations


oaktree capital partners



oaktree capital


oaktree management


howard marks oaktree capital


oaktree high yield




12345Next






Answers







Oaktree Capital Management



the company managed $101 billion, primarily on behalf of public funds, pension funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and...

more






Bruce Karsh



Marks to manage distressed debt at TCW. TCW's first distressed debt fund was started in 1988. Karsh served as Managing Director of TCW and managed the...

more






Howard Marks (investor)



distressed assets, which "paid off richly for his investors," according to CNN. According to Bloomberg, ”Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds have...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








