










 













 





 SECGems: Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
12













	 
	
	 333 SOUTH GRAND AVE
	 
	  28TH FLOOR
	
	   LOS ANGELES, 
	   CA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (213) 830-6300    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2010-01-26Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.


2009-03-03OCM EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD1999-01-05


2009-03-03OAKTREE EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001076312
State of Incorporation
E9
Country of Incorporation
CAYMAN ISLANDS










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Frank Carroll


8




 Leon Rhule


3




 Timothy Jenson


8











All related persons/companies# Filings





 OAKTREE EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD (0001076312) 


10




 OCM EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD (0001076312) 


13







 








db
 
 










































Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.
List of persons related to the company Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd..

CIK Number: 0001076312Company address: 333 SOUTH GRAND AVE 28TH FLOOR LOS ANGELES 90071Phone number: 213-830-6300Former name: OCM EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD, date of change: 1999-01-05Former name: OAKTREE EMERGING MARKETS CAYMAN FUND LTD, date of change: 2009-02-25Former name: OCM Emerging Markets (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.Former name: Oaktree Emerging Markets (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.



People related to Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryCarroll  Frank680 Washington Blvd., 6th Floor StamfordCTRhule  Leon190 Elgin Avenue George TownGrand CaymanCayman IslandsJenson  Timothy680 Washington Blvd., 6th Floor StamfordCT




Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. on the Web
Related companiesOaktree ATI Investors, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund (Feeder), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return Feeder Fund, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Debt Total Return Fund Corporate Feeder (Cayman), L.P., OAKTREE EMERGING MARKETS DEBT TOTAL RETURN FUND PARTNERSHIP FEEDER (CAYMAN), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (Delaware), L.P., OAKTREE EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT FUND, L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund (Parallel), L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund Feeder (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund, L.P., Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund (Parallel) Feeder, L.P., Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund (Parallel), L.P.












 











Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Carroll  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    333 South Grand Avenue, 28 Th Floor  
    Los Angeles, CA, 90071Phone: 213-830-6300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-14


Amended


$1,497,320,884


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-16


Amended


$1,497,320,884


$4,500,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-12-22


Amended


$1,492,820,884


$2,810,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-01-24


Amended


$1,490,010,884


$2,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2013-01-25


Amended


$1,488,010,884


$7,050,000


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2012-01-25


Amended


$1,480,960,884


$111,244,000


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2011-01-25


Amended


$1,369,716,884


$19,300,000


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2010-01-26


Amended


$1,350,416,884


$0


Equity Only


06 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Frank Carroll 
 Director 


 Timothy Jenson 
 Director 


 Leon Rhule 
 Director 












Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P.  Funding details


Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001697918IRS Number: 814823959Address: C/O OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 333 S. GRAND AVENUE, 28TH FLOOR LOS ANGELES 90071Phone number: 213-830-6300



Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-02-17New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P.
Key People in Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending Fund, L.P.:

None Oaktree Middle-Market Direct Lending GP, L.P.None Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.Howard MarksBruce KarshJay WintrobJohn FrankSheldon StoneDavid KirchheimerDaniel Levin
Similar companiesOAKTREE EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT FUND, L.P., Oaktree Opportunities Fund VIII (Cayman) Ltd., Oaktree Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P., Oaktree Senior Loan Fund (Cayman) Ltd., Oaktree Opportunities Fund VIII (Parallel), L.P., OAKTREE VALUE OPPORTUNITIES (CAYMAN) FUND, LTD., OAKTREE VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FEEDER FUND, L.P., Oaktree Private Investment Fund 2009, L.P., Oaktree PPIP Private Fund (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree PPIP Private Fund, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return Feeder Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: Ehrenberg Chesler Capital Partners, Ltd, Element Robot LLC, Empower Micro Systems Inc., Empower Micro Systems Inc., Estrella Gold Corp

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















BlackRock - One of the world’s preeminent asset management firms























Skip Masthead




BlackRock




iShares




Our firm




  Our firm



About us


Newsroom


Investor relations


Public policy


Careers


Contact us





Individual Investors




  Individual Investors



 Intermediaries
Visit the dedicated site for financial professionals
 

 Institutional
Visit our site for institutional clients and consultants
 

 Pension Investors
Visit our dedicated site for pension investors
 




 United Kingdom
 



  United Kingdom


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China - 中国
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 

 Hong Kong - 香港
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 



 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 

 Österreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan - 台灣
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 





Toggle navigation
 


Toggle search
 




Search Form
Search input field


Search



























Skip Megamenu
 


Products







Investment ideas 




  Investment ideas



Alternative investments 

BlackRock UK Income Fund 

BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund 

Investment trusts 

Asset classes 

Charities 
 




Planning 




  Planning



Retirement choices 
 




Insights 




  Insights



UK Equities 

Investor Pulse 


Blog 

Interest rates and bank shares
US election analysis
RIP retailers?
A fresh insight into LGBT financial attitudes






It’s time to bring retirement into the twenty-first century


 




Resources 




  Resources



Library 

Investment guides 

How to invest 

KIIDs explained 

Tax information 

Reporting Fund Status 

Securities lending 
 















 












EXPLORE BLACKROCK




Alternatives


Equity


Bonds and Cash


Multi-Asset


INVESTMENT TRUSTS













GLOBAL INVESTOR PULSE


28,000 investors have spoken

BlackRock’s fifth annual Global Investor Pulse uncovers what’s on the minds of investors today.
Explore now










Alternatives


Signs of continental shift


Read our latest interview with Vincent Devlin, portfolio co-manager for Greater Europe.
Read More











Investment Trusts


Emerging opportunities


Read our latest interview with Chris Colunga, portfolio co-manager for Emerging Europe.
Read more















 





Consider your alternatives
See how in the current environment alternative investments have the potential to reduce risk and enhance returns.
READ MORE






BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund
Confront the income dilemma.
Find out more






It’s time to bring retirement into the 21st century
In a new era of financial freedom, it’s time to rethink the way we save for later in life.

Read our latest insights






The future is here
BlackRock's - and the world's - innovative thinking on retirement and longevity now has a home.

Explore now













 
 



You are about to enter the BlackRock UK individual investors site. Please confirm you are an individual investor before proceeding. 



No, I'm not a UK individual investor


> I'm a UK intermediary
> I'm a UK institutional investor
> I'm a pension investor
> I'm a charities investor




Yes, I'm a UK individual investor


Continue









Detailed explanation of investor types
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy




Detailed explanation of investor types

The Pension Investors site is for individuals who have a BlackRock pension or for individuals who invest in BlackRock funds through their employer's pension.
The Institutional site is for pension schemes, consultants or other professional investors.
The Charities site is for representatives of UK Registered Charities that meet the definition of a ‘professional client’ as defined in the FCA Handbook, COBS 3.5.
An individual investor, also known as a retail client, is a client organisation or individual who cannot meet both (i) one or more of the professional client criteria laid down in Annex II to the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC), and (ii) one or more of the qualified investor criteria set out in Article 2 of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 2003/71/EC).
On this website, Intermediaries are investors that qualify as both a Professional Client and a Qualified Investor.
In summary a person who can both be classified as a professional client under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and a qualified investor in accordance with the Prospectus Directive will generally need to meet one or more of the following requirements:
 
(1) An entity required to be authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets. The following list includes all authorised entities carrying out the characteristic activities of the entities mentioned, whether authorised by an EEA State or a third country and whether or not authorised by reference to a directive:
 
(a) a credit institution;(b) an investment firm;(c) any other authorised or regulated financial institution;(d) an insurance company;(e) a collective investment scheme or the management company of such a scheme;(f) a pension fund or the management company of a pension fund;(g) a commodity or commodity derivatives dealer;(h) a local(i) any other institutional investor;
 
(2) a large undertaking that meets two of the following tests: (i) a balance sheet total of EUR 43,000,000; (ii) an annual net turnover of EUR 50,000,000; (iii) an average number of employees during the year of 250
 
(3) a national or regional government, a public body that manages public debt, a central bank, an international or supranational institution (such as the World Bank, the IMF, the ECB, the EIB) or another similar international organisation.
 
(4) a natural person resident in an EEA State that permits the authorisation of natural persons as qualified investors, who expressly asks to be treated as a professional client and a qualified investor and who meets at least two of the following criteria: (i) he/she has carried out transactions on securities markets at an average frequency of, at least, 10 per quarter over the previous four quarters before the application, (ii) the size of his/her financial instrument portfolio, defined as including cash deposits and financial instruments exceeds EUR 500.000, (iii) he/she works or has worked for at least one year in the financial sector in a professional position which requires knowledge of securities investment.
 
Please note that the above summary is provided for information purposes only. If you are uncertain as to whether you can both be classified as a professional client under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and classed as a qualified investor under the Prospectus Directive then you should seek independent advice.

Terms and conditions

Please read this page before proceeding, as it explains certain restrictions imposed by law on the distribution of this information and the countries in which our funds are authorised for sale. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction.
Please note that you are required to read and accept the terms of our Privacy Policy before you are able to access our websites.
Once you have confirmed that you agree to the legal information in this document, and the Privacy Policy – by indicating your consent above – we will place a cookie on your computer to recognise you and prevent this page reappearing should you access this site, or other BlackRock sites, on future occasions.  The cookie will expire after six months, or sooner should there be a material change to this important information.
By confirming that you have read this important information, you also:(i) Agree that such information will apply to any subsequent access to the Individual investors (or Institutions / Intermediaries) section of this website by you, and that all such subsequent access will be subject to the disclaimers, risk warnings and other information set out herein; and(ii) Warrant that no other person will access the Individual investors section of this website from the same computer and logon as you are currently using.
The BlackRock authorised unit trusts are funds authorised under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and are generally available for investment by the public in the UK.
The offshore funds described in the following pages are administered and managed by companies within the BlackRock Group and can be marketed in certain jurisdictions only. It is your responsibility to be aware of the applicable laws and regulations of your country of residence. Further information is available in the Prospectus or other constitutional document for each fund. Please note that only some of the offshore funds seek distributor status in the UK.
The BlackRock Pensions Funds are available through the products of BlackRock Life Limited (authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority). They are available only to trustees and members of pension schemes registered under Part IV of the Finance Act 2004 via an insurance policy which would be issued either by BlackRock Life Limited, or by another insurer of such business.
This does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares in any of the funds referred to on this site, by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or distribution would be unlawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
Specifically, the funds described are not available for distribution to or investment by US investors. The units/shares will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and, except in a transaction which does not violate the Securities Act or any other applicable US securities laws (including without limitation any applicable law of any of the States of the USA) may not be directly or indirectly offered or sold in the USA or any of its territories or possessions or areas subject to its jurisdiction or to or for the benefit of a US Person.
The funds described have not been, nor will they be, qualified for distribution to the public in Canada as no prospectus for these funds has been filed with any securities commission or regulatory authority in Canada or any province or territory thereof. This website is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed, as an advertisement or any other step in furtherance of a public offering of shares in Canada. No person resident in Canada for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) may purchase or accept a transfer of shares in the funds described unless he or she is eligible to do so under applicable Canadian or provincial laws.
Applications to invest in any fund referred to on this site, must only be made on the basis of the offer document relating to the specific investment (e.g. prospectus, simplified prospectus, key investor information document or other applicable terms and conditions).
As a result of money laundering regulations, additional documentation for identification purposes may be required when you make your investment. Details are contained in the relevant Prospectus or other constitutional document.
If you are unsure about the meaning of any information provided please consult your financial or other professional adviser.
The information contained on this site is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. It must not be reproduced, copied or redistributed in whole or in part.
The information contained on this site is published in good faith but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited or by any person as to its accuracy or completeness and it should not be relied on as such. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited shall have no liability, save for any liability that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited may have under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (or the name of any replacement legislation if the legislation permits such a statement to be made), for any loss or damage arising out of the use or reliance on the information provided including without limitation, any loss of profit or any other damage, direct or consequential. No information on this site constitutes investment, tax, legal or any other advice.
Where a claim is brought against BlackRock by a third party in relation to your use of this website, you hereby agree to fully reimburse BlackRock for all losses, costs, actions, proceedings, claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses), or liabilities, whatsoever suffered or incurred directly by BlackRock as a consequence of improper use of this website.&amp;nbsp; Neither party should be liable to the other for any loss or damage which may be suffered by the other party due to any cause beyond the first party's reasonable control including without limitation any power failure.You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to keep secure and confidential any passwords that we issue to you and your authorised employees and not to let such password(s) become public knowledge. If any password(s) become known by someone other than you and your authorised employees, you must change those particular password(s) immediately using the function available for this purpose on the Website.
You may leave the BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited website when you access certain links on this website. In so doing, you may be proceeding to the site of an organisation that is not regulated under the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited has not examined any of these websites and does not assume any responsibility for the contents of such websites nor the services, products or items offered through such websites.
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited shall have no liability for any data transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind, including, but not limited to, any direct, indirect or consequential damage, arising out of the use of the services provided herein.
 Past performance is no guarantee of future performance. The value of investments and the income from them may go down as well as up and are not guaranteed. You may not get back the amount you invested. Any favourable tax treatment of a product (including but not limited to ISAs) is subject to government legislation and as such may not be maintained. The levels and bases of, and reliefs from, taxation changed in the last Budget and may change in the future. Rates of exchange may cause the value of investments to go up or down. Fluctuation may be particularly marked in the case of a higher volatility fund and the value of an investment may fall suddenly and substantially. For your protection, telephone calls are usually recorded.
Please note that while some of the BlackRock funds are "ring-fenced", others form part of a single company and are not. For BlackRock funds that do not have segregated liability status, in the event of a single BlackRock fund being unable to meet liabilities attributable to that BlackRock fund out of the assets attributable to it, the excess may be met out of the assets attributable to the other BlackRock funds within the same company. We refer you to the prospectus or other relevant terms and conditions of each BlackRock fund for further information in this regard.
The BlackRock unit trusts are managed by BlackRock Fund Managers Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and a member of the Investment Management Association) which is the unit trust management affiliate of BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited.
The BlackRock ISA are managed by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited (authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority).
Companies within the BlackRock Group which do not carry out investment business in the UK are not subject to the provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly, investors entering into investment agreements with such companies will not have the protection afforded by that Act or the rules and regulations made under it, including the UK's Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
The views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect the views of BlackRock as a whole or any part thereof, nor do they constitute investment or any other advice.
Any research found on these pages has been procured and may have been acted on by BlackRock for its own purposes.
This site is operated and issued by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Register number 119293). You can gain access to the FCA's rules and guidance notes from the following link: http://www.fca.org.uk. BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is a company registered in England, No. 2020394. Registered Office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London EC2N 2DL. BlackRock is a trading name of BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited. VAT No GB 888 4204 87. General enquiries about this website should be sent to EMEAwebmaster@blackrock.com. This email address should not be used for any enquiries relating to investments.
Important Information
An S&P Capital IQ fund grading represents an opinion only and should not be relied on when making an investment decision. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Currency exchange rates may affect the value of investments. Copyright © 2014 by McGraw-Hill international (UK) Limited (S&P), a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.
© 2014 Morningstar. All Rights Reserved. The information, data, analyses, and opinions contained herein (1) include the proprietary information of Morningstar, (2) may not be copied or redistributed, (3) do not constitute investment advice offered by Morningstar, (4) are provided solely for informational purposes and therefore are not an offer to buy or sell a security, and (5) are not warranted to be correct, complete, or accurate. Morningstar shall not be responsible for any trading decisions, damages, or other losses resulting from, or related to, this information, data, analyses, or opinions or their use. The Morningstar Analyst Rating™ is subjective in nature and reflects Morningstar’s current expectations of future events/behaviour as they relate to a particular fund. Because such events/behaviour may turn out to be different than expected, Morningstar does not guarantee that a fund will perform in line with its Morningstar Analyst Rating. Likewise, the Morningstar Analyst Rating should not be seen as any sort of guarantee or assessment of the creditworthiness of a fund or of its underlying securities and should not be used as the sole basis for making any investment decision.

Privacy policy

BlackRock (“We/BlackRock”) recognizes the importance of protecting your personal and financial information when you visit our websites (each a “Website” and together “Websites”). This Policy including the Cookies Policy is designed to help you understand the information collection practices on all Websites owned or operated by or on behalf of companies within the BlackRock group of companies, including (but not limited to) blackrock.com and ishares.com, together with their local variations (for example, blackrock.co.uk; blackrock.com/de etc). Information collected on our Websites is collected by BlackRock Investment Management UK Limited. Contact information is included in this Policy and on the Website.
We are committed to:
(a)   protecting the personal data you provide to us;
(b)   telling you how we use the information we gather about you; and
(c)   ensuring that you know the circumstances under which we may disclose your personal data.
This Policy covers the privacy and data protection policies on our website, and should be read in conjunction with any other applicable policies, terms, and conditions in place between you and BlackRock.
 
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is dated 1st July 2016.
Previous versions of this Policy are available upon request. BlackRock reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, by updating this posting, in which case the date of the Policy will be revised. However, you will be asked to provide your consent to updated versions of this Policy in the event of a material change to the information contained within it. In addition, you will be asked to reaffirm your consent to this Policy on a periodic basis. The current version of this Policy can be accessed from the link on the homepage, or at the bottom of our other website pages. By accessing the Website following amendments, you are accepting the amended Policy.
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, or our privacy related practices, please contact us:

through your usual contact or at any of our [offices];
by email at investor.services@blackrock.com; or feedback@iShares.com
by phone at (BlackRock) +44 (0) 800 445 522 (iShares) +44 (0) 20 7668 8007
by post: Global Privacy Officer, BlackRock, 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL

 
Data Protection and Privacy
Information Collection and Use
 
Personal Data:
The personal data and other information you submit to our Websites is used to service your account, to improve our services to you and/or to provide you with information on BlackRock products and services. The types of personal data that may be collected at our Websites include: name, address, email address and telephone number. We will not sell, share or rent your personal data to others in contravention of this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, if you are accessing parts of this Website that are password protected, then once you submit your password and enter, this Website will recognize who you are and collect all information that you submit, including all electronic information (including all transaction information).
In the password protected section of our Website, or if you are a visitor who has entered the Website via a click through link in an email which we have sent you, information about you, including information about the pages you visit, the documents you download and other information which can help us personalize our future interaction with you may be collected. Any information collected about you from this Website may be associated with other identifying information that we have about you.
 
Your Rights
You may contact us to:-

request that we amend, rectify, delete or update the personal data we hold about you;
where possible (e.g., in relation to marketing) amend or update your choices around processing;
request a copy of personal data held by us.

Where you would like to receive a copy of all personal data held, such request should be in writing (email or post), addressed to our Global Privacy Officer at our London Office and should contain as much information as possible to facilitate our dealing with this request.
 
Aggregate Information:
We generally record certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to our Websites. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our Websites, the Internet browser you are using and your IP address. If we use such data at all it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally.
 
Sharing your information with other BlackRock companies and Service Providers
Your personal data may be collected and processed for the purposes above:
(i) By any of the companies within the BlackRock group; or
(ii) By a third party service provider engaged by us for these purposes;
BlackRock companies and service providers we engage may be based in countries outside of the European Union / EEA in countries having different standards of protection for personal data. Recipients will be required by us to protect your information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
 
Compliance with Laws
Your personal data will be held and processed by us in accordance with applicable data protection law.
We will not provide any personal data to any other persons, except if we are required to make disclosures by any law, any government or private parties in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding.
 
E-mail and Marketing
BlackRock does not sell its customers' personal data, nor will we provide your personal data to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent. BlackRock will not send you e-mail messages without first receiving your permission, unless it relates to servicing your account or unless you have consented to receiving electronic delivery of fund documents as part of our E-Delivery service. It is our policy to include instructions for unsubscribing from these permission-based programs.
 
Business Transfers
If the business, stock or assets of BlackRock are acquired or merged with another business entity, we will share all or some of your information with this entity to continue to provide our service to you. You will receive notice of such an event and the new entity will inform you of any changes to the practices in this Privacy Policy. If the new entity wishes to make additional use of your information, you may decline such use at such time.
 
Disclosure to Third Parties
The personal data you provide to us will only be disclosed to third parties if we have your permission, or as set out in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose details about the general use of our Websites to third parties – for example, to demonstrate patterns of use to advertisers and other business partners. Information we pass on for this purpose will not include any personal data by which you may be identified. We endeavour to prevent unauthorised disclosures of your personal data by third parties but we are not responsible for any unauthorised disclosures or other breaches of security or for the actions of others if the information was passed to them with your authority or with the authority of anyone other than us or our group companies.
 
Third Party Websites
BlackRock disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website or this Privacy Policy.
 
Security
We recommend that you do not send us any personal data via non secure methods of correspondence, including via public electronic communication channels, such as Internet e-mail, which are generally not secure.
BlackRock protects your personal data when you transact business on our Website by requiring the use of a browser software program that supports industry standard SSL encryption with 128-bit key lengths. The "128-bit" designation refers to the length of the key used to encrypt the data being transmitted, with a longer key representing a higher level of security.
 
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your computer’s memory and hard drive, in your mobile device or tablet when you visit certain web pages. They are used to enable websites to function or to provide information to the owners of a website, or other third parties which receive data obtained from that website.
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
 
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies help us to provide customised services and information. We use cookies on all our Websites to tell us, in general terms, how and when pages in our Websites are visited, what our users’ technology preferences are – such as what type of video player they use – and whether our Websites are functioning properly. Depending on their purpose, some cookies will only operate for the length of a single browsing session, whilst others have a longer life span to ensure that they fulfil their longer-term purposes (as explained in more detail below). Please note that, however long the cookies’ active life may be, you can delete cookies (and therefore stop any further data collection by them) as further described below.
 
If you are using one of our password-protected sites, then the Website may use cookies or other technology to help us authenticate you, store and recognise your configuration and user attributes, facilitate your navigation of the website and customise its content so that the information made available is likely to be of more interest to you.
 
In broad terms, we use cookies on our Websites for the following purposes:
 
• Analytical purposes: Analytical cookies allow us to recognise, measure and track visitors to our Websites and compile a record of this usage information. This helps us to improve and develop the way our Websites work, for example, by determining whether site visitors can find information easily, or by identifying the aspects of websites that are of the most interest to them.
• Usage preferences: Some of the cookies on our Websites are activated when visitors to our sites make a choice about their usage of the site. Our Websites then ‘remember’ the settings preferences of the user concerned. This allows us to tailor aspects of our sites to the individual user.
• Terms and conditions: We use cookies on our Websites to record when a site visitor has seen a policy, such as this one, or provided consent, such as consent to the terms and conditions on our Websites. This helps to improve the user’s experience of the site – for example, it avoids a user from repeatedly being asked to consent to the same terms. We also track whether a user has seen other similar documents (such as an online survey) before – again, to ensure that a user’s experience of our Websites is a smooth one.
• Session management: The software that runs our websites uses cookies for technical purposes needed by the internal workings of our servers. For instance, we use cookies to distribute requests among multiple servers, authenticate users and determine what features of the site they can access, verify the origin of requests, keep track of information about a user’s session and determine which options or pages to display in order for the site to function.
• Functional purposes: Functional purpose cookies store information that is needed by our applications to process and operate. For example, where transactions or requests within an application involve multiple workflow stages, cookies are used to store the information from each stage temporarily, in order to facilitate completion of the overall transaction or request.
• Advertising: Advertising cookies allow us (or third parties) to monitor the behaviour of users of our Websites. This information is used to ensure that products and services highlighted to those individuals are targeted in a focused and relevant manner – e.g. through advertisements on BlackRock websites or through advertisements on third party websites (e.g. Bloomberg, Agefi.com Handlesblatt.de, etc) which are based on your experience with our Websites; or to monitor the effectiveness of those digital marketing campaigns. We also monitor whether the adverts displayed on our Websites are of interest to users and retain this information to ensure that adverts seen by users of our Websites over a period of time are appropriate.
 
Please note that third parties may use cookies. The kind of cookies and the consequent data processing carried out by such third parties are regulated by their privacy policy. Please see below.
 
Your cookie preferences
Cookies are necessary in order for you to be able to make full use of BlackRock’s Websites. In addition, cookies help us provide you with personalised features on our Websites. If you chose to disable cookies, some of BlackRock’s Website’s functionality might be impaired.
 
Local Flash Storage
On certain of our Websites, we include content designed for display using Adobe Flash Player, such as animations, videos and tools. Local flash storage (often referred to as “Flash cookies”) can be used to help improve your experience as a user. Flash storage is retained on your device in much the same way as standard cookies, but is managed directly by your Flash software.
If you wish to disable or delete information stored locally in Flash, please see the documentation for your Flash software, located at www.adobe.com. Please note that, if you disable Flash cookies, some site functionality may not work.
 
Third party cookies 
When you visit our Websites, you may receive cookies that are set by third parties. These may include cookies set by Google, Bizo, LinkedIn, AppNexus, Xaxis, MediaMind and/or Rocketfuel. These cookies are used for the purposes described in the “Why Do We Use Cookies?” section of this policy. We do not control the setting of these third party cookies, so we suggest you might wish to check the third party websites for more information about their use of cookies and how to manage them.
 




Host


Type

 

Third Party

 

Privacy Policy




Doubleclick.net


Advertising

 

Google

 

Google




Google.com


Advertising

 

Google

 

Google




.universal.iperceptions.com


Advertising

 

Iperceptions

 

Iperceptions




survey.efmfeedback.com


Advertising

 

Verint Inc

 

Verint




.serving-sys.com


Advertising

 

Sizmek

 

Sizmek




bs.serving-sys.com


Advertising

 

Sizmek

 

Sizmek




Xasis.com


Advertising

 

Xaxis

 

Xaxis




 
Amending cookie preferences
If you wish to remove cookies set by our Websites from your browser in the future, you may delete them. The instructions for removing cookies from your computer or mobile device depend on the operating system and web browser you use. Please note, however, that withdrawing your agreement to the use of cookies on our sites will impair the functionality of the sites.
 
The site www.allaboutcookies.org includes instructions for managing cookies on many commonly used browses, or you may consult the vendor documentation for your specific software.
Further information about cookies
If you would like to find out more about cookies in general and how to manage them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you would like to find out more about the third party cookies which we use on our website, you can access the third party.




















 






Investment ideas 

Alternative investments
BlackRock UK Income Fund
BlackRock Global Multi Asset Income Fund
Investment trusts
Asset classes
Charities




Planning 

Retirement choices




Insights 

UK Equities
Investor Pulse
 
Blog 





Resources 

Library
Investment guides
How to invest
KIIDs explained
Tax information
Reporting Fund Status
Securities lending


















About Us


Contact


Careers


Awards


Investor Relations


Newsroom








Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Modern Slavery Statement






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.
















Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P.
List of persons related to the company Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P..

CIK Number: 0001549533IRS Number: 981049563Company address: C/O OAKTREE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 333 S. GRAND AVE., 28TH FLOOR LOS ANGELES 90071Phone number: 213-830-6300



People related to Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryA. Karsh  Bruce333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAM. Kirchheimer  David333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAS. Marks  Howard333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAB. Frank  John333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAClayton  Kevin1301 Avenue of Americas 34th FloorNew YorkNYKeele  Lawrence333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCANone  Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman)333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCANone  Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman)333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCANone  Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman)333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAStone  Sheldon333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCAA. Kaplan  Stephen333 South Grand Avenue 28th FloorLos AngelesCA




Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI (Cayman), L.P. on the Web
Related companiesOaktree ATI Investors, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund (Feeder), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Oaktree Emerging Markets Absolute Return Feeder Fund, L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Debt Total Return Fund Corporate Feeder (Cayman), L.P., OAKTREE EMERGING MARKETS DEBT TOTAL RETURN FUND PARTNERSHIP FEEDER (CAYMAN), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Emerging Markets Equity Fund (Delaware), L.P., OAKTREE EMPLOYEE INVESTMENT FUND, L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund (Parallel), L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund Feeder (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Energy Infrastructure Fund, L.P., Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund (Cayman), L.P., Oaktree Enhanced Income Fund (Parallel) Feeder, L.P.












 






