


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund (PRHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				High Yield Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Closed to new Retail investors
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments






			
				
				
				Closed to new Retail Investors as of April 27, 2012 at 4pm EST
				
				
				
			
			




 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$6.81
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.67%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$6.51
							
							-
							
								$6.81
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$9,521.22

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
474
and 
317
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.52%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					11.97%
				
			

				
					11.97%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.80%
				
			

				
					3.80%
				
			


5 Years

				
					6.78%
				
			

				
					6.78%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.93%
				
			

				
					6.93%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.33%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.33%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 31, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Actively Prepared for Rising Rates















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home






Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email















Actively Prepared for Rising Rates








While many said they believed rates would eventually head upwards, not all managers were as proactive as Dr. Hasenstab about positioning their portfolios for the shift. Hear his thoughts on the impact government policy could have on inflation, economic growth and interest rates moving forward.






Average Annual Total ReturnsPeriods Ended June 30, 2017



 Year-to-Date Total Returns1-Year5-Year10-YearSince InceptionExpense Ratios (Net/Gross)



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class (TGBAX)
2.29%
10.42%
3.82%
6.58%
7.69% (9/18/86)
0.68%/0.74%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class (TTRZX)
3.55%
11.76%
4.64%
–––
8.28% (9/30/08)
0.83%/0.86%


Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index1
2.27%
-0.31%
2.21%
4.48%
–––
–––


Citigroup World Government Bond Index1
4.49%
-4.14%
-0.20%
3.49%
–––
–––


Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index1
4.58%
-1.38%
1.05%
3.85%
–––
–––



30-Day Standardized YieldsAs of June 30, 2017



 With Waiver / Without Waiver



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class
5.22%/5.16%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class
5.70%/5.64%




Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. The fund’s investment return and principal value will change with market conditions, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Please call Franklin Templeton at (800) DIAL BEN/(800) 342-5236 or visit franklintempleton.com for the most recent month-end performance.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees.










ABOUT THE FUNDS







Templeton Global Bond Fund






Templeton Global Total Return Fund













GAIN FROM OUR PERSPECTIVEDr. Michael Hasenstab in India
A Bright Spot Amongst Emerging Markets

A Record of Impressive Returns

This flyer illustrates how Templeton Global Bond Fund has withstood the test of time and achieved compelling performance over a 30-year time period.

The Value of Active – 1,681 Basis Points

See how Templeton Global Bond Fund’s distinctly different portfolio has led to near- and long-term outperformance relative to its passive benchmark and peer group.

Straight Talk on Templeton Global Bond Fund

This brochure is designed to help strengthen your understanding of the fund, its strategy and the current outlook of the Templeton Global Macro team. 

Global Macro Shifts – TRADE AND TAXES IN A WORLD WITH BORDERS

Templeton Global Macro, led by Dr. Michael Hasenstab, examines potential US corporate tax reform and the possible impacts of a border adjustment tax.








DR. HASENSTAB IN THE NEWSThe New York Times
The Lessons from Argentina

Bloomberg
All Roads Lead to Rio as Haven from Populists

The Wall Street Journal
10-Year Treasury Yield’s Surge Vindicates Bond Bears








This video is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, market, industry, security or fund. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of February 6, 2017, and may change without notice. A portfolio manager’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy; it is intended only to provide insight into the fund’s portfolio selection process. Holdings are subject to change. The value of investments can go down as well as up, and investors may not get back the full amount invested.
1. Source: FactSet Research, Morningstar. March 31, 2017. Indexes are unmanaged, and one cannot invest directly in an index. They do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges. Important data provider notices and terms are available at www.franklintempletondatasources.com.
The funds have a fee waiver associated with any investment they make in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through April 30, 2018. Fund investment results reflect the fee waiver; without this waiver, the results would have been lower.
The funds’ 30-day standardized yields are calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. The yields may not equal the funds’ actual income distribution rates, which reflects the funds’ past dividends paid to shareholders.
The funds offer multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Visit the fund information page for performance and fee details for other share classes: Templeton Global Bond Fund / Templeton Global Total Return Fund.
Effective 1/1/97, Templeton Global Bond Fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a market-capitalization weighted index representing the U.S. investment-grade fixed rate taxable bond market.
Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market capitalization weighted index consisting of investment-grade world government bond markets.
Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index provides a broad-based measure of the global fixed-income bond market. The index represents the union of the Global Aggregate Index and the Global High-Yield Index and captures investment-grade and high-yield securities in all eligible currencies.
What are the risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Templeton Global Bond Fund
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic and political uncertainties. Investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size and lesser liquidity. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio and its share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. The fund is also non-diversified, which involves the risk of greater price fluctuation than a more diversified portfolio. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value.
Templeton Global Total Return Fund
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations (which may be significant over the short term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the funds' prospectus.
For more information on any funds, contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





2017 Global Investment Outlook | Franklin Templeton Investments
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Uncharted Terrain:  Today’s Global Market Drivers
2017 Global Investment Outlook – June Update










Improving global economic indicators are supporting markets that have been flirting with all-time highs. Against a backdrop of historically low volatility and uncertain geopolitical risks, US and other global equity markets have many wondering whether this upward trend can continue. Franklin Templeton’s investment leaders discuss where they see opportunities and risks.















Economic Policy Shifts in the Developed Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Our global macro CIO shares his view on the next likely policy shifts in major developed markets.







US Fixed Income: Risk and the Current Rate Environment
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Could the US credit sector be facing a near-term correction? Our fixed income expert weighs in.







The Undercurrent in Today’s Emerging Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017Our head of equities explains what’s driving economic growth in emerging markets and how those factors may impact investors.







Actively Navigating Asset Correlations and Dispersions
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 How might investors position their portfolios for today’s markets? Gain perspective from our multi-asset solutions expert.







Global Investment Outlook – Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Watch the complete video, including additional content covering emerging markets prospects and risks, global fixed-income opportunities, and US fixed-income valuations.


Meet the Panel







Edward D. Perks, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Multi-Asset Solutions








Christopher J. Molumphy, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group










Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Chief Investment Officer, Templeton Global Macro








Stephen H. Dover, CFA

Head of Equities

















Related Content








Read key insights from our investment leaders: Topic Paper (PDF) Blog (Web)










Download the audio file of the complete interview (MP3)











RESOURCES







Blog: Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers






Blog: UK Election Result: Grounds for Optimism in the Medium Term?






Blog: Theresa May’s Shock Defeat Threatens Further Volatility






Global Macro Shifts: Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism













PREVIOUS EDITION (March 2017)







Topic Paper (PDF)






Audio (MP3)













What Are the Risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds adjust to a rise in interest rates, the share price may decline. Investments in foreign securities involve special risks including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging market countries involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Such investments could experience significant price volatility in any given year. High yields reflect the higher credit risk associated with these lower-rated securities and, in some cases, the lower market prices for these instruments. Interest rate movements may affect the share price and yield. Stock prices fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and dramatically, due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or sectors, or general market conditions. Treasuries, if held to maturity, offer a fixed rate of return and fixed principal value; their interest payments and principal are guaranteed.
Important Legal Information
The information provided is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, region, or market. Comments, opinions and analyses contained herein are those of the speaker and are for informational purposes only. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of March 15, 2017, and may change without notice. The analysis and opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas, portfolio managers or investment management teams at Franklin Templeton Investments. Opinions are intended to provide insight on macroeconomic issues and commentary is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy.
For US Residents Only
NOT FDIC INSURED ∗ MAY LOSE VALUE ∗ NO BANK GUARANTEE






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Global Macro Shifts
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        Global Macro Shifts
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Global Macro Shifts











WHAT IS GLOBAL MACRO SHIFTS?


Global Macro Shifts is a research-based briefing on global economies featuring the analysis and views of Dr. Michael Hasenstab and senior members of Templeton Global Macro.



Latest edition



Trade and Taxes in a World with Borders
US policy continues to be an important topic for investors throughout the world. Recently, the potential for US corporate tax reform and a border adjustment tax (BAT) stirred debate not only within the US government but also among global investors. Templeton Global Macro examines how a BAT would work, its likely effect on prices and exchange rates, its implications for the longer-term macroeconomic outlook, its impact on different domestic sectors and trade flows, and the potential ramifications for international trade relations.​
Read More






Other editions








January 2017

Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism









June 2016

Emerging Markets: Mapping the Opportunities









February 2016

Inflation: dead, or just forgotten?









November 2015

Japan: The quest for growth and inflation









July 2015

China: Searching for a New Equilibrium









February 2015

Headwinds or Tailwinds?








   
                                LOAD MORE
                            







Meet the Team







Dr. Hasenstab and his team manage Templeton's global bond strategies, including unconstrained fixed income, currency and global macro. This economic team, trained in some of the leading universities in the world, integrates global macroeconomic analysis with in-depth country research to help identify long-term imbalances that translate to investment opportunities.







Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Chief Investment Officer
Templeton Global Macro








Sonal Desai, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Templeton Global Macro










Hyung C. Shin, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Attila Korpos, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Calvin Ho, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Diego Valderrama, Ph.D.

Senior Global Macro & Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Shlomi Kramer, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro

















You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 


 
























Finding Income in a Low-Rate World | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Investment Insights





















             January 2017 
           

Finding Income in a Low-Rate World













“Even in a very low interest rate environment, we are able to find companies that can offer significant dividend yields and have some potential for capital appreciation.”
— Joyce Gordon









Joyce E. Gordon
Portfolio Manager
Los Angeles office 36 years of experience (as of 12/31/16) 
            








Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.
*Weekly CD rates analysis as of November 30, 2016, Bankrate.com. Five-year daily treasury yield curve as of November 30, 2016, U.S. Department of the Treasury.









Rates Aren’t What They Used to Be












 2000 






 2008 






 2017 



















5.43% U.S. Federal Funds Rate











4.11% U.S. Federal Funds Rate











0.66% U.S. Federal Funds Rate












 Source: Federal Reserve. Rates as of first business day of each year.


















 Rates Could Stay Lower for Longer  In the past, extended periods of low rates have been common  





    





Sources: Federal Reserve, Robert Shiller, Thomson Reuters Datastream. Data for 1876–1961 represents average monthly U.S. long-term government bond yields compiled by Robert Shiller. Data for 1962–2015 represents 10–year Treasury yields, as of December 31 each year within the period. Data for 2016 is as of September 30.










Four Ways to Pursue Income




















Municipal bonds These bonds are issued by local and state governments to raise money for building schools, highways and other public projects. 
Income & risk considerations:  Municipal bonds tend to be lower risk with less potential for income. Tax advantages can make them attractive to investors though, particularly those investors in higher tax brackets.











Investment-grade bonds These bonds are issued by governments, agencies and companies to help them finance their operations.
Income & risk considerations: Investment-grade bonds typically involve low-to-medium risk. Offerings are diverse, with issues that include U.S. Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities, inflation-protected bonds and a wide variety of corporate bonds.

















High-yield bonds Also known as “junk bonds,” these are typically issued by companies that may not have a proven history or are facing financial difficulty. 
Income & risk considerations:  Riskier than other bonds, these investments have the potential for higher yields. Volatility of high-yield bond funds can approach that of stocks, however. 











Dividend-paying stocks Dividends are a way for companies to share earnings with their investors. They’re typically issued by mature companies with steady earnings. 
Income & risk considerations:  Stocks involve the greatest amount of risk and volatility, but they also provide the greatest potential for yield.















Maintaining Your Balance







The average investor needs a mix of stocks and bonds to help balance risk and reward. One way to achieve this balance is through mutual funds. 
“Even in a very low interest rate environment, we are able to find companies that can offer significant dividend yields and have some potential for capital appreciation,” says American Funds portfolio manager Joyce Gordon. “Sectors such as utilities, tobacco, telecom and consumer staples have provided above-average and — in many cases — growing dividends. There are many companies in other industries that should do well in a rising rate environment. A diversified portfolio of these investments can help produce income without taking too much risk.”



You might also like: 
2017 Outlook















Print








Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. 












































Closex
 


















 
























Dividends & Income | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Dividends & Income














 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2017  |  FEATURING Joyce E. Gordon 
 Finding Income in a Low-Rate World  





     






Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.

Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Fixed Income 3.0: How to Approach Bond Portfolios in a Post-Post-Crisis World  





     






It has been eight years since the global financial crisis, but in many ways, the impact is still being felt today — in lackluster economic growth around the world, in negative interest rates in several major economies, and in muted inflationary pressures. In order to build sustainable bond portfolios in today’s environment, it is important to understand how we got here, the structural changes in the global  economy and financial markets that have resulted from the crisis, and the challenges ahead that still need to be addressed.  

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Is Aggressive Central Bank Intervention Working?  





     






Quantitative Easing on Turbocharge in Major Economies
In response to the global financial crisis and the muted growth that persists years later, central banks across the globe have aggressively expanded their balance sheets using a range of both traditional and unconventional policy tools. As of the end of June, the combined balance sheets of the U.S. Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of  Japan totaled over $12.1 trillion — a  283% increase since June 2007. Never before have the balance sheets of the central banks of these major economies  been so inflated. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 How to Invest in the Post-Post-Crisis  





     






U.S. Economy: Not an Environment for Aggressive Monetary Policy Tightening
It’s been said, and feared, for years that U.S. interest rates will quickly rise once the Federal Reserve starts to reverse course, resulting in declines in the prices of fixed income securities. Since the infamous “Taper Tantrum” in mid-2013, the Federal Reserve has been carefully trying to step away from the unprecedented easy money policy it has employed since the financial crisis. Yet, the power of the U.S. to  act in isolation has diminished over the past decade. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING John R. Queen , Gregory D. Johnson & Hilda L. Applbaum 
 American Balanced Fund: Balancing Risk and Reward in Volatile Markets   





     






In recent years, many investors have turned to balanced funds to navigate a challenging market environment. Although the U.S. remains a bright spot in global financial markets, low bond yields have made income generation more difficult while equities on the whole appear fully valued following a sharp run-up since the financial crisis. Managers of balanced funds can more nimbly explore evolving opportunity sets using both allocation and security selection. In this Q&A, three portfolio managers with American Balanced Fund® discuss their investment approach in the current environment 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  December 2015 
 Fed Rate Decision: Liftoff at Last, but No Cause for Panic  










    











The Federal Reserve has increased interest rates, as it appears confident about the U.S. labor market recovery, domestic inflation expectations and gradual economic recovery outside the U.S.
While the Fed has not laid out its precise path for normalization, it has stressed a careful approach to increasing rates, which may imply that this tightening cycle will be slower than past ones.
Although some areas of the bond market may lag in a rising rate environment, the income investors earn from bonds should benefit from higher yields going forward.
The impact on equities is more mixed, with some sectors benefitting as the economy continues to strengthen and others facing a headwind from higher financing costs. 


Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  November 2015 
 Slower Path to Higher Interest Rates  



 Lower for Longer  U.S. interest rates have remained low for extended periods at several junctures in U.S. history  


     



Source: Thomson Reuters Datastream. As of September 30, 2015.








The key question facing U.S. monetary policy is not whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year or next, but how far it can go given mixed economic conditions in the U.S. and intensifying financial pressures around the world.
Many are questioning whether the U.S. economy is strong enough to absorb a meaningful rise in rates — even 100 basis points — over the next couple of years, especially against the backdrop of weakness in Europe and emerging markets.
In the U.S., low inflation, slowing job growth and a strong dollar are the crucial factors that should prompt the central bank to move slower than market expectations.
Overall, we expect U.S. interest rates to remain suppressed for the foreseeable future, especially against the backdrop of cautious and measured Fed policy. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 

























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 Why Own Bonds in a Rising Rate Environment?  





  






A portfolio manager discusses reasons to own bonds in a rising rate environment in the context of investor objective.




 Watch Video (1:36)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 MARKET COMMENTARY   |  September 2015 
 Fed Rate Decision: Near-Zero For Now, But Higher Soon?  












The Federal Reserve has decided to keep interest rates close to zero, as concern about global economic conditions cast a shadow over an otherwise fairly bright outlook for the U.S. economy.
Looking forward, the Fed is expected to raise rates gradually, and an increase of 0.25%, for example, would be unlikely to have a significant impact on the economy.
Over time, higher interest rates can be beneficial for bond investors, enabling reinvestment in issues offering higher yields.
Rising rates have a varied impact on stocks. Selective investors who emphasize company-specific research should continue to find attractive longer term income and return opportunities. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2015  |  FEATURING Stephen Green & Andrew H. Dougherty 
 The China Syndrome: Meltdown or Recovery Ahead?  



 The Rise and Fall of China’s Stock Market 


     



A powerful rally in Chinese stocks — and a subsequent sharp decline — were driven primarily by government statements and policy measures, including a series of interest rate cuts. China’s central bank cut rates again in late August and eased reserve requirements on banks. 
Source: Wind Financial 







A sharp selloff in China’s stock market, a surprise currency devaluation and a persistent slowdown in economic activity have raised doubts about the ability of the world’s second-largest economy to maintain the hypergrowth levels of the past two decades.
Against this backdrop, economist Stephen Green and China affairs specialist Andrew Dougherty discuss:

The outlook for China’s economy, which remains generally positive over the long term
The origins and potential implications of China’s stock market correction
Segments of the economy that are poised for growth despite an overall slowdown in activity
China’s uneasy shift toward a market-based foreign exchange regime 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  August 2015  |  FEATURING Hilda L. Applbaum 
 Who Wins in a Rising Rate Environment?  



 In a Low-Yield Environment, Income Stocks Remain in Demand 


     



Heading into the sixth year of an equity bull market, U.S. stocks appear expensive in most sectors. Valuations for traditional dividend-paying sectors, including basic materials, consumer staples and utilities, are high both on a relative and an absolute basis. A notable exception is the telecommunications sector, which hasn’t benefited quite as much from the global search for yield. Source: FactSet. As of 5/29/15.







Portfolio manager Hilda Applbaum discusses income investing
With central banks around the world aggressively suppressing interest rates, the challenge of finding reliable income-producing investments has never been greater. Few investors are more familiar with this dilemma than portfolio manager Hilda Applbaum, the principal investment officer of The Income Fund of America®. In this conversation, Hilda shares her perspective on:

Income-oriented investing in a market where the prospect of higher rates looms large
The emerging role of information technology companies as high-quality dividend payers
The sustainability of corporate profits and expectations for P/E expansion
Finding income opportunities in an aging bull market 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               July 2015 
               |  FEATURING Gerald Du Manoir & Matt Miller 
            

 Evolving Japan Now Offers Intriguing Opportunities  





  






A portfolio manager discusses the recent evolution among some Japanese companies toward a more shareholder-friendly management strategy.




 Watch Video (3:53)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 International 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  Thu Feb 05 17:24:39 PST 2015 
 Oil Price Declines Could Have Far-Reaching Effects  



 It Isn’t Just Shale: Oil Production Growth Is a Global Phenomenon 


     



While U.S. shale has certainly contributed to a steady rise in global supply, non-OPEC supply growth has also been robust in the face of increasing production from Saudi Arabia.
Annual World Oil Production, 1980–2014
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration. Data for OPEC, Saudia Arabia and World production as of September 30, 2014. Data for U.S. production as of December 16, 2013. U.S. figures for 2013 and 2014 are forecasts.









Analysts and Portfolio Managers Weigh Valuations Amid Ongoing Volatility
In 2014, oil prices posted their largest annual decline since the global financial crisis, losing more than 45% as weaker demand and strong global crude output created a supply glut. The collapse saw prices at a five–year low, battering energy shares — which finished 2014 nearly 13% lower — and weighing heavily on financial markets in oil–exporting countries. In our view:

Oil prices could continue to remain low — and may even continue to decline — before supply–demand imbalances are corrected.
Some oil companies have begun to show signs of better capital discipline, but many have room to improve.
Despite lower prices in the near term, demand fundamentals over the longer term should remain supportive of higher oil prices.
Market declines may provide some attractive entry points for investors. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Global 
 United States 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2015  |  FEATURING Frank C. Hu 
 An Analyst’s Perspective: Do Low Oil Prices Put Dividends in Jeopardy?  



 Oil Companies Have Been a Healthy Source of Dividends Globally 


     



In 2014, the oil industry was the second-largest payer of dividends after financials, contributing 13% of the dividends paid by companies in the MSCI All Country World Index. Royal Dutch Shell and Exxon Mobil were among the largest dividend payers of all index constituents.
Source: FactSet, as of December 31, 2014.
* Figures may not total 100% due to rounding. 







Market declines may provide some attractive entry points for investors.


Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Global 
 United States 
 






































Categories




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 










Featured Topics




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 





































Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. 
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. 
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses. 


Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus. 
The Capital Group companies manage equity assets through three investment groups. These groups make investment and proxy voting decisions independently. Fixed income investment professionals provide fixed income research and investment management across the Capital organization; however, for securities with equity characteristics, they act solely on behalf of one of the three equity investment groups. 
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Capital Group or its affiliates. This information is intended to highlight issues and not to be comprehensive or to provide advice. 
Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.










































Closex
 


















 
























Taxable Bonds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Taxable Bonds














 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2017  |  FEATURING Joyce E. Gordon 
 Finding Income in a Low-Rate World  





     






Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.

Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Fixed Income 3.0: How to Approach Bond Portfolios in a Post-Post-Crisis World  





     






It has been eight years since the global financial crisis, but in many ways, the impact is still being felt today — in lackluster economic growth around the world, in negative interest rates in several major economies, and in muted inflationary pressures. In order to build sustainable bond portfolios in today’s environment, it is important to understand how we got here, the structural changes in the global  economy and financial markets that have resulted from the crisis, and the challenges ahead that still need to be addressed.  

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Is Aggressive Central Bank Intervention Working?  





     






Quantitative Easing on Turbocharge in Major Economies
In response to the global financial crisis and the muted growth that persists years later, central banks across the globe have aggressively expanded their balance sheets using a range of both traditional and unconventional policy tools. As of the end of June, the combined balance sheets of the U.S. Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of  Japan totaled over $12.1 trillion — a  283% increase since June 2007. Never before have the balance sheets of the central banks of these major economies  been so inflated. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 How to Invest in the Post-Post-Crisis  





     






U.S. Economy: Not an Environment for Aggressive Monetary Policy Tightening
It’s been said, and feared, for years that U.S. interest rates will quickly rise once the Federal Reserve starts to reverse course, resulting in declines in the prices of fixed income securities. Since the infamous “Taper Tantrum” in mid-2013, the Federal Reserve has been carefully trying to step away from the unprecedented easy money policy it has employed since the financial crisis. Yet, the power of the U.S. to  act in isolation has diminished over the past decade. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING John R. Queen , Gregory D. Johnson & Hilda L. Applbaum 
 American Balanced Fund: Balancing Risk and Reward in Volatile Markets   





     






In recent years, many investors have turned to balanced funds to navigate a challenging market environment. Although the U.S. remains a bright spot in global financial markets, low bond yields have made income generation more difficult while equities on the whole appear fully valued following a sharp run-up since the financial crisis. Managers of balanced funds can more nimbly explore evolving opportunity sets using both allocation and security selection. In this Q&A, three portfolio managers with American Balanced Fund® discuss their investment approach in the current environment 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  Wed Jun 22 03:11:00 PDT 2016  |  FEATURING Robert H. Neithart 
 Uncovering Value in Emerging Markets Bonds Amid Political Change and Uneven Growth  





     






Emerging markets bonds have notched big gains in 2016, despite political turmoil and economic setbacks. Though it is difficult to definitively say that the market has turned for the better, portfolio manager Rob Neithart says there are good reasons for investors to feel positive. The yield advantage of emerging markets over developed markets is hard to ignore, and in some cases valuations are as attractive as they’ve been in years. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Emerging Markets 
 Taxable Bonds 
 

























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               January 2016 
               |  FEATURING Kevin G. Clifford & John H. Smet 
            

 Fixed-Income Themes for ’16: Inflation, Quality  





  






American Funds portfolio manager John Smet discusses areas of opportunity he sees for fixed-income investors looking ahead into 2016. 




 Watch Video (2:18)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Emerging Markets 
 Taxable Bonds 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               December 2015 
               |  FEATURING Kevin G. Clifford & John H. Smet 
            

 Fed Set to Hike Rates but Stay Lower for Longer  





  






Fixed-income portfolio manager John Smet discusses the economic conditions underlying the Fed’s anticipated interest rate hike and offers a likely trajectory for future increases.




 Watch Video (2:34)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 What a Rate Hike Can Mean for Long-Term Yields  





  






A portfolio manager discusses why interest rates have remained low in the U.S. and what to expect from yields when rates do rise.




 Watch Video (2:08)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Global 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 Why Own Bonds in a Rising Rate Environment?  





  






A portfolio manager discusses reasons to own bonds in a rising rate environment in the context of investor objective.




 Watch Video (1:36)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 






































Categories




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 










Featured Topics




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 





































Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. 
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. 
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses. 


Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus. 
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Capital Group or its affiliates. This information is intended to highlight issues and not to be comprehensive or to provide advice. 










































Closex
 




















	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	CEF Types & Strategies | Nuveen














































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us













Strategies


MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity









CEF Types & Strategies

Find out more about the types of closed-end funds we offer and their investment
			strategies using the chart below.





Multi-Strategy



				 

Global Debt

Equity Option



Preferred Securities

MBS

Global Equity



Floating Rate

MLPs

Domestic Equity



Municipal Debt

REITs

				 





Chart Definitions
Income-oriented closed-end funds make payouts largely from interest	and dividends.
Income and capital appreciation funds seek regular cash	flow made up of interest and dividends, with the remainder from capital appreciation or, if necessary, return of capital.
Capital appreciation and income closed-end funds seek cash flow mainly from capital appreciation.
Single-asset-class funds invest primarily in one asset class, which can be used as components in a well-diversified income portfolio.
Pre-packaged combinations are funds featuring multiple asset types, which are designed to work together to diversify fund cash flow risks.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





















	Page Not Found | Nuveen Investments































Nuveen Investments













Page Not Found

The page you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Please visit the Nuveen.com Home page or try to find the page you are looking for with the search page.


Additional Starting Pages
In addition to the Nuveen.com Home page, there are several other locations on the site from which to start.


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts




Literature Center
Featured Commentary
Videos
Retirement Solutions
Knowledge Center















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.












	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	Closed-End Funds Video Library - Nuveen Investments | Nuveen









































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Video Library



Economic & Market
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds







Closed-End Funds



Featured video





Building Income. Building America. 
Highlights of NUV’s thirty-year legacy. Since its IPO in June 1987 – the largest in the history of the NYSE at the time – the fund has given its shareholders opportunities for regular income and to help build vital infrastructure across the country.




More videos






Investing across the Capital Structure
Susi Budiman, CFA
						Fixed Income Portfolio Manager
						October 2016
						




What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




The Use of Leverage in Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Closed-End Funds are Designed for Cash Flow
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Exchange-Traded Access to Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Closed-End Fund Premiums and Discounts
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Understanding Return of Capital
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




Distribution Approaches in Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




4 Key Concepts for Understanding Closed-End Funds
Anne Kritzmire
						Closed-End Fund & Structured Products
						




The information provided is not a complete analysis of every market, industry, sector, or security discussed. The statements included are the views and opinions of the speaker as of the date specified, and these views may change as subsequent market conditions arise, and may also differ from other Nuveen associates or affiliates. A speaker’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as a forecast, research, or recommendation to buy or sell any security. Videos and webcasts are current as of the date they were recorded and have not been updated since that time. The content may not reflect the current views of the featured speaker and may not reflect recent market activity.
No part of this material may be reproduced in any form, or referred to in any other publication, without express written permission.
Closed end funds are subject to market risk,  including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.


















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.







		23830-INV-AN-03/18
	













Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



















	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















Oaktree's Special Situations Strategy





Watch Video















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/27/2017

Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations












	About Oaktree
































































Investment Philosophy


Business Principles


Responsible Investing


Our Communities Matter











Home/ About



About

Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

Oaktree Capital Management is a leading global alternative investment management firm with expertise in credit strategies. The firm was formed in 1995 by a group of individuals who had been investing together since the mid-1980s in high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, control investments and listed equities. Today, Oaktree comprises over 900 employees in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, Stamford, Houston, London, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam*, Dublin*, Luxembourg*, Dubai, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Shanghai and Sydney. We have 34 portfolio managers with average experience of 23 years and over 780 years of combined investment experience.

The firm’s competitive advantages include its experienced team of investment professionals, a global platform and a unifying investment philosophy. This investment philosophy, which consists of six tenets - risk control, consistency, market inefficiency, specialization, bottom-up analysis and disavowal of market timing - is complemented by a set of core business principles that articulate Oaktree’s commitment to excellence in investing, commonality of interests with clients, a collaborative and cooperative culture, and a disciplined, opportunistic approach to the expansion of offerings.

As a result of consistent application of our philosophy and principles, Oaktree has earned a large and distinguished  clientele. Among Oaktree's global clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.

Our expertise investing across the capital structure has allowed us to cultivate a diversified mix of global investment strategies in six categories: distressed debt, corporate debt, control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Importantly, the expansion of our strategies has been achieved primarily through “step-outs” into highly related fields, based on identifying markets that (a) we believe have the potential for attractive returns, and (b) can be exploited in a manner consistent with the firm’s risk-controlled philosophy.


*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
 

Historical Assets Under Management (AUM)1




 
Global Presence2




 
Clients
Oaktree manages assets on behalf of many of the most significant institutional investors worldwide.  Our investor base includes pension plans, insurance companies, endowments, foundations and sovereign wealth funds.  Among our clients are 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, over 400 corporations around the world, over 350 endowments and foundations globally, 16 sovereign wealth funds and 38 of the 50 primary state retirement plans in the United States.
 
Client Mix (by AUM)1








■
Public Funds
23%


■
Corporate Pensions
16%


■
Insurance Companies
9%


■
Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
9%


■
Sovereign Wealth Funds
8%


■
Corporate
8%


■
Endowments/Foundations
6%


■
Private - HNW/Family Offices
5%


■
Oaktree and Affiliates
4%


■
Fund of Funds
3%


■
Unions
2%


■
Other
7%








 
Regional Mix (by AUM)1






■
Americas
71%


■
Europe, Middle East & Africa
16%


■
Asia Pacific
13%








 
Products
Oaktree's foremost priority is to provide its clients superior risk adjusted performance in alternative asset classes. The company invests in closed-end, open-end and evergreen vehicles across six asset classes.






■
Corporate Debt
41%


■
Distressed Debt
26%


■
Control Investing
15%


■
Real Estate
9%


■
Convertible Securities
5%


■
Listed Equities
4%












Investment Strategies (by AUM)1
($ in millions)




Corporate Debt




$ 40,608









U.S. High Yield Bonds


17,204




Global High Yield Bonds


4,526




European High Yield Bonds


1,045




U.S. Senior Loans


8,267




European Senior Loans


3,533




European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


273




Strategic Credit


3,050




U.S. Private Debt


1,372




European Private Debt


915




Emerging Markets Debt Total Return


423





















Convertible Securities




$ 5,381









U.S. Convertibles


2,935




Non-U.S. Convertibles


1,444




High Income Convertibles


1,002





















Distressed Debt




$ 25,787









Distressed Opportunities


23,702




Value Opportunities


1,126




Emerging Markets Opportunities


959





















Control Investing




$ 14,642









Special Situations3


3,911




European Principal


6,014




Infrastructure Investing


2,938




Power Opportunities


1,779





















Real Estate




$ 8,635









Real Estate Opportunities


6,261




Real Estate Debt


1,761




Real Estate Value-Add


613





















Listed Equities




$ 4,132









Emerging Markets Equities


3,603




Emerging Markets Absolute Return


125




Value Equities


404








 
The "Investment Strategies (by AUM)" table and "Asset Class Mix (by AUM)" graph above exclude  $75 million of assets in the Japan Opportunities strategy.
1All assets under management figures presented on this site are as of June 30, 2017.
2 Includes offices of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds in Amsterdam, Luxemburg and Dublin.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.




















	People
































































Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners


Investment Professionals


Marketing and Client Relations


Corporate











Home/ People



People



RELATED LINKS


Our people are guided by our business principles and investment philosophy.


We invest and serve clients globally through offices located in 18 cities in 13 countries.




Oaktree's people — located in offices around the world — have the shared values and complementary skills that lead to our success as a firm. All members of our team, no matter what their roles, work together in accordance with our business principles and our investment philosophy and have a vested interest in our success. This commitment is reflected by the fact that our personnel tend to stay with our firm over the long term.


Senior Executives, Directors and Advisory Partners
Investment Professionals
Marketing and Client Relations
Corporate













	Contact Us



























































Contact Us
 









Los Angeles
p +1 213 830-6300






New York
p +1 212 284-1900








Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800 






London 
p +44 20 7201-4600 







United States





Oaktree Global Headquarters


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
333 South Grand Ave., 28th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071
p +1 213 830-6300
f +1 213 830-6293




Brentwood


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
11611 San Vicente Blvd., Suite 700
Los Angeles, CA 90049
p +1 310 442-0542
f +1 310 442-0540




Houston


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
9805 Katy Freeway, Suite 950
Houston, TX 77024
p +1 713 496-9360

f +1 713 496-9365





New York – Sixth


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
1301 Avenue of the Americas
34th Floor
New York, NY 10019
p +1 212 284-1900
f +1 212 284-1901




New York – Park



Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
277 Park Avenue, 45th Floor
New York, NY 10172
p +1 646 857-8700
f +1 646 857-8848




Stamford


Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.
680 Washington Blvd.
6th Floor
Stamford, CT 06901
p +1 203 363-3200
f +1 203 363-3210






Europe and Middle East





Amsterdam*



Barbara Strozzilaan 201
1083 HN
Amsterdam
The Netherlands
p +31 20 579 2128
f +31 20 579 2129




Dubai


Oaktree Capital Management (Dubai) Limited**
Dubai International Financial Centre,
Office 5, The Gate Building, Level 15,
PO Box 121208
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
p +971 440-19877




Dublin*



2nd Floor
27 Merrion Square
Dublin 2
Ireland
p +353 1 662 1301





Frankfurt



Oaktree GmbH
Frankfurter Welle
An der Welle 3
9th Floor
60322 Frankfurt Am Main
Germany
p +49 69 244 339-3000
f +49 69 244 339-3199




London



Oaktree Capital Management (UK) LLP***
Verde
10 Bressenden Place
London SW1E 5DH
United Kingdom
p +44 20 7201-4600
f +44 20 7201-4601




Luxembourg*



26A, boulevard Royal, 7th Floor
L-2449 Luxembourg
p +352 26 63 25 47 00
f +352 26 63 25 99





Paris



Oaktree France S.A.S.
64, rue de Lisbonne
75008 Paris, France
p +33 1 42 99 15 15
f +33 1 42 99 15 11
















Asia Pacific





Beijing


Oaktree Capital (Beijing) Ltd.
Suite 8, 14th Floor
China World Office 1,
No. 1 Jianguomenwai Ave.
Chaoyang District,
Beijing 100004, China
p +86 10 6535-0208
f +86 10 6535-0209




Hong Kong



Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited
Suite 2001, 20/F, Champion Tower
3 Garden Road
Central, Hong Kong
p +852 3655-6800
f +852 3655-6900




Seoul



Oaktree Capital (Seoul) Limited
6/F Pangaea Building
7-25, Gangnam-daero 27-gil 
Seocho-gu 
Seoul 137-889, Korea
p +82 2 2191-8000
f +82 2 2191-8080





Shanghai



Oaktree Overseas Investment Fund Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Suite 833, Level 8
Shanghai International Finance Centre, Tower 2
No 8 Century Avenue, Pudong, Shanghai, PRC, 200120
p +86 21 60627389




Singapore



Oaktree Capital Management Pte. Ltd.
80 Raffles Place
#51-03 UOB Plaza 1
Singapore 048624
p +65 6305-6550
f +65 6305-6551




Sydney


Oaktree Capital (Hong Kong) Limited****
Australia Branch
Suite 4, Level 27
Governor Macquarie Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
p +612 8278 9248





Tokyo



Oaktree Japan, GK
Atago Green Hills Mori Tower
37th Floor
2-5-1 Atago, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Japan 105-6237
p +81 3-5776-6760
f +81 3-5776-6761














*Office of affiliates of Oaktree-managed funds
**Regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority, effective October 3, 2013
***Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority Registered in England, No. OC363917
**** Registered as a foreign company with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ARBN 609 956 836)




 














Current Clients and Limited Partners




Please contact your local Marketing or Client Services Representative(s) via the following regional email addresses:






            Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com





            Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com





            Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com







            Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK) Unitholders
            



            Please email us at:
investorrelations@
            oaktreecapital.com







Debt Investors


Please email us at:
debtholderinquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com










Media 1


 Please email us at:
mediainquiries@
            oaktreecapital.com


1 Members of the media should note that Oaktree generally does not comment on its activities























	Individual Investors
































































Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors


Public Unitholders











Home/ Investors/ Individual Investors



Individual Investors
 
We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.


Private Vehicles
Allow qualified investors to participate in Oaktree’s products through private commingled investment vehicles.


Public Vehicles
Provide investors access to select Oaktree products through public commingled investment vehicles with daily liquidity.

Learn more about Oaktree's Public Vehicles.













	Strategies
































































Corporate Debt


Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies



Strategies

Investors may access our strategy offerings via different structure and vehicle types, as shown below, based on their investor type (e.g., institutional or individual), as well as their liquidity profile and investment horizon.


















Liquidity


Institutional Investors


Financial Professionals


Individual Investors




Asset Classes


Strategies


Frequent1


Limited2


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds 


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds





















Corporate Debt






















U.S. High Yield Bonds






















































































Global High Yield Bonds






















































































European High Yield Bonds






















































































U.S. Senior Loans






















































































European Senior Loans






















































































European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans






















































































Strategic Credit






















































































U.S. Private Debt






















































































European Private Debt






















































































Emerging Markets Debt Total Return

























































































Convertible Securities






















U.S. Convertibles






















































































Non-U.S. Convertibles






















































































High Income Convertibles

























































































Distressed Debt






















Distressed Opportunities






















































































Value Opportunities






















































































Emerging Markets Opportunities

























































































Control Investing






















Special Situations3






















































































European Principal






















































































Power Opportunities






















































































Infrastructure Investing

























































































Real Estate






















Real Estate Opportunities






















































































Real Estate Value-Add






















































































Real Estate Debt

























































































Listed Equities






















Emerging Markets Absolute Return






















































































Emerging Markets Equities






















































































Value Equities

























































































Multi-Strategy Solutions






















Multi-Strategy Credit






























































































Corporate Debt










U.S. High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Global High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Strategic Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






U.S. Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Private Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Debt Total Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Convertible Securities










U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Non-U.S. Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






High Income Convertibles




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Distressed Debt










Distressed Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Control Investing










Special Situations3




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






European Principal




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Power Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Infrastructure Investing




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Real Estate










Real Estate Opportunities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Value-Add




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Real Estate Debt




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Listed Equities










Emerging Markets Absolute Return




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Emerging Markets Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Value Equities




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds










Multi-Strategy Solutions










Multi-Strategy Credit




Liquidity


Frequent1


Limited2






Institutional Investor


Separate Accounts


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Financial Professional


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds






Individual Investor


Private Vehicles


U.S. Mutual Funds


UCITS/Non-UCITS Funds











1 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from daily to quarterly.

2 Frequency of liquidity depends upon the structure and vehicle type available and can range from quarterly to three years or the end of the term of the vehicle.

3 Effective November 2016, the Global Principal strategy was renamed the Special Situations strategy.
















	Login | OCP



































































Oaktree Client Portal Login













Username







*




Password







*







Forgot your password?








If you have any questions or concerns regarding your Oaktree Client Portal login, please contact your regional Client Services team:
> Americas-domiciled clients may email csus@oaktreecapital.com
> Europe and Middle East-domiciled clients may email cslondon@oaktreecapital.com
> Asia Pacific-domiciled clients may email csasia@oaktreecapital.com




















	Global High Yield Bonds
































































Corporate Debt



U.S. High Yield Bonds


Global High Yield Bonds


European High Yield Bonds


U.S. Senior Loans


European Senior Loans


European High Yield Bonds and Senior Loans


Strategic Credit


U.S. Private Debt


European Private Debt


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return



Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate


Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies/ Corporate Debt/ Global High Yield Bonds



Global High Yield Bonds

As a natural extension of our U.S. and European High Yield Bond strategies, Oaktree's Global High Yield Bond strategy targets the most attractive risk/return opportunities we identify across the developed world. The strategy seeks to achieve superior risk-adjusted returns by investing in the lower-rated yet creditworthy performing bonds of North American and European corporations. Our Global High Yield Bond portfolios are co-managed by Sheldon Stone and David Rosenberg, Oaktree's U.S. High Yield Bond co-portfolio managers, and James Turner,  Oaktree’s European High Yield Bond portfolio manager, and benefit from a highly experienced research team.

"Our investment philosophy centers around employing a highly disciplined, credit-intensive research approach to construct a diversified, risk-controlled portfolio," says Mr. Stone. "We believe the avoidance of defaults is the most reliable source of superior performance."

Allocations between North America and Europe are based on an issue-by-issue relative value framework and market technicals. We do not select investments based on anticipated interest rate movements and resulting price fluctuations since we view these events as beyond our ability to predict with sufficient accuracy. In constructing our portfolios, we avoid concentrations by industry or company because, as we see it, thoughtful diversification is one of the most cost-effective means of mitigating the impact of credit problems.


 
Learn more about Oaktree's U.S. Mutual Funds and UCITS Funds.


Click here for information regarding risk disclosures associated with our strategies.









GLOBAL HIGH YIELD BOND TEAM


Sheldon Stone

Co-Portfolio Manager


David Rosenberg

Co-Portfolio Manager


James Turner

Co-Portfolio Manager


See the
complete team






ABOUT THE STRATEGY 



 


Assets Under Management
$4,526 million


 


Location

Los Angeles, London



 


Strategy Inception
1999 (Expanded High Yield Bond product)
            2010 (Global High Yield Bond strategy)






















Oaktree Funds






















About Oaktree
Funds

High Yield Bonds


Resources

Factsheets & Commentary
Prospectus & Reports
Applications


Contact Us




Home
Funds
High Yield Bond Fund
Overview & Performance




Overview & Performance
We seek the best available risk-adjusted return, rather than the best return overall meaning that we focus intently on the value of the securities we buy (and the underlying businesses).
Oaktree High Yield Bond Fund
 




Portfolio Managers
Sheldon Stone, David Rosenberg and James Turner


Benchmark
BofA ML Non-Financial Developed Markets High Yield 2% Constrained






 
Institutional Class
Advisor Class


Inception Date
December 16, 2014
December 16, 2014


Ticker
OHYIX
OHYDX


CUSIP
67401A101
67401A200


Minimum
$1,000,000
$25,000


Gross Expense Ratio
3.97%
4.23%


Net Expense Ratio*
0.95%
1.20%


Daily NAV (7/26/17)
$10.24
$10.25




 
* Oaktree Capital Management L.P., the Fund’s investment adviser has contractually agreed to limit the Fund’s Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses to 0.95% for the Institutional Class and 1.20% for the Advisor Class of the Fund for three years, through February 28, 2018.
 
Daily NAV as of 7/26/2017TickerDailyMTDYTDOHYIX0.10%0.99%4.93%OHYDX0.10%1.08%4.76%




High Yield Bond Team
Sheldon Stone
Co-Portfolio Manager
David Rosenberg
Co-Portfolio Manager
James Turner
Co-Portfolio Manager
See the complete team




 
Monthly Performance as of June 30, 2017


 

 


 

 




 

 


 

 




 

 


Quarterly Performance as of June 30, 2017


 

 


 

 




 

 


 

 




 

 


 
Performance data quoted represents past performance; past performance does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance of the fund may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Short term performance, in particular, is not a good indication of the Fund's future performance, and an investment should not be made based solely on returns.

See portfolio characteristics
« Return to the High Yield Bond page













(855) OAK-FUND
mutualfunds@oaktreecapital.com
Contact Us







© 2015-2016 All Rights Reserved.





















 













 





Select Fund Market (Disclaimer) | fundinfo.com - your source for global fund information
                














                                                    Login
                                                

                                                    Register
                                                

                                                    Fund Market
                                                


                                                en
                                            
                                                de
                                            
                                                fr
                                            
                                                it
                                            
                                                es
                                            
                                                繁體
                                            
                                                简体
                                            






                                                        Home
                                                    

                                                        Member
                                                    

                                                        MyFunds
                                                    

                                                        Videos
                                                    

                                                        Legal
                                                    
About


SearchAdvanced Search



Your browser does not accept cookies. Please enable cookies to use all site features.
Select Fund Market (Disclaimer)



                Please select your investor profile and your country of domicile and acknowledge that you have read and understood the disclaimer.
            



Austria


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Belgium


Professional Investor


Private Investor




France


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Germany


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Hong Kong


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Ireland


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Italy


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Liechtenstein


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Luxembourg


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Netherlands


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Portugal


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Singapore


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Spain


Professional Investor


Private Investor




Switzerland


Professional Investor


Private Investor




United Kingdom


Professional Investor


Private Investor





Confirm selection *

* I hereby confirm that I have read and accept the Disclaimer and terms and conditions of use as well as the Privacy Policy of fundinfo.com.





 
                                     
                                    
                                 
                            

                                fundinfo AG, Staffelstrasse 12, 8045 Zürich, Tel: +41 44 286 91 00, info@fundinfo.com
                                |
                                Help
                                |
                                User Guide
                                |
                                Glossary


paperboy
                                |
                                datahub
                                |
                                trendscout
                                |
                                etfinfo
                                |
                                openfunds










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund (PRHYX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				High Yield Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRHYX
			
		


Fund Status:

Closed to new Retail investors
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments






			
				
				
				Closed to new Retail Investors as of April 27, 2012 at 4pm EST
				
				
				
			
			




 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$6.81
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.67%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$6.51
							
							-
							
								$6.81
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$9,521.22

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the High Yield Fund among 
590,
590,
474
and 
317
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks high current income and, secondarily, capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.52%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.72%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					11.97%
				
			

				
					11.97%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.80%
				
			

				
					3.80%
				
			


5 Years

				
					6.78%
				
			

				
					6.78%
				
			


10 Years

				
					6.93%
				
			

				
					6.93%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.33%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.33%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 31, 1984
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.75%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The High Yield Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:34:00 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Actively Prepared for Rising Rates















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home






Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email















Actively Prepared for Rising Rates








While many said they believed rates would eventually head upwards, not all managers were as proactive as Dr. Hasenstab about positioning their portfolios for the shift. Hear his thoughts on the impact government policy could have on inflation, economic growth and interest rates moving forward.






Average Annual Total ReturnsPeriods Ended June 30, 2017



 Year-to-Date Total Returns1-Year5-Year10-YearSince InceptionExpense Ratios (Net/Gross)



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class (TGBAX)
2.29%
10.42%
3.82%
6.58%
7.69% (9/18/86)
0.68%/0.74%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class (TTRZX)
3.55%
11.76%
4.64%
–––
8.28% (9/30/08)
0.83%/0.86%


Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index1
2.27%
-0.31%
2.21%
4.48%
–––
–––


Citigroup World Government Bond Index1
4.49%
-4.14%
-0.20%
3.49%
–––
–––


Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index1
4.58%
-1.38%
1.05%
3.85%
–––
–––



30-Day Standardized YieldsAs of June 30, 2017



 With Waiver / Without Waiver



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class
5.22%/5.16%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class
5.70%/5.64%




Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. The fund’s investment return and principal value will change with market conditions, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Please call Franklin Templeton at (800) DIAL BEN/(800) 342-5236 or visit franklintempleton.com for the most recent month-end performance.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees.










ABOUT THE FUNDS







Templeton Global Bond Fund






Templeton Global Total Return Fund













GAIN FROM OUR PERSPECTIVEDr. Michael Hasenstab in India
A Bright Spot Amongst Emerging Markets

A Record of Impressive Returns

This flyer illustrates how Templeton Global Bond Fund has withstood the test of time and achieved compelling performance over a 30-year time period.

The Value of Active – 1,681 Basis Points

See how Templeton Global Bond Fund’s distinctly different portfolio has led to near- and long-term outperformance relative to its passive benchmark and peer group.

Straight Talk on Templeton Global Bond Fund

This brochure is designed to help strengthen your understanding of the fund, its strategy and the current outlook of the Templeton Global Macro team. 

Global Macro Shifts – TRADE AND TAXES IN A WORLD WITH BORDERS

Templeton Global Macro, led by Dr. Michael Hasenstab, examines potential US corporate tax reform and the possible impacts of a border adjustment tax.








DR. HASENSTAB IN THE NEWSThe New York Times
The Lessons from Argentina

Bloomberg
All Roads Lead to Rio as Haven from Populists

The Wall Street Journal
10-Year Treasury Yield’s Surge Vindicates Bond Bears








This video is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, market, industry, security or fund. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of February 6, 2017, and may change without notice. A portfolio manager’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy; it is intended only to provide insight into the fund’s portfolio selection process. Holdings are subject to change. The value of investments can go down as well as up, and investors may not get back the full amount invested.
1. Source: FactSet Research, Morningstar. March 31, 2017. Indexes are unmanaged, and one cannot invest directly in an index. They do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges. Important data provider notices and terms are available at www.franklintempletondatasources.com.
The funds have a fee waiver associated with any investment they make in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through April 30, 2018. Fund investment results reflect the fee waiver; without this waiver, the results would have been lower.
The funds’ 30-day standardized yields are calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. The yields may not equal the funds’ actual income distribution rates, which reflects the funds’ past dividends paid to shareholders.
The funds offer multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Visit the fund information page for performance and fee details for other share classes: Templeton Global Bond Fund / Templeton Global Total Return Fund.
Effective 1/1/97, Templeton Global Bond Fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a market-capitalization weighted index representing the U.S. investment-grade fixed rate taxable bond market.
Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market capitalization weighted index consisting of investment-grade world government bond markets.
Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index provides a broad-based measure of the global fixed-income bond market. The index represents the union of the Global Aggregate Index and the Global High-Yield Index and captures investment-grade and high-yield securities in all eligible currencies.
What are the risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Templeton Global Bond Fund
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic and political uncertainties. Investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size and lesser liquidity. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio and its share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. The fund is also non-diversified, which involves the risk of greater price fluctuation than a more diversified portfolio. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value.
Templeton Global Total Return Fund
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations (which may be significant over the short term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the funds' prospectus.
For more information on any funds, contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





2017 Global Investment Outlook | Franklin Templeton Investments
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Uncharted Terrain:  Today’s Global Market Drivers
2017 Global Investment Outlook – June Update










Improving global economic indicators are supporting markets that have been flirting with all-time highs. Against a backdrop of historically low volatility and uncertain geopolitical risks, US and other global equity markets have many wondering whether this upward trend can continue. Franklin Templeton’s investment leaders discuss where they see opportunities and risks.















Economic Policy Shifts in the Developed Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Our global macro CIO shares his view on the next likely policy shifts in major developed markets.







US Fixed Income: Risk and the Current Rate Environment
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Could the US credit sector be facing a near-term correction? Our fixed income expert weighs in.







The Undercurrent in Today’s Emerging Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017Our head of equities explains what’s driving economic growth in emerging markets and how those factors may impact investors.







Actively Navigating Asset Correlations and Dispersions
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 How might investors position their portfolios for today’s markets? Gain perspective from our multi-asset solutions expert.







Global Investment Outlook – Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Watch the complete video, including additional content covering emerging markets prospects and risks, global fixed-income opportunities, and US fixed-income valuations.


Meet the Panel







Edward D. Perks, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Multi-Asset Solutions








Christopher J. Molumphy, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group










Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Chief Investment Officer, Templeton Global Macro








Stephen H. Dover, CFA

Head of Equities

















Related Content








Read key insights from our investment leaders: Topic Paper (PDF) Blog (Web)










Download the audio file of the complete interview (MP3)











RESOURCES







Blog: Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers






Blog: UK Election Result: Grounds for Optimism in the Medium Term?






Blog: Theresa May’s Shock Defeat Threatens Further Volatility






Global Macro Shifts: Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism













PREVIOUS EDITION (March 2017)







Topic Paper (PDF)






Audio (MP3)













What Are the Risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds adjust to a rise in interest rates, the share price may decline. Investments in foreign securities involve special risks including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging market countries involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Such investments could experience significant price volatility in any given year. High yields reflect the higher credit risk associated with these lower-rated securities and, in some cases, the lower market prices for these instruments. Interest rate movements may affect the share price and yield. Stock prices fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and dramatically, due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or sectors, or general market conditions. Treasuries, if held to maturity, offer a fixed rate of return and fixed principal value; their interest payments and principal are guaranteed.
Important Legal Information
The information provided is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, region, or market. Comments, opinions and analyses contained herein are those of the speaker and are for informational purposes only. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of March 15, 2017, and may change without notice. The analysis and opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas, portfolio managers or investment management teams at Franklin Templeton Investments. Opinions are intended to provide insight on macroeconomic issues and commentary is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy.
For US Residents Only
NOT FDIC INSURED ∗ MAY LOSE VALUE ∗ NO BANK GUARANTEE






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Global Macro Shifts
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        Global Macro Shifts
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Global Macro Shifts











WHAT IS GLOBAL MACRO SHIFTS?


Global Macro Shifts is a research-based briefing on global economies featuring the analysis and views of Dr. Michael Hasenstab and senior members of Templeton Global Macro.



Latest edition



Trade and Taxes in a World with Borders
US policy continues to be an important topic for investors throughout the world. Recently, the potential for US corporate tax reform and a border adjustment tax (BAT) stirred debate not only within the US government but also among global investors. Templeton Global Macro examines how a BAT would work, its likely effect on prices and exchange rates, its implications for the longer-term macroeconomic outlook, its impact on different domestic sectors and trade flows, and the potential ramifications for international trade relations.​
Read More






Other editions








January 2017

Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism









June 2016

Emerging Markets: Mapping the Opportunities









February 2016

Inflation: dead, or just forgotten?









November 2015

Japan: The quest for growth and inflation









July 2015

China: Searching for a New Equilibrium









February 2015

Headwinds or Tailwinds?








   
                                LOAD MORE
                            







Meet the Team







Dr. Hasenstab and his team manage Templeton's global bond strategies, including unconstrained fixed income, currency and global macro. This economic team, trained in some of the leading universities in the world, integrates global macroeconomic analysis with in-depth country research to help identify long-term imbalances that translate to investment opportunities.







Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Chief Investment Officer
Templeton Global Macro








Sonal Desai, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Templeton Global Macro










Hyung C. Shin, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Attila Korpos, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Calvin Ho, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Diego Valderrama, Ph.D.

Senior Global Macro & Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Shlomi Kramer, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro

















You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 


 
























Finding Income in a Low-Rate World | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Investment Insights





















             January 2017 
           

Finding Income in a Low-Rate World













“Even in a very low interest rate environment, we are able to find companies that can offer significant dividend yields and have some potential for capital appreciation.”
— Joyce Gordon









Joyce E. Gordon
Portfolio Manager
Los Angeles office 36 years of experience (as of 12/31/16) 
            








Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.
*Weekly CD rates analysis as of November 30, 2016, Bankrate.com. Five-year daily treasury yield curve as of November 30, 2016, U.S. Department of the Treasury.









Rates Aren’t What They Used to Be












 2000 






 2008 






 2017 



















5.43% U.S. Federal Funds Rate











4.11% U.S. Federal Funds Rate











0.66% U.S. Federal Funds Rate












 Source: Federal Reserve. Rates as of first business day of each year.


















 Rates Could Stay Lower for Longer  In the past, extended periods of low rates have been common  





    





Sources: Federal Reserve, Robert Shiller, Thomson Reuters Datastream. Data for 1876–1961 represents average monthly U.S. long-term government bond yields compiled by Robert Shiller. Data for 1962–2015 represents 10–year Treasury yields, as of December 31 each year within the period. Data for 2016 is as of September 30.










Four Ways to Pursue Income




















Municipal bonds These bonds are issued by local and state governments to raise money for building schools, highways and other public projects. 
Income & risk considerations:  Municipal bonds tend to be lower risk with less potential for income. Tax advantages can make them attractive to investors though, particularly those investors in higher tax brackets.











Investment-grade bonds These bonds are issued by governments, agencies and companies to help them finance their operations.
Income & risk considerations: Investment-grade bonds typically involve low-to-medium risk. Offerings are diverse, with issues that include U.S. Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities, inflation-protected bonds and a wide variety of corporate bonds.

















High-yield bonds Also known as “junk bonds,” these are typically issued by companies that may not have a proven history or are facing financial difficulty. 
Income & risk considerations:  Riskier than other bonds, these investments have the potential for higher yields. Volatility of high-yield bond funds can approach that of stocks, however. 











Dividend-paying stocks Dividends are a way for companies to share earnings with their investors. They’re typically issued by mature companies with steady earnings. 
Income & risk considerations:  Stocks involve the greatest amount of risk and volatility, but they also provide the greatest potential for yield.















Maintaining Your Balance







The average investor needs a mix of stocks and bonds to help balance risk and reward. One way to achieve this balance is through mutual funds. 
“Even in a very low interest rate environment, we are able to find companies that can offer significant dividend yields and have some potential for capital appreciation,” says American Funds portfolio manager Joyce Gordon. “Sectors such as utilities, tobacco, telecom and consumer staples have provided above-average and — in many cases — growing dividends. There are many companies in other industries that should do well in a rising rate environment. A diversified portfolio of these investments can help produce income without taking too much risk.”



You might also like: 
2017 Outlook















Print








Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. 












































Closex
 


















 
























Dividends & Income | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Dividends & Income














 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2017  |  FEATURING Joyce E. Gordon 
 Finding Income in a Low-Rate World  





     






Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.

Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Fixed Income 3.0: How to Approach Bond Portfolios in a Post-Post-Crisis World  





     






It has been eight years since the global financial crisis, but in many ways, the impact is still being felt today — in lackluster economic growth around the world, in negative interest rates in several major economies, and in muted inflationary pressures. In order to build sustainable bond portfolios in today’s environment, it is important to understand how we got here, the structural changes in the global  economy and financial markets that have resulted from the crisis, and the challenges ahead that still need to be addressed.  

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Is Aggressive Central Bank Intervention Working?  





     






Quantitative Easing on Turbocharge in Major Economies
In response to the global financial crisis and the muted growth that persists years later, central banks across the globe have aggressively expanded their balance sheets using a range of both traditional and unconventional policy tools. As of the end of June, the combined balance sheets of the U.S. Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of  Japan totaled over $12.1 trillion — a  283% increase since June 2007. Never before have the balance sheets of the central banks of these major economies  been so inflated. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 How to Invest in the Post-Post-Crisis  





     






U.S. Economy: Not an Environment for Aggressive Monetary Policy Tightening
It’s been said, and feared, for years that U.S. interest rates will quickly rise once the Federal Reserve starts to reverse course, resulting in declines in the prices of fixed income securities. Since the infamous “Taper Tantrum” in mid-2013, the Federal Reserve has been carefully trying to step away from the unprecedented easy money policy it has employed since the financial crisis. Yet, the power of the U.S. to  act in isolation has diminished over the past decade. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING John R. Queen , Gregory D. Johnson & Hilda L. Applbaum 
 American Balanced Fund: Balancing Risk and Reward in Volatile Markets   





     






In recent years, many investors have turned to balanced funds to navigate a challenging market environment. Although the U.S. remains a bright spot in global financial markets, low bond yields have made income generation more difficult while equities on the whole appear fully valued following a sharp run-up since the financial crisis. Managers of balanced funds can more nimbly explore evolving opportunity sets using both allocation and security selection. In this Q&A, three portfolio managers with American Balanced Fund® discuss their investment approach in the current environment 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  December 2015 
 Fed Rate Decision: Liftoff at Last, but No Cause for Panic  










    











The Federal Reserve has increased interest rates, as it appears confident about the U.S. labor market recovery, domestic inflation expectations and gradual economic recovery outside the U.S.
While the Fed has not laid out its precise path for normalization, it has stressed a careful approach to increasing rates, which may imply that this tightening cycle will be slower than past ones.
Although some areas of the bond market may lag in a rising rate environment, the income investors earn from bonds should benefit from higher yields going forward.
The impact on equities is more mixed, with some sectors benefitting as the economy continues to strengthen and others facing a headwind from higher financing costs. 


Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  November 2015 
 Slower Path to Higher Interest Rates  



 Lower for Longer  U.S. interest rates have remained low for extended periods at several junctures in U.S. history  


     



Source: Thomson Reuters Datastream. As of September 30, 2015.








The key question facing U.S. monetary policy is not whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year or next, but how far it can go given mixed economic conditions in the U.S. and intensifying financial pressures around the world.
Many are questioning whether the U.S. economy is strong enough to absorb a meaningful rise in rates — even 100 basis points — over the next couple of years, especially against the backdrop of weakness in Europe and emerging markets.
In the U.S., low inflation, slowing job growth and a strong dollar are the crucial factors that should prompt the central bank to move slower than market expectations.
Overall, we expect U.S. interest rates to remain suppressed for the foreseeable future, especially against the backdrop of cautious and measured Fed policy. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 

























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 Why Own Bonds in a Rising Rate Environment?  





  






A portfolio manager discusses reasons to own bonds in a rising rate environment in the context of investor objective.




 Watch Video (1:36)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 MARKET COMMENTARY   |  September 2015 
 Fed Rate Decision: Near-Zero For Now, But Higher Soon?  












The Federal Reserve has decided to keep interest rates close to zero, as concern about global economic conditions cast a shadow over an otherwise fairly bright outlook for the U.S. economy.
Looking forward, the Fed is expected to raise rates gradually, and an increase of 0.25%, for example, would be unlikely to have a significant impact on the economy.
Over time, higher interest rates can be beneficial for bond investors, enabling reinvestment in issues offering higher yields.
Rising rates have a varied impact on stocks. Selective investors who emphasize company-specific research should continue to find attractive longer term income and return opportunities. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2015  |  FEATURING Stephen Green & Andrew H. Dougherty 
 The China Syndrome: Meltdown or Recovery Ahead?  



 The Rise and Fall of China’s Stock Market 


     



A powerful rally in Chinese stocks — and a subsequent sharp decline — were driven primarily by government statements and policy measures, including a series of interest rate cuts. China’s central bank cut rates again in late August and eased reserve requirements on banks. 
Source: Wind Financial 







A sharp selloff in China’s stock market, a surprise currency devaluation and a persistent slowdown in economic activity have raised doubts about the ability of the world’s second-largest economy to maintain the hypergrowth levels of the past two decades.
Against this backdrop, economist Stephen Green and China affairs specialist Andrew Dougherty discuss:

The outlook for China’s economy, which remains generally positive over the long term
The origins and potential implications of China’s stock market correction
Segments of the economy that are poised for growth despite an overall slowdown in activity
China’s uneasy shift toward a market-based foreign exchange regime 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  August 2015  |  FEATURING Hilda L. Applbaum 
 Who Wins in a Rising Rate Environment?  



 In a Low-Yield Environment, Income Stocks Remain in Demand 


     



Heading into the sixth year of an equity bull market, U.S. stocks appear expensive in most sectors. Valuations for traditional dividend-paying sectors, including basic materials, consumer staples and utilities, are high both on a relative and an absolute basis. A notable exception is the telecommunications sector, which hasn’t benefited quite as much from the global search for yield. Source: FactSet. As of 5/29/15.







Portfolio manager Hilda Applbaum discusses income investing
With central banks around the world aggressively suppressing interest rates, the challenge of finding reliable income-producing investments has never been greater. Few investors are more familiar with this dilemma than portfolio manager Hilda Applbaum, the principal investment officer of The Income Fund of America®. In this conversation, Hilda shares her perspective on:

Income-oriented investing in a market where the prospect of higher rates looms large
The emerging role of information technology companies as high-quality dividend payers
The sustainability of corporate profits and expectations for P/E expansion
Finding income opportunities in an aging bull market 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               July 2015 
               |  FEATURING Gerald Du Manoir & Matt Miller 
            

 Evolving Japan Now Offers Intriguing Opportunities  





  






A portfolio manager discusses the recent evolution among some Japanese companies toward a more shareholder-friendly management strategy.




 Watch Video (3:53)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 International 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  Thu Feb 05 17:24:39 PST 2015 
 Oil Price Declines Could Have Far-Reaching Effects  



 It Isn’t Just Shale: Oil Production Growth Is a Global Phenomenon 


     



While U.S. shale has certainly contributed to a steady rise in global supply, non-OPEC supply growth has also been robust in the face of increasing production from Saudi Arabia.
Annual World Oil Production, 1980–2014
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration. Data for OPEC, Saudia Arabia and World production as of September 30, 2014. Data for U.S. production as of December 16, 2013. U.S. figures for 2013 and 2014 are forecasts.









Analysts and Portfolio Managers Weigh Valuations Amid Ongoing Volatility
In 2014, oil prices posted their largest annual decline since the global financial crisis, losing more than 45% as weaker demand and strong global crude output created a supply glut. The collapse saw prices at a five–year low, battering energy shares — which finished 2014 nearly 13% lower — and weighing heavily on financial markets in oil–exporting countries. In our view:

Oil prices could continue to remain low — and may even continue to decline — before supply–demand imbalances are corrected.
Some oil companies have begun to show signs of better capital discipline, but many have room to improve.
Despite lower prices in the near term, demand fundamentals over the longer term should remain supportive of higher oil prices.
Market declines may provide some attractive entry points for investors. 


Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Global 
 United States 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2015  |  FEATURING Frank C. Hu 
 An Analyst’s Perspective: Do Low Oil Prices Put Dividends in Jeopardy?  



 Oil Companies Have Been a Healthy Source of Dividends Globally 


     



In 2014, the oil industry was the second-largest payer of dividends after financials, contributing 13% of the dividends paid by companies in the MSCI All Country World Index. Royal Dutch Shell and Exxon Mobil were among the largest dividend payers of all index constituents.
Source: FactSet, as of December 31, 2014.
* Figures may not total 100% due to rounding. 







Market declines may provide some attractive entry points for investors.


Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Global 
 United States 
 






































Categories




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 










Featured Topics




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 





































Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. 
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. 
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses. 


Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus. 
The Capital Group companies manage equity assets through three investment groups. These groups make investment and proxy voting decisions independently. Fixed income investment professionals provide fixed income research and investment management across the Capital organization; however, for securities with equity characteristics, they act solely on behalf of one of the three equity investment groups. 
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Capital Group or its affiliates. This information is intended to highlight issues and not to be comprehensive or to provide advice. 
Past results are not predictive of results in future periods.










































Closex
 


















 
























Taxable Bonds | American Funds


















































       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Taxable Bonds














 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  January 2017  |  FEATURING Joyce E. Gordon 
 Finding Income in a Low-Rate World  





     






Historically low interest rates have put a damper on income for many investors. CDs, Treasury notes and other guaranteed investments, while once a source of modest income, have lagged over the years. For example, the typical five-year CD interest rate is 0.82%, and the five-year daily treasury yield curve rate is 1.83%.* That means many investors have had to adjust their expectations or look to other, more risky, investments to help them pursue income.

Continue reading...















Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Fixed Income 3.0: How to Approach Bond Portfolios in a Post-Post-Crisis World  





     






It has been eight years since the global financial crisis, but in many ways, the impact is still being felt today — in lackluster economic growth around the world, in negative interest rates in several major economies, and in muted inflationary pressures. In order to build sustainable bond portfolios in today’s environment, it is important to understand how we got here, the structural changes in the global  economy and financial markets that have resulted from the crisis, and the challenges ahead that still need to be addressed.  

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 Is Aggressive Central Bank Intervention Working?  





     






Quantitative Easing on Turbocharge in Major Economies
In response to the global financial crisis and the muted growth that persists years later, central banks across the globe have aggressively expanded their balance sheets using a range of both traditional and unconventional policy tools. As of the end of June, the combined balance sheets of the U.S. Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of  Japan totaled over $12.1 trillion — a  283% increase since June 2007. Never before have the balance sheets of the central banks of these major economies  been so inflated. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING Margaret H. Steinbach , Mike Gitlin & David A. Hoag 
 How to Invest in the Post-Post-Crisis  





     






U.S. Economy: Not an Environment for Aggressive Monetary Policy Tightening
It’s been said, and feared, for years that U.S. interest rates will quickly rise once the Federal Reserve starts to reverse course, resulting in declines in the prices of fixed income securities. Since the infamous “Taper Tantrum” in mid-2013, the Federal Reserve has been carefully trying to step away from the unprecedented easy money policy it has employed since the financial crisis. Yet, the power of the U.S. to  act in isolation has diminished over the past decade. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  September 2016  |  FEATURING John R. Queen , Gregory D. Johnson & Hilda L. Applbaum 
 American Balanced Fund: Balancing Risk and Reward in Volatile Markets   





     






In recent years, many investors have turned to balanced funds to navigate a challenging market environment. Although the U.S. remains a bright spot in global financial markets, low bond yields have made income generation more difficult while equities on the whole appear fully valued following a sharp run-up since the financial crisis. Managers of balanced funds can more nimbly explore evolving opportunity sets using both allocation and security selection. In this Q&A, three portfolio managers with American Balanced Fund® discuss their investment approach in the current environment 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 





















 INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  Wed Jun 22 03:11:00 PDT 2016  |  FEATURING Robert H. Neithart 
 Uncovering Value in Emerging Markets Bonds Amid Political Change and Uneven Growth  





     






Emerging markets bonds have notched big gains in 2016, despite political turmoil and economic setbacks. Though it is difficult to definitively say that the market has turned for the better, portfolio manager Rob Neithart says there are good reasons for investors to feel positive. The yield advantage of emerging markets over developed markets is hard to ignore, and in some cases valuations are as attractive as they’ve been in years. 

Continue reading...




Download











Related Topics




 Emerging Markets 
 Taxable Bonds 
 

























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               January 2016 
               |  FEATURING Kevin G. Clifford & John H. Smet 
            

 Fixed-Income Themes for ’16: Inflation, Quality  





  






American Funds portfolio manager John Smet discusses areas of opportunity he sees for fixed-income investors looking ahead into 2016. 




 Watch Video (2:18)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Emerging Markets 
 Taxable Bonds 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               December 2015 
               |  FEATURING Kevin G. Clifford & John H. Smet 
            

 Fed Set to Hike Rates but Stay Lower for Longer  





  






Fixed-income portfolio manager John Smet discusses the economic conditions underlying the Fed’s anticipated interest rate hike and offers a likely trajectory for future increases.




 Watch Video (2:34)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 What a Rate Hike Can Mean for Long-Term Yields  





  






A portfolio manager discusses why interest rates have remained low in the U.S. and what to expect from yields when rates do rise.




 Watch Video (2:08)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Global 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 























INVESTMENT INSIGHTS   |  
             
               November 2015 
               |  FEATURING Wesley K.-S. Phoa 
            

 Why Own Bonds in a Rising Rate Environment?  





  






A portfolio manager discusses reasons to own bonds in a rising rate environment in the context of investor objective.




 Watch Video (1:36)  



Transcript










Related Topics




 Dividends & Income 
 Taxable Bonds 
 






































Categories




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 










Featured Topics




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 





































Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. 
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. 
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses. 


Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus. 
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Capital Group or its affiliates. This information is intended to highlight issues and not to be comprehensive or to provide advice. 










































Closex
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











WisdomTree Rising Rates ETFs









































































The low interest rates of the past several years may be on the cusp of a directional shift. As many prepare for a rising-rate environment, WisdomTree's ETFs may help investors reduce exposure to interest rate risk while preserving coverage and income potential: WisdomTree Barclays Interest Rate Hedged U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGZD), WisdomTree Barclays Negative Duration U.S. Aggregate Bond Fund (AGND), WisdomTree Interest Rate Hedged High Yield Bond Fund (HYZD). WisdomTree Negative Duration High Yield Bond Fund (HYND), WisdomTree Bloomberg Floating Rate Treasury Fund (USFR).


















































Highlighted fields are required to register.


Account Type:






                                                    Individual Investor
                                                    
                                                    Financial Professional 
















Email:






Company Name:



First Name:



Last Name:



Password:



Confirm Password:



Country:

United States
                                                    
                                                    


State:

Select State:
                                                    
                                                    Alabama
                                                    
                                                    Alaska
                                                    
                                                    Arizona
                                                    
                                                    Arkansas
                                                    
                                                    California
                                                    
                                                    Colorado
                                                    
                                                    Connecticut
                                                    
                                                    Delaware
                                                    
                                                    District of Columbia
                                                    
                                                    Florida
                                                    
                                                    Georgia
                                                    
                                                    Hawaii
                                                    
                                                    Idaho
                                                    
                                                    Illinois
                                                    
                                                    Indiana
                                                    
                                                    Iowa
                                                    
                                                    Kansas
                                                    
                                                    Kentucky
                                                    
                                                    Louisiana
                                                    
                                                    Maine
                                                    
                                                    Maryland
                                                    
                                                    Massachusetts
                                                    
                                                    Michigan
                                                    
                                                    Minnesota
                                                    
                                                    Mississippi
                                                    
                                                    Missouri
                                                    
                                                    Montana
                                                    
                                                    Nebraska
                                                    
                                                    Nevada
                                                    
                                                    New Hampshire
                                                    
                                                    New Jersey
                                                    
                                                    New Mexico
                                                    
                                                    New York
                                                    
                                                    North Carolina
                                                    
                                                    North Dakota
                                                    
                                                    Ohio
                                                    
                                                    Oklahoma
                                                    
                                                    Oregon
                                                    
                                                    Pennsylvania
                                                    
                                                    Rhode Island
                                                    
                                                    South Carolina
                                                    
                                                    South Dakota
                                                    
                                                    Tennessee
                                                    
                                                    Texas
                                                    
                                                    Utah
                                                    
                                                    Vermont
                                                    
                                                    Virginia
                                                    
                                                    Washington
                                                    
                                                    West Virginia
                                                    
                                                    Wisconsin
                                                    
                                                    Wyoming
                                                    
                                                    Other
                                                    
                                                    



By submitting below you certify that you have read and agree to our privacy policy.














                                                    Already Registered? Access the Case for
                                                    AGZD,
                                                    
                                                    AGND,
                                                    HYND and
                                                    HYZD



































                                    You cannot invest directly in an Index.

This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus, click here to view or download prospectus. We advise you to consider the fund's objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information about the fund. Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest.

                                    There are risks associated with investing, including possible loss of principal. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk; their value will normally decline as interest rates rise. The Fund seeks to mitigate interest rate risk by taking short positions in U.S. Treasuries, but there is no guarantee this will be achieved. Derivative investments can be volatile and these investments may be less liquid than other securities, and more sensitive to the effects of varied economic conditions.

                                    Fixed income investments are also subject to credit risk, the risk that the issuer of a bond will fail to pay interest and principal in a timely manner, or that negative perceptions of the issuer's ability to make such payments will cause the price of that bond to decline. The Funds may engage in “short sale” transactions of U.S. Treasuries where losses may be exaggerated, potentially losing more money than the actual cost of the investment and the third party to the short sale may fail to honor its contract terms, causing a loss to the Funds. While the Funds attempt to limit credit and counterparty exposure, the value of an investment in the Funds may change quickly and without warning in response to issuer or counterparty defaults and changes in the credit ratings of the Funds’ portfolio investments. Investing in mortgage- and asset-backed securities involves interest rate, credit, valuation, extension and liquidity risks and the risk that payments on the underlying assets are delayed, prepaid, subordinated or defaulted on. 

                                    Securities with floating rates can be less sensitive to interest rate changes than securities with fixed interest rates, but may decline in value. The issuance of floating rate notes by the U.S. Treasury is new and the amount of supply will be limited.  Fixed income securities will normally decline in value as interest rates rise.  The value of an investment in the Fund may change quickly and without warning in response to issuer or counterparty defaults and changes in the credit ratings of the Fund’s portfolio investments. Due to the investment strategy of certain Funds’ they may make higher capital gain distributions than other ETFs. Please read the Funds’ prospectus for specific details regarding the Funds’ risk profile.






WisdomTree Funds are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC, in the U.S. only. Foreside Fund Services is not affiliated with the other entities mentioned.

 





































	VanEck Vectors Fallen Angel High Yield Bond ETF (ANGL)- VanEck










Menu



Contact
































United States
Australia
Austria
Chile
Denmark
Finland
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Rest of World








Corporate Home




                                United States
                            




Contact Us



                            Search
                        





























Home
         » VanEck Vectors ANGL
        
Email
Print

























































  






















Morningstar Ratings3 as of 6/30/17 



Category 
Overall  

High Yield Bond

 
              5 stars of 590 Funds    
  


This Fallen Angel ETF Really a Rising Star
Read why ETF.com thinks ANGL "stands out in a crowded segment of high-yield ETFs."

 
  

ETFs Blog

Fallen Angel Market Compressed Along with Spreads 

Fallen Angels: When Higher Credit Quality Matters 

Fallen Angels Close 2016 on Cloud Nine 


What Are Fallen Angels?
Fallen angels are corporate high yield bonds that were originally issued with investment grade credit ratings. 

ANGL Highlights



Ticker

ANGL  

Index Ticker
H0FA 

ANGL Fact Sheet

View PDF  

ANGL Profile

View PDF  

Fallen Angel Value Proposition

View PDF  

Inception Date
04/10/2012 

Gross Expenses
0.65% 

Net Expenses
0.35% 

Exchange
NYSE Arca   
Expenses are capped contractually
until 9/1/2017. Cap excludes 
certain expenses, such as interest.
  

Learn More
About how fallen angels can strategically fit into your portfolio.
Schedule a one-on-one call
  




















Higher Quality High Yield*
Fallen angel bonds have historically outperformed the broad high yield corporate bond market and the average high yield bond fund manager.


Source: FactSet. Data as of June 30, 2017. Past performance is no guarantee of future performance. Index performance is not illustrative of fund performance. See important disclosures below. 

Not All High Yield Bonds are Created Equal
Fallen angels, high yield bonds originally issued as investment grade, are a subset of the high yield bond universe.1 Relative to the broad high yield bond market, fallen angels have had: 


Historically higher concentrations of BB-rated bonds
Outperformance with higher risk-adjusted returns  

Potential to Capture Embedded Value
Fallen angel high yield bond outperformance can be attributed to an embedded value proposition that is not common to the original-issue high yield bond market.
Historically, fallen angels: 


Tend to be issued by larger, more established companies
Have a higher rate of upgrades to investment grade2 
Offer a contrarian approach to invest in bonds exposed to heavy selling  

Fallen Angel Bonds as an Investment 






















  















 












Fran Rodilosso,
Head of Fixed Income ETF Portfolio Management         
     
 
 








































  
























Contact UsPrivacyLegalFeedbackSitemap












©  Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The  information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar; (2) may not be  copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or  timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any  damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is  no guarantee of future results.
On June 30, 2017 ANGL received a five star Morningstar rating on a three year and overall basis among 590 funds in the high yield bond category. For each fund with at least a three-year history,  Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating based on a Morningstar  Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly  performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads, and redemption  fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent  performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the  next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5%  receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted  as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may  cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall  Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the  performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if  applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. 
                                          
∗, 1         Historically higher average credit quality and risk-adjusted returns than the broad high yield bond universe, when comparing BofA Merrill Lynch US Fallen Angel High Yield Index and BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Index.  BofA Merrill Lynch composite ratings are simple averages of ratings from Moody’s, S&P, and Fitch and are not intended to be a credit opinion. Risk-adjusted returns are measured by Sharpe ratio, which is a statistical measure of the excess return of a portfolio over a risk-free rate of return (as found with a U.S. Treasury security) per unit of the portfolio’s standard deviation of returns.
                                                                              
        2Source:  BofA Merrill Lynch.  Data as of 06/30/2017.  Based on average ascension rates to investment  grade since 12/31/2003.                                 
        3 Morningstar Ratings : If applicable, when the ETF is rated three stars or more for any given period. ©Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  
                                             
RISK CONSIDERATIONS: An investment in the Fund may be subject to risk which include, among others, credit risk, call risk, and interest rate risk, all of which may adversely affect the Fund. High yield bonds may be subject to greater risk of loss of income and principal and are likely to be more sensitive to adverse economic changes than higher rated securities. International investing involves additional risks which include greater market volatility, the availability of less reliable financial information, higher transactional and custody costs, taxation by foreign governments, decreased market liquidity and political instability. The Fund’s assets may be concentrated in a particular sector and may be subject to more risk than investments in a diverse group of sectors.
Important Disclosures 
  Index performance is not illustrative of fund performance.  Fund performance current to the most recent month end is available by visiting          
        www.vaneck.com/etfs.  Historical performance is not indicative of future results; current data may differ from data quoted.  Indexes are unmanaged and are not securities in which an investment can be made. 
BofA Merrill Lynch US Fallen Angel High Yield Index (H0FA) is a subset of the BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Index including securities that were rated investment grade at time of issuance.
BofA Merrill Lynch US High Yield Index (H0A0) is comprised of below-investment grade corporate bonds (based on an average of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch) denominated in U.S. dollars.  The country of risk of qualifying issuers must be an FX-G10 member, a Western European nation, or a territory of the U.S. or a Western European nation.
Bloomberg Barclays US High Yield Very Liquid Index is the market of USD-denominated, non-investment grade, fixed-rate, taxable corporate bonds. Qualifying issues must have been issued within the past three years, have a USD 600 million minimum amount outstanding and include only the largest issue from each issuer. 
Morningstar High-Yield Bond Average category is comprised of open-end mutual funds with an investment objective to seek returns via significant exposure to low quality bonds, those that are either unrated or rated by a major agency as BB or lower.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and its affiliates ("BofA Merrill Lynch") indices and related information, the name "BofA Merrill Lynch", and related trademarks, are intellectual property licensed from BofA Merrill Lynch, and may not be copied, used, or distributed without BofA Merrill Lynch's prior written approval. The licensee's products have not been passed on as to their legality or suitability, and are not regulated, issued, endorsed, sold, guaranteed, or promoted by BofA Merrill Lynch. BOFA MERRILL LYNCH MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND BEARS NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INDICES, ANY RELATED INFORMATION, ITS TRADEMARKS, OR THE PRODUCT(S) (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THEIR QUALITY, ACCURACY, SUITABILITY AND/OR COMPLETENESS). 
Performance and characteristics of the BofA Merrill Lynch US Fallen Angel High Yield Index (H0FA) are quoted throughout this material. H0FA  is representative of the entire Fallen Angels high yield corporate bond market. H0FA does not represent the performance or yield of the Fund. 
Fund shares are not individually redeemable and will be issued and redeemed at their "Net Asset Value" (NAV) only through certain authorized broker-dealers in large, specified blocks of shares called "creation units" and otherwise can be bought and sold only through exchange trading. Creation units are issued and redeemed principally in kind. Shares may trade at a premium or discount to their NAV in the secondary market.
The NAV of a VanEck Vectors exchange-traded fund (ETF) is determined at the close of each business day, and represents the U.S. dollar value of one share of the fund; it is calculated by taking the total assets of the fund, subtracting total liabilities, and dividing by the total number of shares outstanding. The NAV is not necessarily the same as the ETF’s intraday trading value. Total returns are based upon closing “market price” (price) of the ETF on the dates listed. VanEck Vectors ETF investors should not expect to buy or sell shares at NAV.
Investing involves substantial risk and high volatility, including possible loss of principal. An investor should consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund carefully before investing. To obtain a free prospectus and summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, call 
800.826.2333 or visit www.vaneck.com/etfs. Please read the prospectus and summary prospectus carefully before investing.
 

 













Van Eck Securities Corporation, Distributor               
    666 Third Avenue               
    New York, NY 10017
800.826.2333 
©  VanEck. VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities™, and the VanEck design™ are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.











×












Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               





























































SGQI - SG Global Quality Income ETF | Janus Henderson Investors


























































Skip to content


















 




Products

Mutual Funds
ETFs
SMAs
Variable Insurance


Insights

Global Perspectives
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset & Alternatives
Market Events
Future Trends
Portfolio Strategies
Client Materials
Blog


Advisor Resources

Professional Development
Portfolio Construction Services
Wealth Management
Defined Contribution
Continuing Education


About


United States
Finland
Norway
United Kingdom
Deutschland
Singapore
Australia
Hong Kong
España
Österreich
India
Ireland
Italia
Japan
Schweiz
Belgium
China
Denmark
France
Sweden
Chile
Luxembourg
Nederland
Taiwan
US Offshore
Rest of the world
 




HomeProductsSGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF        










SGQI – SG Global Quality Income ETF
Seeks quality, high-yielding global equities designed to deliver consistent dividend income



NAV
As of 07/26/17
$27.88





Fact Sheet






Jump to a section






		Fund Facts	




Pricing Data
(As of Market Close 07/26/17)


Yields and Expenses


Fund Details







$28.39
Closing Market Price


$28.07
Bid/Ask Midpoint


$28.39
Day High


$28.39
Day Low


900
Trading Volume (Shares)


0.68%
Premium/Discount


1.70M
Shares Outstanding




4.71%
Distribution Yield at NAV
(As of 06/30/17)


30 Day SEC Yield
(As of 06/30/17)
3.77%


Quarterly
Distribution Frequency


$47.40M
Total Net Assets
(As of 07/26/17)




GROSS
0.45%


NET
0.45%


Annual Expense Ratio
(Estimated)


Performance
(As of 07/26/17)


$27.88
NAV
(As of 07/26/17)


0.29%
NAV 1 Day Return


11.04%
NAV Year To Date




12/07/16
Inception Date


47103U878
CUSIP



Category

						Morningstar						(As of 06/30/2017)					

World Large Stock


SGQIIV
Intraday Value (IOPV)


NASDAQ
Exchange


SGQINTRD
Index Ticker


Primary Benchmark
SGI Global Quality Income Index


Index Provider
Société Générale Index








							Overview						


ETF Objective
Janus SG Global Quality Income ETF (SGQI) seeks investment results that correspond generally, before fees and expenses, to the performance of the SGI Global Quality Income Index.
Client Commitment
An Equity ETF seeking to provide investors with a consistent income stream by selecting quality, high-yielding companies across the globe. In today’s low-yielding environment, this may serve as an important complement to fixed income, offering both a diversified source of income and growth potential.
Why Invest in the Fund


Equity Income Potential

The strategy seeks to invest in dividend-paying companies with yields above 4%, pursuing the best opportunities in global developed market equities.

Quality Counts

The strategy aims to provide a consistent income stream by selecting quality companies with the potential to sustain or grow dividend payouts by evaluating balance sheet strength, profitability and price stability.

Core Income Complement

This may serve as a diversifier in an income portfolio providing both a differentiated stream of income and growth potential – especially important given the scarcity of yield in today’s market.






						Performance					


RETURNS

						(As of 06/30/2017)					

						(As of 06/30/2017)					





QUARTER END
MONTH END





Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												








Inception: Dec 07, 2016
3M
YTD
1YR
3YR
5YR
10YR
Since Inception





													NAV												

													3.24%												

													9.53%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													10.40%												



													Market Price												

													2.99%												

													10.15%												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													-												

													11.29%												



													SGI Global Quality Income Index												

													3.10%												

													9.37%												

													8.56%												

													1.98%												

													6.98%												

													-												

													10.27%												



													MSCI World Index℠												

													4.03%												

													10.66%												

													18.20%												

													5.24%												

													11.38%												

													3.97%												

													10.87%												









									Returns quoted are past performance and do not guarantee future results; current performance may be lower or higher. Investment returns and principal value will vary; there may be a gain or loss when shares are sold.
									Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Market returns are based upon the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (when NAV is normally determined for most ETFs), and do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply and will reduce returns.






GROWTH OF A $10,000 HYPOTHETICAL INVESTMENT






															Source: Morningstar, Inc.





Q2 2017
Q1 2017
Q4 2016

FREQUENCY DISTRIBUTION OF PREMIUMS AND DISCOUNTS







Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
0
0
11
49
3
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
17.46%
77.78%
4.76%
0.00%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
0
8
0
44
5
4
1


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
12.90%
0.00%
70.97%
8.06%
6.45%
1.61%









Market Price below NAV
Market Price equal to NAV
Market Price above NAV


Percent of Difference
< -1.50
-1.49 to -1.00
-0.99 to -0.50
-0.49 to -0.01
0
0.01 to 0.49
0.50 to 0.99
1.00 to 1.49
> 1.50


Number of Days
0
0
1
0
1
14
0
0
0


Percent of Total Days
0.00%
0.00%
6.25%
0.00%
6.25%
87.50%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
















DISTRIBUTION OVERVIEW





EX-DATE
RECORD DATE
PAYABLE DATE
ORDINARY INCOME
SHORT-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
LONG-TERM CAPITAL GAINS
TOTAL DISTRIBUTION




06/30/2017

07/05/2017

07/07/2017

$0.332327

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.332327


03/31/2017

04/04/2017

04/06/2017

$0.284946

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.284946


12/23/2016

12/28/2016

12/30/2016

$0.114199

$0.000000

$0.000000

$0.114199







							Characteristics						

Index represents the SGI Global Quality Income Index.









TOP HOLDINGS
(As of 07/26/2017)


% of Fund






																							Power Assets Holdings Ltd																					

																							1.45																					



																							AT&T Inc																					

																							1.37																					



																							Endesa SA																					

																							1.38																					



																							Abertis Infraestructuras SA																					

																							1.38																					



																							Kuehne + Nagel International AG																					

																							1.37																					



																							Garmin Ltd																					

																							1.37																					



																							Persimmon PLC																					

																							1.37																					



																							Proximus SADP																					

																							1.37																					



																							Singapore Telecommunications Ltd																					

																							1.36																					



																							TransCanada Corp																					

																							1.36																					







								View Full Holdings							

								Download							










PORTFOLIO CHARACTERISTICS
(As of 07/26/17)










Number of Holdings
Equity Issues





75






Market Capitalization
Weighted Average





$49.89B






Market Capitalization
Median





$20.69B






Portfolio Turnover Rate
(1-year trailing)





28.67%






Price/Earnings Ratio
(1-year forward)





18.03






Price/Book Ratio
(1-year forward)





2.46






Earnings Growth Rate
(1-year forward)





5.99%














DEVELOPED VS. EMERGING MARKET
(As of 07/26/17)


% OF FUND






																							Non-U.S. Developed																					

																							73.39																					



																							U.S.																					

																							26.61																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					











REGIONAL ALLOCATION
(As of 07/26/17)


% OF FUND






																							Europe																					

																							38.65																					



																							North America																					

																							37.37																					



																							Asia/Pacific Ex Japan																					

																							21.37																					



																							Japan																					

																							2.61																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					













SECTOR ALLOCATION
(As of 07/26/17)


% OF FUND






																							Utilities																					

																							24.18																					



																							Telecommunication Services																					

																							17.45																					



																							Energy																					

																							14.71																					



																							Consumer Discretionary																					

																							13.35																					



																							Industrials																					

																							13.27																					



																							Consumer Staples																					

																							7.87																					



																							Health Care																					

																							7.85																					



																							Materials																					

																							1.32																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					











MARKET CAPITALIZATION RANGE OF EQUITY HOLDINGS
(As of 07/26/2017)


% OF FUND






																							Over $100B																					

																							15.89																					



																							$50B to $100B																					

																							6.53																					



																							$10B to $50B																					

																							49.62																					



																							$5B to $10B																					

																							19.95																					



																							$1B to $5B																					

																							8.01																					



																							Cash & Equivalents																					

																							0.00																					










						Commentary & Literature					






Literature

Full Holdings
Distributions & Tax Information
Fact Sheet
Sai
Semi-annual Report
Annual Report
Prospectus



























Get Muni Bonds That Make Sense For You - FMSBonds.com      



Value for muni investors
Talk to a specialist: 1-800-FMS-BOND
1-800-367-2663








Get Muni Bonds That Are Right For YouNot all tax-free muni bonds are the same.Find munis that fit your investment objectives.Serving muni bond investors since 1978.

Select Your Preferred StateNo PreferenceAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
Minimum RatingNo PreferenceAaa/AAAA/ABaa/BBBBa/BBNR/NR
    

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































