


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Real Estate Fund (TRREX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Real Estate Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRREX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.67
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.23
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								1.74%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$26.76
							
							-
							
								$31.13
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$6,225.29

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Real Estate Fund among 
230,
230,
201
and 
141
Real Estate
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term growth through a combination of capital appreciation and current income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.60%
				
			

				
					-2.60%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.23%
				
			

				
					7.23%
				
			


5 Years

				
					8.66%
				
			

				
					8.66%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.37%
				
			

				
					5.37%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.80%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.80%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1997
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.74%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.74%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Real Estate Fund charges a 1% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:34:20 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari













































RealtyMogul.com™ | Real Estate Crowdfunding & Investing





Skip to main content








Real Estate Crowdfunding









Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 












Commercial Real Estate Investing for AllTM








                125,000 Investors
              

                Have joined RealtyMogul.com.
              

                Have joined Us.
              





                Over $285 Million
              

                Invested on our platform.
              

                Invested with us.
              





                $65 Million
              

                Paid out to RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                Paid out to investors.
              





                $0 Principal Lost
              

                By RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                By investors.
              






 



 















"Realty Mogul has so far raised more than $200 million to finance more than 330 properties since its launch in 2013."
  



"RealtyMogul.com's purpose is 'access through innovation' with investor protection and compliance as our guiding principles."
  



"... appeals to all skill levels, from first-timers to veteran investors. In just a few clicks, investors can access the best real estate deals."
  





 






How It Works


1. Invest
Invest in crowdfunded commercial real estate opportunities online for as little as $1000.


2. Relax
We collect returns generated from your investment and pay any expenses.


3. Get Paid
You reap the rewards when we distribute the income from your investments.


Get Started For FREENeed Financing? 








Investments on RealtyMogul.com are illiquid and loss of invested capital is possible. 
Please review risk factors for private placements here.
 







Recent Investments



 





        $3,510,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Retail
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Prunedale
        


  

 





        $1,010,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Indianapolis
        


  

 





        $1,240,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Marietta
        


  

 





        $2,040,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Chicago
        


  

 





        $2,190,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            San Antonio
        


  

 





        $2,020,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Oak Harbor
        


  

 





        $1,515,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Fayetteville
        


  

 





        $710,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Hollywood
        


  

 





        $1,210,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Houston
        


  

 





        $1,525,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Rolling Meadows
        


  



























 
 








Become a Commercial Real Estate Investor Today
Join Now For FREE 



 



 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


















































































Get Real Estate Financing | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Get Financing



How much are you looking to finance? 

 Debt or Equity?DebtEquity




 

 
 







Looking to Invest?
Start Here
 







Joint Venture Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Equity Contribution:
Up to 90% of equity


IRR:
13% +


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise J.V. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Preferred Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Pref. Equity Contribution:
Up to 85% of cost


Rate:
11 - 13%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise Pref. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Commercial Bridge Loans
$1MM - $25MM




Loan to Cost:
Up to 85%


Loan to Value:
Up to 75%


Rate:
5 - 10%


Term:
12 - 36 Months


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Type:
Recourse and Non-Recourse




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More




Mezzanine Debt
$1MM - $5MM




Mezzanine Contribution:
Up to 80%


Rate:
10 - 12%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
35 - 45 days




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More


 




Looking to Invest?
Start Here 




More than $285 Million Financed to Date for 350+ Properties
 




Selected Transactions




$3,510,000
Equity Purchase
Prunedale, CA
Safeway & CVS Retail Center





$2,100,000
Commercial Loan
Bel Air, CA
5 Unit Multifamily




Finance My Next Project

 




Real Estate Lending Simplified.
Start Here 



Featured Articles




   
 RealtyMogul.com Named a Top Tech Company to Work For - Top Tech Company to Work For

In a recent Built in Los Angeles article...  

   
 News Recap: Largest Real Estate Loan Funded... - Largest Real Estate Loan Funded

Just in case you missed it, here’s a...  

   
 What Do Investors Need to Know About Crowdfunding?  - Crowdfunding

Featured in Bisnow.com

Crowdfunding platforms have...  

   
 RealtyMogul.com’s Newly Redesigned About Us Page  - About Us

If you’ve never read about how RealtyMogul.com came to be,...  

   
 CEO Jilliene Helman Featured on ABC15 Arizona - Jilliene Helman recently discussed her role as CEO and founder of...  

 

 
 

 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software
























































	Oaktree Capital




























































                    Oaktree's mission is to deliver superior investment results with risk under control and to conduct our business with the highest integrity.

                    









                    Our Investment Philosophy consists of six enduring tenets that have remained unchanged since our founding 21 years ago.

                    









                    Since our founding, Oaktree has been guided by a unifying set of business principles.

                    












About Oaktree




Investment Philosophy




Business Principles















Investor Resources





Institutional Investors


					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals

 
					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors


					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders

   
					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK).
				
Learn More





Investor Resources





Institutional Investors



					We provide qualified institutional investors – e.g., sovereign wealth funds, public funds, pensions funds, corporations and endowments/foundations – with a range of products focused on alternative investments and inefficient markets.
				
Learn More






Financial Professionals



					We equip financial intermediaries with a suite of Oaktree strategies through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Individual Investors



					We give individual investors access to Oaktree products through our commingled investment vehicles.
				
Learn More






Public Unitholders



					We are committed to providing useful and timely information to public unitholders of Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE: OAK). 
				
Learn More


















The Power of Credit




Read Paper















Strategies

As a leader and pioneer in alternative investments, we offer a broad range of products across the capital structure.


●
Corporate Debt
»


●
Convertible Securities
»


●
Distressed Debt
»


●
Control Investing
»


●
Real Estate
»


●
Listed Equities
»



See a complete list of strategies













The Memo: There They Go Again... Again





Watch Video


Read Memo


Subscribe










Press Releases


07/27/2017

Oaktree Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


07/14/2017

Oaktree to Assume Management of Fifth Street Finance Corp. and Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp. Business Development Companies


07/06/2017

Oaktree Schedules Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for July 27, 2017


05/23/2017

Oaktree to Present at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference; Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference; and Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


04/27/2017

Oaktree Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


More Press Releases





Events and Presentations


07/27/2017

Q2 2017 Oaktree Capital Group LLC Earnings Conference Call


06/13/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Morgan Stanley Financials Conference


06/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at KBW Mortgage Finance and Asset Management Conference


05/30/2017

Oaktree Capital Group LLC at Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference


05/01/2017

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC Quarterly Investor Presentation


More Events and Presentations















Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Frank  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    333 South Grand Avenue, 28 Th Floor  
    Los Angeles, CA, 90071Phone: 213-830-6300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-22


Amended


$1,957,782,345


$673,294,980


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-23


Amended


$1,284,487,365


$1,284,487,365


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-11-25


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-09-12


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 John B. Frank 
 Executive 


 Stephen A. Kaplan 
 Executive 


 Bruce A. Karsh 
 Executive 


 Lawrence Keele 
 Executive 


 David M. Kirchheimer 
 Executive 


 Howard S. Marks 
 Executive 


 None Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund Vii Gp, L.P. 
 Promoter 


 Sheldon Stone 
 Executive 


 Jay Wintrob 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Oaktree Capital Management - Wikipedia





















 






Oaktree Capital Management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Oak Hill Capital Partners or Oak Investment Partners.

Oaktree Capital Management, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: OAK


Industry
Financial services


Founded
April 1995; 22 years ago (1995-04)[1]


Founders
Howard Marks, Bruce Karsh, Steve Kaplan, Larry Keele, Richard Masson, Sheldon Stone[1]


Headquarters
Los Angeles, California, USA



Number of locations

18[2]



Key people

Howard Marks
(Co-Chairman)
Bruce Karsh
(Co-Chairman and CIO)
John Frank
(Vice Chairman)
Jay Wintrob
(CEO)


AUM
US$101 billion (as of December 31, 2016)[3]


Website
www.oaktreecapital.com


Oaktree Capital Management is an American global asset management firm specializing in alternative investment strategies. It is the largest distressed investor in the world, and one of the largest credit investors in the world.[4][5] Oaktree emphasizes an opportunistic, value-oriented, and risk-controlled approach to investments in distressed debt, corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing (including private equity and special situations), convertible securities, real estate and listed equities.
As of December 31, 2016, the company managed $101 billion for its clientele which includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, as well as public funds, foundations, corporate and insurance companies, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.[6] The company’s co-chairman, Howard Marks, has been described as “one of the savviest investors in the world,”[7] and is known in the investment community for letters to investors called the "Oaktree memos”.[8]
The firm was co-founded in 1995 by a group who had formerly worked together at the TCW Group starting in the 1980s. Oaktree quickly established a reputation in the high-yield and distressed-debt markets.[9] On April 12, 2012, Oaktree Capital Group LLC became listed on the NYSE: OAK.[3][10] As of December 31, 2016 it has over 900 employees[11] and 18 offices in Los Angeles, where it is headquartered, London, New York City, Hong Kong, Stamford (Connecticut), Tokyo, Luxembourg, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore, Seoul, Beijing, Amsterdam, Dubai, Houston, Shanghai, and Sydney.[3]



Contents


1 Firm overview

1.1 Investment philosophy
1.2 Investment focus
1.3 Investor base


2 History

2.1 Early years (1995–1999)
2.2 Expansion (2000–2010)
2.3 Recent years (2010-present)


3 Investment funds

3.1 Closed-End Funds
3.2 Open-End Funds
3.3 Evergreen Funds


4 Assets
5 Current investments
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links



Firm overview[edit]




Oaktree is headquartered in the Wells Fargo Tower in Los Angeles, seen here as the building on the left


With headquarters in Los Angeles,[12] the firm has over 900 employees[11] and offices in 18 cities worldwide (Los Angeles; London; New York City; Hong Kong; Stamford, Connecticut; Tokyo; Luxembourg; Paris; Frankfurt; Singapore; Seoul; Beijing; Amsterdam; Dubai; Houston; Shanghai; and Sydney).[3]
Investment philosophy[edit]
Oaktree has a value-oriented investment philosophy, emphasizing risk-control, consistency and specialization, with a focus on opportunities that offer a margin of safety.[3] On November 12, 2011, the Financial Times said of Oaktree’s approach: “the heart of risk management Oaktree-style, with its emphasis on living to fight another day, is simple. Oaktree eschews overly complicated hedging strategies.”[7] The firm specializes in off-the-beaten-path and contrarian investments,[13] and favors companies with tangible assets.[14] The firm's motto is “if we avoid the losers, the winners will take care of themselves.”[15]
Investment focus[edit]
Oaktree invests across the capital structure, with an emphasis on senior debt in companies and markets where it has what it calls a “knowledge advantage.” Distressed or otherwise ailing companies, according to Oaktree, provide such opportunities.
Since its 1995 formation, Oaktree has become the largest distressed-debt investor in the world.[4][16] In 2008, it raised $10.9 billion for what was the largest-ever distressed debt fund, its Opportunities Fund VIIb.[17] As reported in The Washington Post on June 26, 2011, Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds (which do not use leverage) have averaged annual gains of 19% after fees for the past 22 years.[18]
In addition to credit investments in distressed debt and high-yield bonds, Oaktree also invests in areas such as private equity, real estate and listed equities. In recent years, the company has expanded its real estate activities.[3]
Investor base[edit]
Oaktree’s clientele includes 75 of the 100 largest U.S. pension plans, 38 states in the United States, over 400 corporations and/or their pension funds, over 350 university, charitable and other endowments and foundations, 16 sovereign wealth funds and over 350 other non-U.S. institutional investors.[19] According to the Wall Street Journal, Oaktree has “long been considered a stable repository for pension-fund and endowment money.”[20]
The company’s distressed-debt funds are often over-subscribed, and in 2010 Oaktree turned down potential investors due to self-imposed limits on fund size.[21] By law, clients are required to be so-called accredited investors, however, sub-advisory relationships with mutual funds such as The Vanguard Group and Russell Investment Group provide smaller investors access to Oaktree’s portfolio managers.
History[edit]
Early years (1995–1999)[edit]
Oaktree was founded in 1995 by a group of principals who first joined together at the TCW Group in the mid-1980s[22] to manage high yield bonds, convertible securities, distressed debt, real estate, and principal investments.[23] Within three months of its founding in 1995, “more than 30 TCW clients transferred $1.5 billion in assets to Oaktree.”[13][24]
Oaktree has formed various sub-advisory relationships since 1995. In 1996, Oaktree was selected as the sub-advisor for the Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund.[23]
Since 1995, Oaktree has created what it refers to as “step-out” strategies, usually coincident with the opening of new offices around the world. Its growth in strategies has largely focused on expanding into European and Asian markets. Between 1997 and 1999, Oaktree created 3 new strategies: Emerging Markets Absolute Return in 1997, European High Yield Bonds in 1999, and Power Opportunities in 1999.[19] Oaktree was one of the first U.S.-headquartered alternative asset managers with dedicated European investment teams focused on credit.[23]
Expansion (2000–2010)[edit]
In 2001 Oaktree continued to introduce new "step-out" strategies, starting with Mezzanine Finance. Asia Principal Opportunities (2006) and Asia Special Situations (2007) followed, along with European Principal Investments (2006), U.S. Senior Loans and Value Opportunities (2007), European Senior Loans (2009), Global High Yield Bonds (2010), and Emerging Markets Equities (2011).[23][25][19]
In 2005 the Securities And Exchange Commission ordered Oaktree to pay a fine, interest, and disgorge profits after the SEC ruled they had "sold securities short" before the five legal business days after a public offering pricing had gone public. Oaktree was required to put in place policies and procedures to prevent violations in the future.[26]
In 2008, the firm raised $11 billion for their distressed debt fund.[17][27] In 2009, Oaktree was selected by the U.S. Treasury, along with eight other managers (BlackRock, Invesco, AllianceBernstein and others)[28] to participate in the government’s Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP).[29] At the time of Oaktree’s inclusion in the PPIP program, The New York Times reported: “Howard S. Marks is the sort of financier who Washington hopes will help fix the nation’s tumbledown banks.”[30] Partnering with Oaktree in PPIP are the Inupiat Eskimos of Alaska’s North Slope, whose Arctic Slope Regional Corporation invested some $10 million alongside Oaktree’s PPIP fund. As of December 31, 2016, the Oaktree PPIP Fund, L.P. had a gross return of 28%.[25][31][19]
Recent years (2010-present)[edit]

Relationship expansion

In recent years, the company has formed several strategic relationships. In 2009, Oaktree acquired a 22% stake in DoubleLine Capital, a Los Angeles-based investment firm specializing in mortgage-backed fixed income portfolios. In 2011 Oaktree partnered with Sabal Financial Group, a company focusing on the acquisition and valuation of portfolios of real estate loans.[32] Oaktree had been an investor in Sabal’s portfolios since 2009 prior to acquiring a non-controlling equity stake in the company.[33]
Its relationship with Vanguard was expanded in 2011, when Oaktree was selected as one of four firms to manage Vanguard’s Emerging Markets Select Stock Fund. In 2010, Oaktree was named one of three advisors to the Russell Global Opportunistic Credit Fund and was selected as a manager for the Credit Suisse (Lux) I Fund in 2011.[23]

European sovereign-debt crisis

Seeking investment opportunities created by the European sovereign-debt crisis,[34][35] Oaktree started its European Principal Fund III in November 2011 with committed capital of some €3 billion.[36]

Other recent funds

According to the company’s published financial results, during the year ended December 31, 2016, Oaktree raised $11 billion for Oaktree Opportunities Funds X and Xb (“Opps X and Xb”).[19] Like its other Opportunities funds, Fund X and Xb will focus on “market pricing inefficiencies resulting from company reorganizations and restructurings, and the senior and secured debt of operationally sound, overleveraged companies in the United States and Western Europe.”[37] New strategies, such as Global High Yield Bonds, Strategic Credit, European Private Debt, Emerging Markets Total Return, Emerging Markets Opportunities, Real Estate Debt, Value Equities, and Real Estate Value-Add were also added to the platform.[19]

NYSE listing

On April 12, 2012, Oaktree became a publicly traded partnership with shares listed on the NYSE.[10] The company was previously listed on GSTrUE, a private over-the-counter exchange run by Goldman Sachs[38] which officially ceased operations[39] in 2012 after Oaktree, along with Apollo Global Management (in 2011), de-listed and moved to the NYSE.[40]
Investment funds[edit]
Oaktree’s current investment activities are divided across six main asset classes: distressed debt,[41] corporate debt (including high yield debt and senior loans), control investing, convertible securities, real estate and listed equities. Fund structures within each asset class vary, and are organized into closed-end, open-end, or so-called “evergreen” fund types.
Oaktree’s fund offerings are organized into three broad categories based on liquidity and lock-up period:

Closed-End Funds: Closed-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that have a 10- or 11-year term and have a specified period during which clients can subscribe for limited partnership interests in the fund. Closed-end funds have a three-, four- or five-year investment period.
Open-End Funds: Commingled open-end funds are structured as limited partnerships that admit clients as new limited partners on an ongoing basis. Unlike close-end funds, these funds do not have an investment period. Capital may be committed to new investments at any time during the fund’s life.
Evergreen Funds: “Evergreen funds” invest in marketable securities on a long and short basis. Like open-end funds, Oaktree’s evergreen funds accept new capital on an ongoing basis. Clients in evergreen funds are generally subject to a lock-up period of between one and three years.[25]

The following tables list the company’s strategies and funds since inception (including TCW funds directed by Oaktree managers before they left TCW to found Oaktree in 1995):
Closed-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
Committed
Capital ($m)


Distressed Debt


TCW Special Credits Fund I, L.P.
Oct-1988
$97


TCW Special Credits Fund II, L.P.
Jul-1990
$261


TCW Special Credits Fund IIb, L.P.
Dec-1990
$153


TCW Special Credits Fund III, L.P.
Nov-1991
$329


TCW Special Credits Fund IIIb, L.P.
Apr-1992
$6447


TCW Special Credits Fund IV, L.P.
Jun-1993
$394


OCM Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Oct-1995
$771


OCM Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Oct-1997
$1,550


OCM Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-1999
$2,077


OCM Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Sep-2001
$2,125


OCM Opportunities Fund IVb, L.P.
May-2002
$1,339


OCM Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Jun-2004
$1,179


OCM Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Jul-2005
$1,773


OCM Opportunities Fund VII, L.P.
Mar-2007
$3,598


OCM Opportunities Fund VIIb, L.P.
May-2008
$10,940


Special Account A
Nov-2008
$253


Oaktree Capital Management Opportunities Fund VIII, L.P.
Oct-2009
$4,507


Special Account B
Nov-2009
$1,031


Oaktree Capital Opportunities Fund VIIIb, L.P.
Aug-2011
$2,692


Oaktree Opportunities Fund IX
Jan 2014
$5,066


Oaktree Opportunities Fund X
Jan 2016
$3,243


Oaktree Opportunities Fund Xb
TBD
$8,063


Global Principal Investments


TCW Special Credits Fund V, L.P.
Apr-1994
$401


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Jul-1996
$625


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2000
$1,275


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2003
$1,400


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Oct-2006
$3,328


Special Account C
Dec-2008
$505


Oaktree Capital Principal Fund V, L.P.
Feb-2009
$2,827


OCM Principal Opportunities Fund VI, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,223


European Principal Investments


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Mar-2006
$495


OCM European Principal Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-2007
€1,759


Oaktree Capital European Principal Fund III, L.P.
Nov-2011
€3,164


Oaktree European Principal Fund IV.L.P
TBD
€936


European Private Debt


Special Account E
Oct 2013
€379


Oaktree European Dislocation Fund
Oct 2013
€294


Oaktree European Capital Solutions Fund
Dec 2015
€430


Power Opportunities


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund, L.P.
Nov-1999
$449


OCM/GFI Power Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Nov-2004
$1,021


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Apr-2010
$1,062


Oaktree Capital Power Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Nov-2015
$1,106


Real Estate Opportunities


TCW Special Credits Fund VI, L.P.
Aug-1994
$506


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund A, L.P.
Feb-1996
$379


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund B, L.P.
Mar-1997
$285


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, L.P.
Dec-1998
$464


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund III, L.P.
Sep-2002
$707


OCM Real Estate Opportunities Fund IV, L.P.
Dec-2007
$450


Special Account D
Nov-2009
$256


Oaktree Capital Real Estate Opportunities Fund V, L.P.
Mar-2011
$1,283


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VI
Aug 2012
$2,677


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII
Jan-2016
$2,920


Real Estate Debt


Oaktree Capital PPIP Fund, L.P.
Dec-2009
$2,322


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund
Sep 2013
$1,112


Oaktree Real Estate Debt Fund II
TBD
$505


Real Estate Value-Add


Special Account G
Oct-2016
$615


Mezzanine Finance


OCM Mezzanine Fund I, L.P.
Oct-2001
$808


OCM Mezzanine Fund II, L.P.
Jun-2005
$1,251


Oaktree Capital Mezzanine Fund III, L.P.
Dec-2009
$1,592


Oaktree Mezzanine Fund IV
Oct 2014
$852


Infrastructure Investing


Highstar Capital IV
Nov 2010
$2,000


Oaktree Infrastructure Fund
TBD
$409


Emerging Markets Opportunities


Oaktree Emerging Market Opportunities Fund
Sept 2013
$384


Special Account
Jan 2014
$253


Open-End Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Open End Fund


U.S. High Yield Bonds
1986
$17,289


U.S. Convertibles
1987
$3,411


High Income Convertibles
1989
$863


Non-U.S. Convertibles
1994
$1,456


European High Yield Bonds
1999
$1,316


U.S. Senior Loans
2008
$1,572


European Senior Loans
2009
$1,422


Global High Yield Bonds
2010
$4,425


Emerging Markets Equities
2011
$3,060


Evergreen Funds[edit]


Fund
Inception Date
AUM ($m)


Evergreen Fund


Strategic Credit
2012
$3,281


Value Opportunities
2007
$1,272


Value Equities
2012
$371


Emerging Markets Absolute Return
1997
$131


Emerging Markets Debt Total Return
2015
$441


Assets[edit]
Current as of December 31, 2015: (Capitalcapital.com/about/ source)[19]

Assets by client type

Client type
 %
US$
(millions)


Public Funds
24
23,861


Corporate and Corporate Pensions
24
23,749


Sovereign Wealth Funds
8
8,351


Endowments and Foundations
6
5,716


Insurance companies
9
9,187


Private - HNW/Family Office
5
5,041


Sub-Advisory - Mutual Funds
8
8,685


Fund of Funds
3
3,028


Unions
2
2,038


Oaktree and Affiliates
4
4,179


Other
6
6,669


TOTAL
100
100,504



Assets by asset class

Type
 %
US$
(millions)


Corporate Debt
-
39,911


Convertible Securities
-
5,731


Distressed Debt
-
26,933


Control Investing
-
15,627


Real Estate
-
8,647


Listed Equities
-
3,655


TOTAL
100
100,504


Current investments[edit]
This list is incomplete; you can help by expanding it.

General Maritime - Oil tanker line utilizing foreign vessels and crews headquartered in New York
Sky Holding — jet airplane ownership[42]
Fitness First - World's largest health club chain. Taken over in partnership with Marathon Capital Management in 2014. Sold to Quadrant Private Equity in 2016
Verreries de l’Orne à Ecouché (Orne) — glass etching firm — 1 April 2010[43]
Campofrío Food Group — (24%) European food industry[44]
Conbipel — (100%) Italian fashion industry[45]
Quiksilver [46]— American retail sporting company
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) - a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.
STORE Capital
Billabong International Ltd. - Australia's largest surfwear company.[47]
Aleris International — acquired 1 May 2010[48]
Almatis Group — acquired 2010[49]
Triton Media Group — media group managed by Oaktree Capital
Townsquare Media — broadcast station and local media company owned by Oaktree Capital — acquired 1 April 2010
Cumulus Media — An October 20, 2011, SEC filing by Oaktree Capital shows that it has purchased 3,985,983 shares of Cumulus Media stock, giving Oaktree Capital a position currently valued at $11,320,192 in the radio operator.
Tribune Company — acquired jointly with JPMorgan Chase and Angelo, Gordon & Co.; acquisition completed July 2012.[50]
Nine Entertainment Co. — taken over (alongside Apollo Global Management and Goldman Sachs) from CVC Asia Pacific in a refinancing deal in Oct 2012.
MediaWorks New Zealand — acquired a controlling 77.8% share in the business, after recently purchasing shares from RBS and Westpac; acquisition completed April 29, 2015.[51]
AdvancePierre Foods (a merger completed September 30, 2010, from Pierre Foods, Advance Foods, and Advance Brands) — a food manufacturing company with facilities in Iowa, Oklahoma, Ohio, North Carolina, Maine, & South Carolina.

See also[edit]

Category:Oaktree Capital Management

References[edit]


^ a b "The Oaktree story". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ "Oaktree's global presence". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b c d e f "About Oaktree". Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12.  Financial figures as of March 31, 2010.
^ a b Atlas, Riva (2001). "Company in Trouble? They're Waiting". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "PDI Top 30 Private Debt Ranking" (PDF). 
^ "About Oaktree". www.oaktreecapital.com. Retrieved 2017-06-17. 
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global Reminds us we have much to learn from crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (May 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital, an Investment Firm, Is Said to Plan Stock Exchange Listing". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Capitalcapital.com/about/investment-philosophy.aspx "Oaktree Capital's investment philosophy" Check |url= value (help). Los Angeles: Oaktree Capital Management. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ a b Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". Business Day: DealBook.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b "Oaktree Capital Management Group, LLC; Oaktree Capital Appoints Marna Whittington to Board of Directors". Investment Weekly News. July 21, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Vincent, Roger (November 14, 2014) "Oaktree Capital agrees to expand offices in downtown Los Angeles" Los Angeles Times
^ a b Sender, Henry (November 12, 2011). "MF Global reminds us we have much to learn from the crisis". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories. Saint James Press. 2005.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Thomas, Brad (June 4, 2012). "Why I Don't Currently Own Shares In REITs". Seeking Alpha. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ "Finance and Economics: The vultures take wing; Investing in distress". The Economist. March 31, 2007.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b Arnold, Martin (May 17, 2008). "Oaktree Capital raises 11bn for distressed debt fund". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Wee, Gillian (June 26, 2011). "Marks puts Oaktree Capital Management on path to IPO". The Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ a b c d e f g "Oaktree Capital Group, LLC" 10-k form.
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to Try A New Twist For Share Sale; Use of Goldman Market Avoids Regulations, Doesn't Cede Control". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Cox, Rob (May 19, 2011). "A Balancing Act at Oaktree Capital Management". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Rundle, Rhona (March 16, 1995). "TCW's Junk-Bond Chief, Marks, Others, to Start Their Own Firm -- Departures Are Major Blow and Could be Followed by Client Defections". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c d e Capitalcapital.com/about/Oaktree Capital-story.aspx "The Oaktree Capital Story" Check |url= value (help). Oaktree Capital. 2009. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company". International Directory of Company Histories . Reproduced in Business and Company Resource Center. Farmington Hills, Mich.:Gale Group. 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ a b c "Oaktree Capital S1". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. June 17, 2011. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ "Oaktree Capital Management Company, Exchange Act Release No. 51709 (May 19, 2005)." (PDF). May 19, 2005. Securities and Exchange Commission. Retrieved 10 August 2011. 
^ Sakoui, Anousha (October 28, 2008). "Distressed debt funds maintain tight secrecy as offereings abound". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Shieber, Jonathan (November 2011). "PPIP Brings Investors Narrow Opportunities, Nice Returns". The Private Equity Analyst.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Protess, Ben (January 24, 2011). "Bad Asset Purchase Program Turning a Profit; DealBook". New York Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kouwe, Zachery (February 10, 2009). "Washington Hopes 'Vulture' Investors Will Buy Bad Assets". New York Times. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Paletta, Damian (July 9, 2009). "Treasury unveils a trimmed down PPIP - Nine fund managers picked for $30 billion program to buy toxic securities; Pimco backs out". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Sabal Financial Group, L.P. Milestone Asset Resolution Company Expands with Investment from an Affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P". Real Estate Weekly. July 8, 2011.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Casacchia, Chris (July 4, 2011). "Newport Firm in Deal with Oaktree Capital". Orange County Business Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Deng, Chao. "Oaktree Capital's Marks Says Investors Should Insist on 'Low Prices' in Europe". LBO Wire. July 3, 2012.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kreutzer, Laura (February 9, 2012). "Washington to Recommend $1B in Private Equity Commitments". LBO Wire.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Kuo, Patricia (March 6, 2012). Capital-is-said-to-raise-4-billion-fund-to-buy-distressed-european-assets.html "Oaktree Is Said to Raise $4 Billion Fund to Buy Distressed European Assets" Check |url= value (help). Bloomberg. Retrieved 2012-07-12. 
^ Davis, Levi (March 30, 2012). "SF Employees Considering Distressed Debt". Money Management Letter.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (May 10, 2007). "Oaktree Capital to try a new twist for share sale; use of Goldman market avoids regulations, doesn't cede control". Wall Street Journal.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Sender, Henry (June 18, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management files for $8bn NYSE listing". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Lattman, Peter (April 12, 2012). "Private Goldman Exchange Officially Closes for Business". The New York Times. Retrieved 2012-01-12. 
^ Sender, Henry (May 17, 2011). "Oaktree Capital Management sows seeds for listing on NYSE". Financial Times.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hausmann, Daniel (2010-04-23). "Carlyle’s Flightplan: Betting On An Aviation Recovery". Private Equity Beat. Dow Jones. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Investissement, mais coupe claire aux Verreries de l’Orne". L'Usine Nouvelle (in French). Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 2010-04-22. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Campofrío Food Group[better source needed]
^ "Conbipel". 
^ CONNELLY, LAYLAN. "Quiksilver, free from bankruptcy, talks booze and boardshorts". Retrieved 2016-06-27. 
^ Fickling, David and Angus Whitley. "Billabong Sees Revival with Oaktree-Centerbridge Debt Plan." Bloomberg
^ Nadgir, Santosh (2010-05-13). "Aleris reorganization plan confirmed by court (UPDATE 1)". Bangalore. Reuters. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ "Almatis Group Files Pre-packaged Chapter 11 Cases to Implement Agreed Financial Restructuring" (Press release). Frankfurt: Almatis Group. 2010-04-30. Retrieved 2010-05-14. 
^ Marek, Lynne (23 July 2012). "Tribune's bankruptcy exit could mean company breakup". Crain's Chicago Business. Retrieved 1 November 2012. 
^ "MediaWorks Ownership Update". MediaWorks. 29 April 2015. Retrieved 22 May 2015. 


Further reading[edit]

2011: The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor by Howard Marks (Columbia University Press, ISBN 978-0231153683)

External links[edit]

Official website
Financial year 2014 accounting statements







v
t
e


Private equity and venture capital



Basic investment types



Buyout
Venture
Mezzanine
Growth
Secondaries
Equity co-investment








History



History of private equity and venture capital
Early history of private equity
Private equity in the 1980s
Private equity in the 1990s
Private equity in the 2000s





Terms and concepts





Buyout




Financial sponsor
Management buyout
Divisional buyout
Buy–sell agreement
Leveraged recapitalization
Dividend recapitalization






Venture




Angel investor
Business incubator
Post-money valuation
Pre-money valuation
Seed money
Startup company
Venture capital financing
Venture debt
Venture round






Structure




Private equity firms and funds
Limited partnership
Limited liability company
Carried interest
Management fee
Publicly traded private equity

Business Development Company
Venture capital trust


Private investment in public equity (PIPE)
Pledge fund








Investors



Corporations
Institutional investors
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Fund of funds
Endowments
Foundations
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Commercial banks
High-net-worth individuals
Family offices
Sovereign wealth funds
Crowdfunding





Related financial terms



AUM
Cap table
Capital call
Capital commitment
Capital structure
Distribution waterfall
EBITDA
Envy ratio
High-yield debt
IPO
IRR
Leverage
Liquidation preference
M&A
PME
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Undercapitalization
Vintage year








Private equity and venture capital investors
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Angel investors
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies












v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oaktree_Capital_Management&oldid=788489474"					
Categories: Oaktree Capital ManagementCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1995Hedge fund firms in CaliforniaPrivate equity firms of the United StatesCompanies based in Los AngelesHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLPages with URL errorsCS1 French-language sources (fr)All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from August 2015Pages using deprecated image syntaxIncomplete lists from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 18:29.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	Real Estate Opportunities
































































Corporate Debt


Convertible Securities


Distressed Debt


Control Investing


Real Estate



Real Estate Opportunities


Real Estate Value-Add


Real Estate Debt



Listed Equities


Multi-Strategy Solutions











Home/ Strategies/ Real Estate/ Real Estate Opportunities



Real Estate Opportunities
 
Oaktree's Real Estate group pursues a wide range of global investment opportunities, across six areas of investment focus (commercial real estate, corporate real estate, structured finance, commercial non-performing loans, residential real estate and non-U.S. real estate). Investments may include direct property investments; investments in real estate-related corporations; commercial mortgage-backed securities and related securities; residential land, assets and loan pools; small-balance commercial loan pools; and non-U.S. investments. The group will also occasionally pursue development opportunities with aligned, high-quality partners. Our opportunistic approach and our team’s extensive expertise at the intersection of real estate and distressed debt allows us to capitalize on continued flow of over-leveraged and distressed real estate in need of rescue capital or asset repositioning.



"Our investments emphasize Oaktree's bedrock philosophy of risk control," says John Brady, head of global real estate, "and fall into one or more of the following strategic areas, in order of priority: distress, inefficiency, value-added and long-term growth."


The Real Estate group is particularly well positioned to leverage the firm's product, industry and geographical reach in global markets, where corporate and real estate assets are often bundled inefficiently. With dedicated real estate personnel in the U.S., Japan, Hong Kong, Korea and the UK, the Real Estate team benefits from Oaktree’s multi-disciplinary strengths and global footprint.


Click here for information regarding risk disclosures associated with our strategies.









REAL ESTATE TEAM


John Brady

Portfolio Manager


See the
complete team






ABOUT THE STRATEGY 



 


Assets Under Management
$6,261 million


 


Location

Los Angeles, New York, London, Hong Kong, Seoul, Tokyo, Sydney


 


Strategy Inception
1994
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 1:19 PM ET

Company Overview of Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



28th Floor333 South Grand AvenueLos Angeles, CA 90071United States










Key Executives for Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P.


Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII (Parallel), L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Real Estate Fund (TRREX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Real Estate Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				TRREX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.67
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.23
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								1.74%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$26.76
							
							-
							
								$31.13
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$6,225.29

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Real Estate Fund among 
230,
230,
201
and 
141
Real Estate
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term growth through a combination of capital appreciation and current income.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.60%
				
			

				
					-2.60%
				
			


3 Years

				
					7.23%
				
			

				
					7.23%
				
			


5 Years

				
					8.66%
				
			

				
					8.66%
				
			


10 Years

				
					5.37%
				
			

				
					5.37%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.80%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.80%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							October 31, 1997
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.74%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.74%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Real Estate Fund charges a 1% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 11:34:20 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                










































RealtyMogul.com™ | Real Estate Crowdfunding & Investing





Skip to main content








Real Estate Crowdfunding









Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 












Commercial Real Estate Investing for AllTM








                125,000 Investors
              

                Have joined RealtyMogul.com.
              

                Have joined Us.
              





                Over $285 Million
              

                Invested on our platform.
              

                Invested with us.
              





                $65 Million
              

                Paid out to RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                Paid out to investors.
              





                $0 Principal Lost
              

                By RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                By investors.
              






 



 















"Realty Mogul has so far raised more than $200 million to finance more than 330 properties since its launch in 2013."
  



"RealtyMogul.com's purpose is 'access through innovation' with investor protection and compliance as our guiding principles."
  



"... appeals to all skill levels, from first-timers to veteran investors. In just a few clicks, investors can access the best real estate deals."
  





 






How It Works


1. Invest
Invest in crowdfunded commercial real estate opportunities online for as little as $1000.


2. Relax
We collect returns generated from your investment and pay any expenses.


3. Get Paid
You reap the rewards when we distribute the income from your investments.


Get Started For FREENeed Financing? 








Investments on RealtyMogul.com are illiquid and loss of invested capital is possible. 
Please review risk factors for private placements here.
 







Recent Investments



 





        $3,510,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Retail
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Prunedale
        


  

 





        $1,010,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Indianapolis
        


  

 





        $1,240,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Marietta
        


  

 





        $2,040,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Chicago
        


  

 





        $2,190,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            San Antonio
        


  

 





        $2,020,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Oak Harbor
        


  

 





        $1,515,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Fayetteville
        


  

 





        $710,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Hollywood
        


  

 





        $1,210,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Houston
        


  

 





        $1,525,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Rolling Meadows
        


  



























 
 








Become a Commercial Real Estate Investor Today
Join Now For FREE 



 



 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


















































































Get Real Estate Financing | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Get Financing



How much are you looking to finance? 

 Debt or Equity?DebtEquity




 

 
 







Looking to Invest?
Start Here
 







Joint Venture Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Equity Contribution:
Up to 90% of equity


IRR:
13% +


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise J.V. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Preferred Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Pref. Equity Contribution:
Up to 85% of cost


Rate:
11 - 13%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise Pref. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Commercial Bridge Loans
$1MM - $25MM




Loan to Cost:
Up to 85%


Loan to Value:
Up to 75%


Rate:
5 - 10%


Term:
12 - 36 Months


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Type:
Recourse and Non-Recourse




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More




Mezzanine Debt
$1MM - $5MM




Mezzanine Contribution:
Up to 80%


Rate:
10 - 12%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
35 - 45 days




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More


 




Looking to Invest?
Start Here 




More than $285 Million Financed to Date for 350+ Properties
 




Selected Transactions




$3,510,000
Equity Purchase
Prunedale, CA
Safeway & CVS Retail Center





$2,100,000
Commercial Loan
Bel Air, CA
5 Unit Multifamily




Finance My Next Project

 




Real Estate Lending Simplified.
Start Here 



Featured Articles




   
 RealtyMogul.com Named a Top Tech Company to Work For - Top Tech Company to Work For

In a recent Built in Los Angeles article...  

   
 News Recap: Largest Real Estate Loan Funded... - Largest Real Estate Loan Funded

Just in case you missed it, here’s a...  

   
 What Do Investors Need to Know About Crowdfunding?  - Crowdfunding

Featured in Bisnow.com

Crowdfunding platforms have...  

   
 RealtyMogul.com’s Newly Redesigned About Us Page  - About Us

If you’ve never read about how RealtyMogul.com came to be,...  

   
 CEO Jilliene Helman Featured on ABC15 Arizona - Jilliene Helman recently discussed her role as CEO and founder of...  

 

 
 

 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software






















































