

Home





























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US




























A disciplined process.
   
An independent perspective.
  
A commitment to putting clients first.
  
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP is one of Colorado’s largest independent investment advisory firms, working with individuals, their families, and the foundations and corporations they lead.
With 18 team members and offices in Aspen and Denver, we serve clients across the United States and currently oversee approximately $1.5 billion in managed assets.




News


Obermeyer Recognized by Barron’s as One of America’s Top Advisors
March 4, 2017


Ali Phillips Among Forbes’ Top Women Wealth Advisors
February 28, 2017

View the News Archive



Commentary


Quarterly Newsletter: Summer 2017
Quarterly Newsletter: Spring 2017

View the Commentary Archive




Sign Up for Our Commentary























This field is intended to catch out spammers - please leave it blank.









SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







Our Team

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





Our Team


	While featuring a diversity of experience and talent, our team is united through the common goal of serving our clients’ investment needs. We believe our dedication to a disciplined investment process and tailored advice helps investors achieve their long-term goals.

Click on pictures for biographies.



Executive Committee
Wally Obermeyer
George F. Wood
Skip Dines
Ali Flynn Phillips




Investments and Client Advisory
Maia Babbs
Joe Chin
Roger Hennefeld
Dana Nightingale
Tod Wood



Compliance
Charlton Rugg





Client Services and Operations
Mary A. Elisberg
Christine Goodendorf
Molly A. Hartzler
Danby Seldin Minor
Kimbo Brown-Schirato
Elise A. Wood
Jody Dible
Naomi Seldin










Wally Obermeyer, Co-Chairman and President
> Partner
Wally serves as the firm’s co-chairman and president, overseeing our operations, managing client relationships, and spearheading strategic initiatives.
Wally founded Obermeyer Asset Management in 1997 after serving as regional vice president of Heritage Trust and Asset Management from 1994 to 1997. He has a broad range of business and financial experience including managing his family’s ski apparel business and founding a hydroelectric generation company. Wally earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA, cum laude, from Harvard College. He also serves as a trustee of the Gates Family Foundation and as a board member for both the Denver Museum of Nature and Science Foundation and the Aspen Center for Environmental Studies. Representing our firm, Wally has been recognized repeatedly as a top financial advisor, most recently appearing in Forbes’ 2016 "Top Wealth Advisors" list, Barron’s 2016 and 2017 "America’s Top Financial Advisors" rankings, and Barron’s 2016 "Top 100 Independent Advisors" list.
info@obermeyerwood.com








George F. Wood, CFA, Co-Chairman
> Partner
George is our firm’s co-chairman, steering our investment team.
In 1982, George founded Wood Investment Counsel, LLC to provide independent investment management.  He began his investment career in 1969 as an investment analyst with Stein Roe & Farnham, a leading investment advisory firm in Chicago, later becoming a partner of the firm.  He was subsequently with State Farm Insurance, where he was responsible for investment analysis and portfolio management. George was awarded an MBA from the University of Chicago and a PE (Professional Engineering) degree in chemical engineering from the Colorado School of Mines.  He also serves on the Colorado School of Mines Foundation Board of Governors and is chairman of the Investment Committee.
info@obermeyerwood.com








Lee (Skip) W. Dines, Jr., Senior Vice President
> Partner
Skip manages client relationships, working with individuals, multi-generational families, trusts, pension and profit-sharing plans, and foundations.
Skip has almost thirty years of investment management experience in the Denver area.  From 1986 to 1997 he served as an officer, fixed-income research analyst, securities trader, and member of the Investment Committee for Tempest, Isenhart, Chafee, Lansdowne and Associates, one of Denver’s leading independent investment advisors at the time. He was a partner at Davis Capital Management, LLC from 1997 until its merger with Wood Investment Counsel in 2012.  Skip received a BS in biology from Lewis and Clark College. He is a regular member of the Denver Society of Security Analysts and the CFA Institute.
skip@obermeyerwood.com








Ali Flynn Phillips, Senior Vice President
> Partner
Ali manages client relationships, working closely with individuals and multi-generational families, and advises on asset allocation and investment strategy. She also helps implement our strategic and marketing initiatives.
Ali has worked in the financial industry for over two decades, joining Obermeyer in 2005. Previously, as a vice president at Goldman Sachs, she worked in debt capital markets and corporate derivatives and on the Fixed Income division's internal strategy team. Earlier, at Salomon Brothers in the U.S. and London, Ali advised corporate clients on strategic alliances, risk-management policies, and capital-raising transactions. Ali earned her BA, cum laude, from Middlebury College with honors in economics. She serves as a board member and treasurer for the Aspen Center for Environmental Studies Endowment Fund and for Theatre Aspen, and is on the advisory board for the Vanguard Group of the Aspen Institute. Ali was included in Forbes’ 2017 "America’s Top Women Advisors" list.
ali@obermeyerwood.com








Maia Babbs, CFA, Vice President, Investments and Client Advisory
Maia performs security analysis and manages client relationships. Maia has sixteen years of broad financial industry experience. Most recently, she served as an equity research analyst at Janus Capital, focusing on the global financial sector with an emphasis on investment banks, insurance, and specialty financial firms. Her prior experience includes working as an equity research analyst at Denver Investment Advisors, serving as a senior associate at investment banking firm Green Manning and Bunch, Ltd., and as an associate in Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.’s debt capital markets group. Maia received her BA in foreign affairs from the University of Virginia and her Master of Arts of Law and Diplomacy (International Affairs) with a concentration in international economics and finance from The Fletcher School, Tufts University. Appointed in 2015, Maia serves as a commissioner for the Colorado Commission on Higher Education.
maia@obermeyerwood.com








Joseph S. Chin, CFA, Vice President, Investments
> Partner
Joe performs security analysis across several sectors, with an emphasis on the technology, energy, and industrial sectors.
Joe has over seventeen years of investment experience.  He began his career as a corporate finance analyst with Lehman Brothers.  Subsequently, he joined Marsico Capital Management becoming a senior research analyst, providing in-depth research on a broad variety of companies.  He then served as senior research analyst with AIM Investments and assisted with the management of several AIM mutual funds.  Prior to joining Wood Investment Counsel, Mr. Chin served as co-portfolio manager of the Dreyfus Founders Mid-Cap Mutual Fund.  Joe received a BA with honors from Wesleyan University.
joe@obermeyerwood.com








Roger Hennefeld, CFA, Vice President, Trading and Investments
Roger oversees the firm's trading operations, fixed income portfolio and performance reporting, while also managing select client relationships.
Roger has worked in the financial sector since 1984, joining Obermeyer as one of the firm’s first team members in 1998. Previously, Roger was employed with ASB Capital Management and, later, with Columbia Partners, LLC as a fixed income and equity analyst providing quantitative portfolio and security analytics. He was also an equity trader and did econometric modeling at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s. Roger holds an MBA in finance from the University of Colorado and a BS in mathematics from the University of Delaware.
roger@obermeyerwood.com








Dana Gleason Nightingale, CFA, Vice President, Investments and Client Advisory
Dana performs security analysis and manages client relationships, primarily in Denver and the Front Range. She also works with clients across the firm on analyzing their overall financial situation and goals.
Dana has eight years of financial-sector experience. Before joining Obermeyer, she specialized in capital markets and investor relations, holding positions at Intelsat, Washington Real Estate Investment Trust, and Ford Motor Company. Dana earned her MBA in finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a BBA in finance and political science from the University of Notre Dame.
dana@obermeyerwood.com








G. Tod Wood, CFA, Vice President, Investments
> Partner
Tod is a dedicated research analyst focusing on the financial, software, technology, and healthcare sectors.
Tod has over two decades of investment management experience, beginning as an analyst for ING Barings Securities in Tokyo in 1994, where he served as senior economist and analyst for the financial and telecommunications sectors.  Subsequently, he joined JP Morgan Fleming in London as a portfolio manager for Japanese equities and then served as analyst/portfolio manager for Tokyo-based Whitney & Co., a leading Japanese hedge fund.  Tod received a BA in Asian studies from Pomona College and an MA in international relations from The Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies.
tod@obermeyerwood.com








Charlton Rugg, Chief Compliance Officer
Charlton directs our compliance program and serves as a general resource on regulatory and legal matters. Charlton has extensive experience in securities regulation and law. Prior to joining Obermeyer Wood, he founded C.A. Rugg Advisory Services LLC, a Denver-based private law practice providing representation and advice on regulatory and business matters. Previous positions also include serving as senior counsel in FINRA’s Enforcement Department, as an assistant U.S. attorney in the District of New Jersey’s U.S. Attorney’s Office, and as an associate at Simpson Thatcher & Bartlet, LLP in New York City. Charlton is a graduate of the University of Colorado School of Law and received his undergraduate degree in philosophy from Brown University.
charlton@obermeyerwood.com








Mary A. Elisberg, Vice President, Client Services
> Partner
Mary is responsible for the administration of client services in the Denver office.
Mary joined Wood Investment Counsel in 1993 and has over thirty years of experience in the investment field. Mary has managed the administrative, operations and trading activities of Wood. Previously, she administered over 100 pension accounts for Coughlin Asset Management Group and performed various operational responsibilities for the Asset Management Group. Mary earned her bachelor's degree in management/accounting from Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan.
mary@obermeyerwood.com








Christine Goodendorf, Associate, Finance
Chris oversees our firm’s finance and business operations while also performing certain trading and reconciliation functions.
Chris has over twenty years of experience in the financial sector. Prior to joining Obermeyer in 1997, Chris provided accounting support for Bank of Aspen and World Wide Ski Corporation.
chris@obermeyerwood.com








Molly A. Hartzler, Associate, Client Services
Molly is responsible for the administration of client accounts. She also assists in trading and operational areas.
Molly joined Wood in 2009 with over twenty-one years of financial and investment management operations experience.  She began her financial career at Wells Fargo in the trust administration area.  Subsequently, she held a position in investment management operations at PVG Asset Management in Golden, Colorado.
molly@obermeyerwood.com








Danby Seldin Minor, Associate, Communications and Operations
Danby orchestrates our client communications and the firm’s marketing initiatives, and assists with select firm operations, including managing our technology and information systems.
Danby previously worked as a writing consultant for the University of North Carolina in Greensboro and, later, as an English teacher and private tutor for the Greensboro Day School. Danby graduated summa cum laude from The University of North Carolina, Greensboro with full university honors.
danby@obermeyerwood.com








Kimbo Brown-Schirato, Associate, Client Services
Kimbo supports client relationship management and is the primary contact for liquidity requests and retirement plan distributions.
Originally from South Africa, she has lived in the Roaring Fork Valley since 2006. Kimbo brings experience in the non-profit and hospitality sectors, most recently working as Aspen Youth Experience’s business manager, where she was responsible for bookkeeping, financial reporting, and human resource management.  She earned her BBS from the University of Cape Town with honors in marketing and economics. Kimbo is a board member of the Aspen Community Foundation.
kimbo@obermeyerwood.com








Elise A. Wood, Associate, Client Services
Elise manages multiple aspects of our client accounts including set-up, reconciliation, and ongoing maintenance, and serves as a primary point of contact with third-party custodians. She also handles various aspects of our SEC compliance.
Elise brings extensive experience in the independent investment advisory business, most recently serving as a client service representative with The Milestone Group.  A native of Ohio, Elise earned her BS from the College of Charleston.
elise@obermeyerwood.com








Jody Dible, Assistant, Client Services
Jody Dible, based in Obermeyer Wood’s Aspen office, works closely with our team in the areas of general support and client services. She has extensive operations and support experience, including positions at Shamrock Foods, Four Corners Properties in Basalt, and CenturyLink. Her background includes computer science, information technology, and software development studies at Arizona State University.
jody@obermeyerwood.com








Naomi Seldin, Assistant, Client Services
Naomi Seldin, based in Obermeyer Wood’s Denver office, assists with client services and office administration. She has more than a decade of communications and administrative support experience, including positions at Cornell University’s Alumni Affairs office, newspapers in New York and New Jersey, and a financial news service in Washington, D.C. She has a BA degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder.
naomi@obermeyerwood.com






SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







Forms

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





Forms
ADV Part 1 (Search for Obermeyer Wood)Form ADV Part 2 BrochurePrivacy Policy
Important Disclosure Information
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP (“Obermeyer Wood”) is an SEC registered investment advisory headquartered in Aspen, Colorado. Obermeyer Wood and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers by those states in which Obermeyer Wood maintains clients. Obermeyer Wood may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements.
Obermeyer Wood’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of Obermeyer Wood’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer or prospective client as Obermeyer Wood’s solicitation to effect or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Obermeyer Wood with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative who is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides.
For information pertaining to the registration status of Obermeyer Wood, please contact the SEC or the state securities regulators for those states in which Obermeyer Wood maintains a notice filing. A copy of Obermeyer Wood’s current written disclosure statement discussing its business operations, services, and fees is available from Obermeyer Wood upon written request.
Obermeyer Wood does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Obermeyer Wood web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefore. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
Please remember that different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that the future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including those undertaken or recommended by Obermeyer Wood), will be profitable or equal any historical performance level(s).
Certain portions of Obermeyer Wood’s web site (i.e. newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, or provide access to, Obermeyer Wood (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) or recommendation(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Obermeyer Wood, or from any other investment professional. Obermeyer Wood is neither an attorney nor an accountant, and no portion of the web site content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice.
Rankings or recognition by unaffiliated rating services or publications should not be construed by a client or prospective client as a guarantee that he/she will experience a certain level of results if Obermeyer Wood is engaged, or continues to be engaged, to provide investment advisory services, nor should it be construed as a current or past endorsement of Obermeyer Wood by any of its clients.  Rankings published by magazines, and others, generally base their selections exclusively on information prepared and submitted by the recognized adviser. Rankings are generally limited to participating advisers.
To the extent that any client or prospective client uses any economic calculator or similar interactive device contained within or linked to Obermeyer Wood’s web site, the client or prospective client acknowledges and understands that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator or device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Obermeyer Wood, or from any other investment professional.
Each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to Obermeyer Wood’s web site, to release and hold harmless Obermeyer Wood, its officers, directors, owners, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from Obermeyer Wood.


SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







News Archive

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





News Archive

Obermeyer Recognized by Barron’s as One of America’s Top Advisors (March 4, 2017)
	

Ali Phillips Among Forbes’ Top Women Wealth Advisors (February 28, 2017)
	

Obermeyer Recognized in Barron’s Top 100 Independent Advisors (September 6, 2016)
	

Obermeyer Wood Included in Forbes’ 2016 Ranking of Top Wealth Advisors (August 23, 2016)
	

PRESS RELEASE: Obermeyer Wood Recognized by Barron’s as One of the Nation’s Top Advisors (March 14, 2016)
	

Obermeyer Wood Featured in Bloomberg Business: “Investors Unchain Themselves From ETFs” (December 7, 2015)
	

PRESS RELEASE: Wally Obermeyer Ranked Among Nation’s Top Independent Advisors (September 1, 2015)
	

Obermeyer Wood’s Denver Office Moves to New Location (August 24, 2015)
	

Wally Obermeyer Recognized by Barron’s as One of the Nation’s Top Advisors (March 5, 2015)
	

Obermeyer Wood featured in WSJ: “Will Wildcatter’s ‘Naked’ Gamble on Oil Prices Pay Off?” (December 9, 2014)
	

ASPEN TIMES: “Aspen-based Obermeyer merges with Denver’s Wood Investment Council” (October 9, 2014)
	

DENVER BUSINESS JOURNAL: “Obermeyer, Wood investment firms merge; now in Denver’s top 10” (October 6, 2014)
	

PRESS RELEASE: Top Investment Advisory Firms in Denver Announce Merger (October 6, 2014)
	

FINANCIAL ADVISOR: “Wood Investment Counsel And Obermeyer Asset Management Merge” (October 6, 2014)
	


SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







Contact Us

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





Contact Us

	We recognize that investment philosophies and experience all play into an investor's decision to partner with an adviser. But ultimately, it's a personal choice based on the strength of relationship. For us it begins with a more in-depth conversation about your financial picture and goals. We are sensitive to and respectful of your time, and all information is held in the strictest confidence. To find out more, please contact us by phone at one of the numbers below or by e-mail at info@obermeyerwood.com.


		Aspen

		Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel
		Obermeyer Place
		501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107
		Aspen, Colorado 81611
Phone: 970.925.8747
Fax: 970.925.8723

Click here for map and directions.




		Denver

		Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel
		200 Columbine Street, Suite 600
		Denver, Colorado 80206
Phone: 303.321.8188
Fax: 303.321.8055
		 

Click here for map and directions.




		 

		Careers/ Job Openings

		We appreciate your interest in our firm. We currently don’t have any openings. However, you are welcome to submit your resume and a cover letter by emailing: opportunities@obermeyerwood.com.


	 


SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







Our Services

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





Our Services

	At Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, our services are designed to address each client’s unique financial situation. We invite you to have a no-obligation, confidential discussion about how we might work together. Contact Us


We work with the following clients:


			Individuals and families

			Business owners and entrepreneurs

			Family offices

			Corporate trustees

			Non-profit organizations




We offer the following services:


			Investment advisory
			

					Asset allocation

					Stock and bond selection

					Portfolio management

					Risk assessment

					Distribution needs



			Guidance during life and wealth changes

			Retirement Planning

			Philanthropic advisory

			Investment policy formation and management

			Ongoing communication and reporting

			Coordination with your other trusted advisors (e.g., accountant, attorney)




We manage the following account types*:


			Individual and joint

			Trust

			Retirement/ERISA plans

			Corporate

			Custodial

			Endowment

			Foundation

			Estate



	*Client accounts are placed at third-party custodians and are not held in-house at Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP.


SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188







About Us

























Client Access

Home  |  Forms





ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
PHILOSOPHY & APPROACH
OUR SERVICES
CONTACT US





About Us
Offices: Aspen and Denver, CO
Managed Assets: $1.5 billion
Type: Registered Investment Adviser
Average Relationship: $2-10 million
History: Formed on October 1, 2014, through the union of Obermeyer Asset Management and Wood Investment Counsel, LLC

With roots dating back to 1982, Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel is deeply committed to delivering sound, thoughtful investment advice designed to preserve and grow your net worth.
Integrity and openness are founding principles and critical components of our firm's success. Being structured as an independent investment adviser encourages objectivity, clarity, and has the benefit of added safeguards:

We are a fiduciary, bound by law to put our clients' best interests above all else.
Client accounts are placed at third-party custodians and are not held in-house at Obermeyer Wood.
Our fees are based on assets under management, better aligning our interests with yours.

We are proud to be an independent investment firm and believe our structure promotes objectivity, clarity, and a client-focused approach.


SITE MAPPlease read our Forms and Disclosure information before proceeding.
ASPEN  501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107 | Aspen, Colorado 81611 | 970.925.8747
DENVER  200 Columbine Street, Suite 600 | Denver, Colorado 80206 | 303.321.8188





﻿

























Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Buys 6,460 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (NYSE:OAK) Shares Bought by Moon Capital Management LLC
JAKKS Pacific’s (NASDAQ:JAKK) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ICPT) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC
Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE:BDN) Upgraded by Mizuho to “Buy”
Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $253,000 Position in Centene Corporation (CNC)
Teledyne Technologies (NYSE:TDY) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.44
Performance Food Group (PFGC) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Medpace Holdings, Inc. Lifted by Analyst (MEDP)
Assetmark Inc. Reduces Stake in Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX)
TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) is Cabot Wealth Management Inc.’s 10th Largest Position
Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Has $6.21 Million Stake in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)
Davidson & Garrard Inc. Cuts Position in Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F)
Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) Position Decreased by Garrison Financial Corp
Bahl & Gaynor Inc. Sells 11,928 Shares of Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY)
Norinchukin Bank The Has $5.19 Million Position in Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN)
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Takes Position in Kearny Financial (NASDAQ:KRNY)
Great Lakes Advisors LLC Has $26.02 Million Position in Norfolk Souther Corporation (NYSE:NSC)
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Buys 6,460 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.11 (ETB)
Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Purchases New Position in Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W)


 


Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Buys 6,460 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp boosted its position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 3.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 206,710 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 6,460 shares during the period. Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $5,707,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of EPD. Sunbelt Securities Inc. raised its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 8,124 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $224,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Trust Co raised its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Trust Co now owns 10,808 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 45 shares during the period. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC raised its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.6% in the first quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 8,639 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $239,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the period. WealthTrust Axiom LLC raised its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.3% in the first quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 31,057 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $857,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the period. Finally, Mycio Wealth Partners LLC raised its stake in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.3% in the first quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 12,615 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $348,000 after buying an additional 156 shares during the period. 38.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) traded down 1.30% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $27.32. 3,662,686 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average of $26.93 and a 200-day moving average of $27.49. The company has a market capitalization of $58.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.12 and a beta of 0.89. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a one year low of $24.01 and a one year high of $30.25. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.05 billion. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The business’s revenue was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.33 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be paid a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. This is a positive change from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.15%. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio is 133.87%. 
WARNING: “Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Buys 6,460 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd-position-boosted-by-obermeyer-wood-investment-counsel-lllp-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on EPD shares. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. Scotiabank reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday. Macquarie reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $32.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a report on Friday, April 21st. BidaskClub raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $26.37 to $26.50 in a report on Thursday, June 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $32.05.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Walter Obermeyer, Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Walter "Wally" Obermeyer

Co-Chairman/President/Partner,
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp






Career History




Co-Chairman/President/Partner
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp, 10/2014-PRESENT


President/Founder
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp, UNKNOWN-10/2014


Regional Vice President
Heritage Trust & Asset Mgmt, 1994-1997


Founder
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp, 1997-UNKNOWN


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Harvard College
Bachelor's Degree


Harvard Business School
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Gates Family Foundation


Trustee, PRESENT




Denver Museum of Nature & Science


Board Member, PRESENT




Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp


Co-Chairman, 10/2014-PRESENT



Show More





Other Memberships




Aspen Buddy Program 


Trustee









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) Position Increased by Meridian Investment Counsel Inc































Home » 
Markets




Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) Position Increased by Meridian Investment Counsel Inc




				 27 July, 2017,  15:29 | Author: Terri Saunders			













Comcast Corp's CMCSA.O quarterly results topped Wall Street analysts' estimates on higher revenue in its filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses, even as the No. 1 USA cable operator lost video subscribers. Comcast Corp New now has $189.61B valuation. Trading volume was down 99.43% under the stocks average daily volume. "While U.S. pay TV market pressure is unlikely to abate, and the second quarter is traditionally the weakest quarter seasonally, we do expect major cable operators, and in particular Comcast, to continue to take share, given improved video products and their advantage in broadband", Jayant wrote in a note to investors. It has outperformed by 12.26% the S&P500. The current consensus recommendation provided by covering analysts is 2.60. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-four have given a buy rating to the company. Therefore 100% are positive. Coca-Cola has $102 highest and $37 lowest target.Shares are trading at $39.75 a tad under the 50 day moving average of $39.91 and which is marginally higher than the 200 day moving average of $38.43. They issued a "buy" rating and a $51.00 price objective on the stock. The firm earned "Sector Weight" rating on Friday, January 27 by Pacific Crest. Credit Suisse downgraded the shares of UBNT in report on Friday, February 10 to "Underperform" rating. As per Monday, January 4, the company rating was maintained by Macquarie Research. The firm has "Hold" rating by Loop Capital given on Thursday, August 11. The rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets on Monday, July 27 with "Outperform".04/28/2017 - Comcast Corporation had its " rating reiterated by analysts at Telsey Advisory Group. HSBC initiated the stock with "Buy" rating in Thursday, January 19 report. The stock of Nordstrom, Inc.Investors sentiment increased to 0.96 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.01, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. Bb&T Corporation holds 0.48% or 341,623 shares. This represents a $0.63 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.60%. If the share price is now hovering near the 52 week low and the value is achieved in the current past then it can suggest that the price of the shares is likely to go up. About 1.46M shares traded.Comcast Corp. (CMCSA - Free Report) is the largest cable MSO (multi service operator) in the USA and a leading media and entertainment company. Bacon now owns $1,085,886 of stock as recorded in a recent Form 4 SEC filing. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a "buy" rating and issued a $47.00 price objective on shares of Comcast Corporation in a research report on Friday, July 7th. Taurus Asset Management Ltd Limited Liability Company has invested 0.23% in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc divested its holdings by shedding 143,428 shares a decrease of 1.9% in the quarter. Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft Mbh holds 253,321 shares. Blackrock Lc reported 0% in TrueCar Inc (NASDAQ:TRUE). City Holding Co. increased its stake in Comcast Corporation by 4.4% in the second quarter. Therefore 83% are positive. Analysts forecast that Comcast Corporation will post $1.99 EPS for the current fiscal year.Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The rating was maintained by FBR Capital on Friday, February 24 with "Outperform". The rating was upgraded by Moffett Nathanson on Wednesday, August 19 to "Buy". ValuEngine upgraded Comcast Corporation from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. The company was maintained on Friday, July 24 by UBS. At the time of writing, the First Call consensus price target for the company is $45.61. The rating was maintained by Goldman Sachs on Wednesday, June 29 with "Neutral". The firm has "Hold" rating by Commerzbank given on Tuesday, May 3.
New Documentary Examines the Complex Relationship Between Jay-Z and Kanye West
					The culmination of their musical partnership came in the form of the 2011 Watch The Throne collaborative LP. You still ain't called me", West says in the unforgettable clip.
					Since January 27, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 10 selling transactions for $19.14 million activity. Meridian Investment Counsel Inc.'s holdings in Comcast Corporation were worth $2,402,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) opened at 39.75 on Wednesday. 33,000 shares were sold by Smit Neil, worth $1.24M on Wednesday, March 1. Washington Tru National Bank & Trust reported 0.12% in Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA).Analysts await TETRA Technologies, Inc.The research cites press reports that indicate Verizon could be open to a deal with Disney (DIS), CBS (CBS) or Comcast. The business's quarterly revenue was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. The cable giant reported $0.53 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.44 by $0.09. Woodstock invested in 1.39% or 99,521 shares. Neuberger Berman Limited invested in 0.01% or 80,946 shares. Adirondack Research & Management Inc. owns 634,465 shares or 1.08% of their United States portfolio.Investors are a little more bullish on shares of Comcast Corporation as shown by the motion in short interest. 21,652 were accumulated by Marshall & Sullivan Wa. The California-based Menta Cap has invested 0.03% in Revlon Inc (NYSE:REV). Fmr Lc reported 0.46% stake. Obermeyer Wood Invest Counsel Lllp, Colorado-based fund reported 148,827 shares. Kames Cap Public Ltd reported 538,629 shares stake. 672,105 are held by Dimensional Fund Advsr Ltd Partnership. Moreover, Oakmont has 0.05% invested in TrueCar Inc (NASDAQ:TRUE). (NYSE:JWN) for 109,414 shares. Capstone Inv Ltd reported 0.01% of its portfolio in TrueCar Inc (NASDAQ:TRUE). (NYSE:JWN) for 1,930 shares. Company insiders own 1.28% of the company's stock. The stock increased 4.10% or $0.82 during the last trading session, reaching $20.81.About 108,996 shares traded. Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) has risen 12.95% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending.

 

Recommended:









27 July 2017




Whitley County man arrested on child porn charges
				If anyone has further information on the case, they are encouraged to contact the Internal Affairs Criminal Unit at 415-882-8420. The 10-year veteran of the force was taken into custody on suspicion of felony possession of child pornography.			








27 July 2017




Marjorie Prime trailer, starring Jon Hamm as caring AI
				Eighty-six-year-old Marjorie spends her final, ailing days with a computerized version of her deceased husband. Each person brings their experience to it... it's fascinating how differently people take this film.			








27 July 2017




White House hails Israel's dismantling of Temple Mount metal detectors
				The security move touched off the bloodiest clashes between Israelis and Palestinians for years. Muslims believe the site marks the spot from which the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven.			










27 July 2017




Meg Whitman steps down from HP's board
				Whitman's step down from HP Inc's board comes as rumours persist that she may be leaving HPE too, in order to become CEO of Uber . According to Bloomberg's sources, Uber has drawn up a short list of fewer than six CEO candidates , one of which is Whitman.			








27 July 2017




Kate Hudson Shaves Her Head For Role In Sia's Secret Project
				Demi Moore , Charlize Theron , Kristen Stewart , Eleven ( Stranger Things , duh) and now Kate Hudson .  Kate Hudson has shaved her head for a new film role, and she showed off the results on Instagram .			








27 July 2017




Broncos rumors: Trevor Siemian getting first-team reps
				But the Patriots are considered the gold standard, while the Broncos are now regarded as chopped liver. Elway does not bow to the Patriots' greatness and refuses to kiss Brady's ring.			










27 July 2017




Indian women's cricket team felicitated by Sports Minister Vijay Goel
				In addition to that, the Committee of Administrators (CoA) has decided Rs 25 lakh for the support staff. So, I want to congratulate Mithali Raj and her entire team.			








27 July 2017




WhatsApp now boasts of 1 billion daily active users
				Kaizala also allows users to create polls, documents, conduct surveys and share the results on the groups onece task is completed. WhatsApp has seen a rapid increase in Status users, with Facebook disclosing 175 million DAUs during its Q1 call back in May.			








27 July 2017




MLB Trade rumors: Colorado Rockies acquire Pat Neshek
				They had hoped Adam Ottavino would provide that bridge, but Ottavino has struggled with control and his ERA has soared to 5.50. The side-armed right-hander has an odd delivery that begins like a submarine pitcher's, but finishes like that of a sidearmer.			










27 July 2017




Two former Omaha police officers facing assault charges
				Prosecutors said the assaults occurred after the man had been picked up by officers and was in the process of being released. Part of the encounter was caught on a dashboard camera of a police vehicle and shown during the news conference .			








27 July 2017




Rimi Tomy Not Quizzed, Called up for Info
				Kavya, herself a popular actress, was reportedly quizzed by the police at Dileep's house in Aluva for almost six hours on Tuesday.  There are some reports suggesting the investigating team will question Rimi and Dileep's wife Kavya Madhavan again.			








27 July 2017




Body camera video shows Florida officer wrangle gator
				Vargas didn't want that to happen so he put the gator in the back of his police auto , drove to a nearby canal, and released her. It normally gets alligators to react because they're very protective of their young", said Vargas.			





















Popular





NY  outlines $8.8 bln plan to overhaul subway

		This new plan will cost hundreds of millions of dollars and already there is push back, especially from the city. Our elected officials now have to step up and provide the necessary funding to get the job done.  
		

Seven killed in Mumbai building collapse (Lead) (With Images)

		The Shiv Sena's Sunil Prabhu struck a cautious note. "If Shitap is found guilty after the probe, we will not defend him", he said. The Loud sound of people also screams within the building after the collapse .  
		

Could Sean Spicer be the next 'Dancing With The Stars' contestant?

		Rick Perry , the energy secretary and former governor of Texas, competed last fall but was eliminated in the second round. Page Six suggested that Spicer is seeking a job in broadcast news after his departure from the White House.  
		

Northbound I-15 reopens after crash, vehicle fire in SLC

		Four people were killed when a small plane crashed on I-15 northbound at Riverdale Rd.in Weber County Wednesday afternoon. The crash closed the northbound lanes of I-15 and all but one southbound lane for seven hours, DPS tweeted.  
		

Love Island's Chris Hughes bravely reveals major health battle

		A source said recently: "Top record companies have approached Kem and Chris as a duo and there are big offers on the table". Although she lives in Guildford and Chris in Cheltenham, she is happily planning to stay on his family's farm.  
		

Moto Z² Force Release Date Confirmed, Special Pre-order Offers Available Now

		The primary camera sports a 12MP RGB with f/2.0 aperture, the secondary sensor boasts a 12MP monochrome with an aperture of f/2.0. As reported by GSM Arena, T-Mobile is offering a great deal for the Moto Z2 Force smartphone , a buy one, get one free deal.  
		

Swimming-Supreme Ledecky better prepared for tough schedule

		That's not to say she'll never break another world record, or that she's destined to become an average swimmer in the near future. Ledecky said after the race that she didn't feel like herself and was "scrambling" later on.  
		

Buffalo Wild Wings misses Street 2Q forecasts

		Adjusted for non-recurring and non-cash items, Buffalo Wild Wings' earnings per share declined 50.7% year over year to $0.66. The stock of Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) earned "Underweight" rating by Barclays Capital on Tuesday, August 16.  
		

Donald Trump Jr. adds DC-based attorney to legal team

		Manafort was one of three top Trump campaign aides who attended a meeting in NY a year ago with a group of Russian advocates.  
		

Dozen rescued at sea after sailboat capsizes off Cape

		The other 11 people - eight children and three adults - who were rescued after the capsizing were accounted for. Authorities say the boy was airlifted to a Boston hospital, where his current condition is unknown.  
		







 


Latest






Ro Arrested for Aggravated Assault




Dunkirk Veteran Says He's 'Privileged' to See Christopher Nolan Film




Rick and Morty season 3 to air weekly on UK Netflix




Meizu Pro 7 and Pro 7 Plus announced




Three Directors Emerge As Frontrunners To Direct Bond 25




DPRK's vice foreign minister visits Philippines




John McCain gives speech on how politics should be




This is how the NSA would resolve the Doklam standoff




National Weather Service advises precaution in extreme heat




Victims identified in fatal, wrong-way crash on Rt. 50 in Annapolis







Tendencies






Deutsche Bank in profit pickup as revenue drops




Aussie Tumbles on Soft Australian CPI Data




Sushil Modi, In The Spotlight, Announces Achhe Din In Bihar




Airbus cuts superjumbo A380 production again




Flipkart's improved offer for eCommerce rival Snapdeal has been accepted








 







 ﻿

























Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Sells 150 Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Caterpillar Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Caterpillar Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)’s (GS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Capital One Financial Corporation
Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Symrise AG (SY1) a €56.00 Price Target
Aercap Holdings N.V. (AER) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company
Patterson-UTI Energy’s (PTEN) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect QAD (QADA) Stock Price
OGE Energy Corporation (NYSE:OGE) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.31
Patterson Companies (NASDAQ:PDCO) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.28
Merge Healthcare (NASDAQ:MRGE) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds
LaSalle Hotel Properties (NYSE:LHO) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
NCI, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCIT) Given “Buy” Rating at Cowen and Company
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Sells 150 Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT)
Bruderman Asset Management LLC Sells 2,225 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (RARE) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA Sells 555 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW)
Dow Chemical Company (The) (NYSE:DOW) Shares Bought by Parkside Financial Bank & Trust
The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Stake Boosted by First National Trust Co.
Compton Capital Management Inc. RI Holds Position in NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. (TSE:KLG) Given a C$15.25 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts
Encana Corp (TSE:ECA) Stock Rating Upgraded by TD Securities
58.com Inc. (NYSE:WUBA) Lowered to Underweight at Morgan Stanley


 


Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Sells 150 Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp decreased its stake in shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) by 6.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,207 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 150 shares during the period. Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp’s holdings in Caterpillar were worth $205,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 52.0% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 1,087 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 372 shares in the last quarter. First Personal Financial Services increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 167.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,198 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 750 shares in the last quarter. Financial Architects Inc increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 5.7% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,215 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Caterpillar during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Finally, Ledyard National Bank increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 145.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,425 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 845 shares in the last quarter. 70.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) opened at 107.32 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $106.32 and a 200 day moving average of $99.06. Caterpillar, Inc. has a 12-month low of $78.34 and a 12-month high of $110.00. The company’s market cap is $63.22 billion. 


 Get Caterpillar Inc. alerts:



Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.62 by $0.66. The firm had revenue of $9.82 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.27 billion. Caterpillar had a positive return on equity of 16.46% and a negative net margin of 0.38%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.67 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Caterpillar, Inc. will post $4.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, August 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, July 20th will be given a dividend of $0.78 per share. This represents a $3.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, July 18th. This is a boost from Caterpillar’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.77. Caterpillar’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1,155.51%. 
WARNING: This report was reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/caterpillar-inc-cat-shares-sold-by-obermeyer-wood-investment-counsel-lllp-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently weighed in on CAT. UBS AG restated a “neutral” rating and set a $102.00 price objective (up previously from $98.00) on shares of Caterpillar in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Axiom Securities restated a “sell” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Caterpillar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $121.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Vetr upgraded shares of Caterpillar from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $89.96 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price objective on shares of Caterpillar in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, eleven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Caterpillar currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $97.72.
Caterpillar Company Profile
 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 

































Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Eaton Corporation, PLC Company Profile (NYSE:ETN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)
Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. On January 1, 2011, it closed the acquisition of the Tuthill Coupling Group, which is a division of the Tuthill Corporation. It has five segments: Electrical Americas and Electrical Rest of World; Hydraulics; Aerospace; Truck, and Automotive. On October 1, 2010, it acquired CopperLogic, Inc. On July 15, 2010, it acquired EMC Engineers, Inc. In May 2011, it acquired Internormen Technology Group. In August 2011, it acquired IE Power, Inc. In December 2011, it acquired E.A. Pedersen Company. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Industrial Products
Industry: Diversified Machinery
Sub-Industry: Electrical Components & Equipment
Symbol: NYSE:ETN
CUSIP: G2918310
Web: www.eaton.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $35.48431 billionOutstanding Shares: 447,299,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $77.96200 Day Moving Avg: $74.5452 Week Range: $59.07 - $81.63


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 18.40Foreward P/E Ratio: 15.40P/E Growth: 1.57Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $19.78 billionPrice / Sales: 1.79Book Value: $33.89 per sharePrice / Book: 2.33Dividend:Annual Dividend: $2.40Dividend Yield: 3.0%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $3.21 billionNet Margins: 9.86%Return on Equity: 12.82%Return on Assets: 6.33%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.44%Current Ratio: 1.26%Quick Ratio: 0.83%Misc:Average Volume: 2.10 million shs.Beta: 1.35Short Ratio: 3.65

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)
What is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock symbol?

Eaton Corporation, PLC trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ETN."



How often does Eaton Corporation, PLC pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Eaton Corporation, PLC?

Eaton Corporation, PLC announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, July 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be given a dividend of $0.60 per share on Friday, August 18th. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 2nd.  View Eaton Corporation, PLC's Dividend History.



How were Eaton Corporation, PLC's earnings last quarter?

Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. The firm earned $4.85 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $4.70 billion. Eaton Corporation, PLC had a return on equity of 12.82% and a net margin of 9.86%. The business's quarterly revenue was up .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.88 EPS.  View Eaton Corporation, PLC's Earnings History.



When will Eaton Corporation, PLC make its next earnings announcement?

Eaton Corporation, PLC is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Monday, July, 31st 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



What guidance has Eaton Corporation, PLC issued on next quarter's earnings?

Eaton Corporation, PLC issued an update on its FY17 earnings guidance on Tuesday, May, 2nd. The company provided EPS guidance of $4.45-4.75 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $4.46. Eaton Corporation, PLC also updated its Q2 guidance to $1.05-1.15 EPS.



Where is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock going? Where will Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price be in 2017?

19 analysts have issued 12 month price objectives for Eaton Corporation, PLC's shares. Their predictions range from $65.00 to $88.00. On average, they expect Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price to reach $77.83 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who are some of Eaton Corporation, PLC's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Eaton Corporation, PLC include Caterpillar (CAT), ABB Ltd (ABB), Illinois Tool Works (ITW), Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI), Deere & Company (DE), Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY), Emerson Electric Company (EMR), Atlas Copco AB (ATLKY), Komatsu (KMTUY), Roper Technologies (ROP), Ingersoll-Rand PLC (Ireland) (IR), Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH), Assa Abloy AB (ASAZY), Stanley Black & Decker (SWK), Rockwell Automation (ROK), Sandvik AB (SDVKY), Tenaris S.A. (TS) and Ball Corporation (BLL).



Who owns Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock is owned by many different of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional shareholders include Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.27%), Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY (0.18%), Aperio Group LLC (0.07%), PGGM Investments (0.06%), CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp (0.06%) and Whittier Trust Co. (0.04%). Company insiders that own Eaton Corporation, PLC stock include Alexander M Cutler, Charles E Golden, Christopher M Connor, Cynthia K Brabander, Deborah L Mccoy, Dorothy C Thompson, Gregory R Page, Ken D Semelsberger, Mark M Mcguire, Michael J Critelli, Revathi Advaithi, Richard H Fearon, Thomas E Moran and Uday Yadav. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who sold Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? Who is selling Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., Barometer Capital Management Inc., Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY, Douglas Lane & Associates LLC, Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX, Boston Advisors LLC, Blue Granite Capital LLC and CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp. Company insiders that have sold Eaton Corporation, PLC stock in the last year include Charles E Golden, Christopher M Connor, Deborah L Mccoy, Ken D Semelsberger, Mark M Mcguire, Michael J Critelli, Revathi Advaithi, Richard H Fearon, Thomas E Moran and Uday Yadav. View Insider Buying and Selling for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



Who bought Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? Who is buying Eaton Corporation, PLC stock?

Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock was bought by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Aperio Group LLC, Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB, Sumitomo Life Insurance Co., Hallmark Capital Management Inc., Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE, Whittier Trust Co., Highland Capital Management LLC and Park National Corp OH. Company insiders that have bought Eaton Corporation, PLC stock in the last two years include Christopher M Connor, Cynthia K Brabander, Dorothy C Thompson and Gregory R Page. View Insider Buying and Selling for Eaton Corporation, PLC.



How do I buy Eaton Corporation, PLC stock? 

Shares of Eaton Corporation, PLC can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Eaton Corporation, PLC's stock price today?

One share of Eaton Corporation, PLC stock can currently be purchased for approximately $79.00.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)Community Ranking:  2.6 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  480 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  429 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  909MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Eaton Corporation, PLC and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 11 Hold Ratings, 7 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.32)Consensus Price Target: $77.83 (1.48% downside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/12/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$78.00Low7/11/2017Wolfe ResearchInitiated CoverageMarket PerformLow7/7/2017Stifel NicolausReiterated RatingHold$80.00Medium6/19/2017JMP SecuritiesInitiated CoverageMkt Perform -> Market PerformMedium5/30/2017ArgusReiterated RatingBuy$83.00 -> $85.00Low5/2/2017Barclays PLCSet Price TargetHold$81.00Low5/2/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingHold$75.00Low4/4/2017Longbow ResearchUpgradeNeutral -> Buy$88.00Medium4/3/2017Citigroup Inc.Boost Price TargetBuy$80.00 -> $86.00Low3/28/2017Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingBuyLow2/3/2017CLSAReiterated RatingUnderperformN/A2/3/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$75.00 -> $70.00N/A2/1/2017Avondale PartnersInitiated CoverageMarket Perform$72.00N/A1/9/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeNeutral -> BuyN/A1/3/2017Vertical ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A12/15/2016Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingMarket PerformN/A12/6/2016AegisInitiated CoverageBuy$80.00N/A10/7/2016HSBC Holdings plcInitiated CoverageBuy$74.00N/A8/25/2016Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHold$65.00N/A5/8/2016Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingBuyN/A5/2/2016Buckingham ResearchBoost Price TargetNeutral$60.00 -> $65.00N/A2/29/2016Robert W. BairdBoost Price Target$52.00 -> $54.00N/A2/17/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A2/4/2016Societe GeneraleLower Price TargetHold$58.00 -> $54.00N/A2/4/2016Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Boost Price TargetNeutral$57.00 -> $58.00N/A10/20/2015Cleveland ResearchDowngradeBuy -> NeutralN/A10/15/2015William BlairDowngradeOutperform -> NeutralN/A8/14/2015Atlantic SecuritiesDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$80.00 -> $65.00N/A(Data available from 7/27/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Earnings History by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/31/2017        5/2/2017Q1 2017$0.87$0.96$4.70 billion$4.85 billionViewN/A2/2/2017Q416$1.10$1.12$4.91 billion$4.90 billionViewListen11/1/2016Q316$1.14$1.15$5.05 billion$5.00 billionViewListen8/2/2016Q216$1.07$1.07$5.06 billion$5.10 billionViewListen4/29/2016Q116$0.85$0.88$4.77 billion$4.81 billionViewN/A2/3/2016Q415$1.10$1.17$5.10 billion$5.10 billionViewN/A10/30/2015Q315$1.00$0.97$5.39 billion$5.20 billionViewN/A7/29/2015Q215$1.13$1.16$5.50 billion$5.37 billionViewListen4/29/2015Q115$0.98$1.01$5.30 billion$5.20 billionViewN/A2/3/2015Q414$1.20$1.27$5.60 billion$5.57 billionViewListen10/29/2014Q314$1.23$1.29$5.80 billion$5.73 billionViewN/A7/29/2014Q214$1.11$1.11$5.78 billion$5.77 billionViewListen4/29/2014Q114$1.00$1.01$5.49 billion$5.49 billionViewListen2/4/2014Q413$1.06$1.08$5.55 billion$5.50 billionViewN/A10/25/2013Q313$1.12$1.15$5.70 billion$5.61 billionViewN/A8/2/2013Q2 2013$1.11$1.09$5.78 billion$5.60 billionViewN/A4/29/2013Q1 2013$0.79$0.84$5.42 billion$5.31 billionViewN/A2/5/2013Q4 2012$0.93$0.82$4.25 billion$4.33 billionViewN/A10/31/2012$1.10$1.07ViewN/A7/23/2012$1.09$1.15ViewN/A4/23/2012$0.90$0.92ViewN/A1/26/2012$1.11$1.08ViewN/A10/24/2011$1.08$1.08ViewN/A7/25/2011$0.95$0.97ViewN/A4/20/2011$0.80$0.84ViewN/A1/27/2011$1.67$1.69ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $4.52QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20175$0.85$0.88$0.86Q2 20175$1.13$1.15$1.14Q3 20175$1.23$1.30$1.28Q4 20175$1.13$1.35$1.24(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Next Dividend:8/18/2017Annual Dividend:$2.40Dividend Yield:3.04%Dividend Growth:10.70% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:55.81% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  51.61% (Based on This Year's Estimates)46.78% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:7 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE ETN)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/25/2017quarterly$0.601.92%8/2/20178/4/20178/18/20174/25/2017quarterly$0.601.98%5/3/20175/5/20175/19/20172/22/2017quarterly$0.602.11%3/2/20173/6/20173/17/201710/25/2016quarterly$0.572.37%11/3/201611/7/201611/18/20167/26/2016quarterly$0.572.36%8/3/20168/5/20168/19/20164/26/2016quarterly$0.575/4/20165/6/20165/20/20162/24/2016quarterly$0.573/3/20163/7/20163/18/201610/27/2015quarterly$0.5511/5/201511/9/201511/20/20157/21/2015quarterly$0.557/30/20158/3/20158/21/20154/21/2015quarterly$0.552.19%4/30/20155/4/20155/22/20152/25/2015quarterly$0.552.14%3/5/20153/9/20153/20/201510/21/2014quarterly$0.492.49%11/12/201411/14/201411/28/20147/22/2014quarterly$0.491.95%7/31/20148/4/20148/22/20144/22/2014quarterly$0.492.04%5/1/20145/5/20145/23/20142/26/2014quarterly$0.492.01%3/6/20143/10/20143/21/201410/22/2013quarterly$0.422.24%10/31/201311/4/201311/22/20137/24/2013quarterly$0.422.23%8/1/20138/5/20138/23/20134/24/2013quarterly$0.422.59%5/2/20135/6/20135/24/20132/27/2013quarterly$0.423/11/20133/22/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.80%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 76.35%Insider Trades by Quarter for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/5/2017Richard H FearonInsiderSell25,000$76.24$1,906,000.00  5/4/2017Uday YadavInsiderSell3,034$76.08$230,826.72  3/14/2017Thomas E MoranSVPSell3,470$72.13$250,291.10  3/2/2017Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell5,000$72.19$360,950.00  12/9/2016Ken D SemelsbergerInsiderSell19,913$69.15$1,376,983.95  11/23/2016Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell6,504$66.34$431,475.36  11/18/2016Revathi AdvaithiInsiderSell39,008$64.16$2,502,753.28  11/17/2016Christopher M ConnorDirectorSell6,504$65.59$426,597.36  11/10/2016Charles E GoldenDirectorSell14,626$67.96$993,982.96  11/10/2016Richard H FearonInsiderSell20,000$68.11$1,362,200.00  11/9/2016Michael J CritelliDirectorSell13,000$64.26$835,380.00  8/30/2016Uday YadavInsiderSell15,713$67.05$1,053,556.65  8/26/2016Christopher M ConnorDirectorBuy1,000$67.23$67,230.00  8/19/2016Dorothy C ThompsonDirectorBuy550$67.32$37,026.00  8/5/2016Richard H FearonInsiderSell65,195$65.29$4,256,581.55  8/4/2016Mark M McguireInsiderSell18,751$64.55$1,210,377.05  6/7/2016Mark M McguireInsiderSell18,751$63.04$1,182,063.04  5/11/2016Alexander M CutlerInsiderSell138,762$62.33$8,649,035.46  2/22/2016Cynthia K BrabanderInsiderBuy810$57.50$46,575.00  12/14/2015Gregory R PageDirectorBuy1,000$50.39$50,390.00  9/1/2015Gregory R PageDirectorBuy3,000$55.24$165,720.00  8/13/2015Christopher M ConnorDirectorSell20,000$60.10$1,202,000.00  5/8/2015Mark M McguireInsiderSell20,000$71.93$1,438,600.00  3/2/2015Thomas GrossInsiderSell29,231$71.08$2,077,739.48  2/9/2015Richard H FearonInsiderSell91,513$70.33$6,436,109.29  2/5/2015Alexander M CutlerInsiderSell330,000$69.23$22,845,900.00  12/15/2014Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell7,408$65.06$481,964.48  9/11/2014Gerald B SmithDirectorSell5,000$67.79$338,950.00  9/5/2014Michael J CritelliDirectorSell20,250$69.00$1,397,250.00  5/28/2014Thomas GrossInsiderSell110,726$74.32$8,229,156.32  3/7/2014Alexander CutlerInsiderSell29,280$75.55$2,212,104.00  3/6/2014Michael CritelliDirectorSell15,000$75.26$1,128,900.00  3/4/2014Thomas GrossInsiderSell21,667$74.43$1,612,674.81  11/26/2012Deborah L MccoyDirectorSell12,912$51.48$664,709.76  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)


Latest Headlines for Eaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadline5 Industrial Stocks Likely to Beat Q2 Earnings Estimates - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMNotable ETF Outflow Detected - XLI, CMI, ETN, NSC - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMEaton Declares Quarterly Dividend Payable August 18, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 6:39 PM5 Industrial Stocks Likely to Beat Q2 Earnings Estimatesfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 6:39 PMEaton Corporation, PLC to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.60 (NYSE:ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 11:54 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : July 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 7:55 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $5.14 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 3:02 PMReviewing Jason Industries (JASN) and Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 16 at 4:24 PMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 4:46 PMEaton to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Earnings on August 1, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 7:34 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanleywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 10 at 11:00 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Lifted to "Buy" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 8:28 PMStifel Nicolaus Reiterates Hold Rating for Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 8 at 9:32 PMAZZ Misses Earnings & Revenue Estimates in Q1, Reaffirms View ... - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 8 at 5:59 PMComparing Jason Industries (JASN) & Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 12:34 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (NYSE:ETN) Receives Average Rating of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 2:49 PMIs Eaton Corporation a Great Stock for Value Investors? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 30 at 6:45 PMIs Eaton Corporation a Great Stock for Value Investors?finance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 6:45 PMEaton Corp Has Bought Back 3.6 Million Shares So Far in 2017. Should Investors Be Happy?finance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:00 PMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : ETN-US : June 29, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 8:00 PMReviewing Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) & Aixtron Se (AIXG)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 12:42 AMZacks: Analysts Expect Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $5.14 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 5:26 PM Analysts Anticipate Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Will Post Earnings of $1.14 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 10:19 AMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : ETN-US : June 19, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 1:21 PMEaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Now Covered by JMP Securitieswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 19 at 8:32 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : June 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 4:47 PMEaton Corp. Plc – Value Analysis (NYSE:ETN) : June 9, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 9 at 5:32 PMEaton Corp. Plc breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : ETN-US : June 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 8 at 9:18 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 6 at 2:46 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Upgraded to "Buy" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 5 at 9:15 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Upgraded at ValuEnginewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 4 at 6:14 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 1:50 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Rating Reiterated by Arguswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 1:50 PM$5.14 Billion in Sales Expected for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 28 at 10:18 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 2:13 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.14 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 7:37 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to "Hold"www.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 1:52 PMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 22 at 4:44 PMPost Earnings Coverage as Eaton's Earnings Grew 9%; Raised Earnings Outlookfinance.yahoo.com - May 16 at 11:51 AMEaton (ETN) Benefits from Improvement in its End Marketfinance.yahoo.com - May 12 at 5:32 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 2:38 PMZacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 10:24 AMETFs with exposure to Eaton Corp. Plc : May 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 4:55 PMInsider Selling: Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Insider Sells 25,000 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 4:30 PMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Insider Uday Yadav Sells 3,034 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 1:42 PMEaton to Participate in the Electrical Products Group Conference May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 9:07 AMEaton Co., PLC (ETN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.22www.americanbankingnews.com - May 6 at 12:34 AMEaton Corp. Plc :ETN-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 5, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 5 at 5:15 PMJefferies Group Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 9:00 AMResearch Analysts Issue Forecasts for Eaton Co., PLC's Q2 2017 Earnings (ETN)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 9:00 AM


Social





Chart
Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Chart for Thursday, July, 27, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/27/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff














































Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, Lllp                                                                                  - Denver                                            , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Denver



Management Services



Financial Management For Business



                            Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, Lllp
                                    



 





















O 


Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, Lllp                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



200 COLUMBINE ST STE 600 DENVER, CO 80206
Get Directions



(303) 733-4305
www.obermeyerwood.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Financial Management For Business
 Contacts Lonny Kandel                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















George Wood, Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





George Wood

Co-Chairman/Partner,
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP | Email CEO @obermeyerwood.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL





















































 




                    Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP





obermeyerwood.com





501 Rio Grande Place, Suite 107                 
                 
Aspen, CO 81611
Phone: 970.925.8747
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

Not Available

Industry:  
                    Services->Legal                
SIC Code:  
                     Unavailable 
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All Other













                                       No Description Available 
                                        


Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








No Categories




No Technologies Found














Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND







NO PRESS EVENTS







Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        John Goltermann                                    

Title: Senior Vice President and Partner







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                1                                

                                    of 7 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
The company profile also contains facebook info, phone numbers, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP email format addresses with the domain of @obermeyerwood.com. Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP, a Legal company has its main office in Aspen, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@obermeyerwood.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Similar Companies:
Adan Stepner Wolternn Duzing
Adan Stepner Wolternn Duzing, a Legal company, is based in Denver, CO. They can be reached through Adan Stepner Wolternn Duzing email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @atbsshow.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atbsshow.com addresses.
Advocates
This member of the Legal industry is located in Denver, CO and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains Advocates email addresses which have a domain of @targetedlegal.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@targetedlegal.com addresses.
Agren Blando Court Reporting & Video, Inc.
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Agren Blando Court Reporting & Video, Inc., a Legal company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Agren Blando Court Reporting & Video, Inc.'s CEO , and other Agren Blando Court Reporting & Video, Inc. email format addresses within the @agren.com domain. Agren Blando Court Reporting & Video, Inc. is based in Denver, CO.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@agren.com addresses.




Company Directory > Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel, LLLP























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Find cheap obermeyer at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT JACKET SET PANTS BIBS OUTFIT COMPASS I GROW GIRL'S 8

$85.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Bearclaw Sport Tight Baslelayer Bottom Kids'

$24.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Women's Malta Pant

$110.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Supervisor Hat Boys'

$9.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Outland Insulated Ski Jacket (Boys')

$99.99













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Boys' Brisk Pant

$79.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT JACKET HOOD SET PANTS BIBS OUTFIT BUTTERFLIES GIRL'S 5 6

$85.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Orbit Fleece Hat Little Kids'

$9.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Men's Force Pant

$126.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Echo Hat Boys'

$14.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Tabor Print Insulated Ski Jacket (Girls')

$99.99













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Women's Leighton Jacket, Black, 6

$325.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT JACKET SET PANTS HOOD ZIP VENTS BLACK FUCHSIA GIRL'S 8

$90.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Sunday Knit Hat Girls'

$19.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Axiom FZ Suspender Bibs Athletic Ski Pant - Mens

$149.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Form Fleece Hat Little Boys'

$14.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT I GROW PEACE SUIT PANTS JACKET HOOD COMPASS GIRL'S 5

$110.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Women's Dakota Insulator Jacket, Black, 14

$325.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT JACKET SET PANTS BIBS I GROW OUTFIT OBX HOOD RED BOY'S 5

$80.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Sassy Knit Hat Little Kids'

$6.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Kids Girl's Jiminy Fleece Hat (Little Kids) Wild Pink One Size

$24.10


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Thumbs Up Printed Mitten Little Kids'

$19.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













OBERMEYER SKI SNOW SUIT I GROW ASTRO SUIT PANTS JACKET HOOD COMPASS GIRL'S 6

$110.00













Compare Prices 













Obermeyer Kids Unisex Orbit Fleece Hat (Big Kids) Rosebud One Size

$15.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Coins: Ancient
Bullion
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Coins: Ancient



Bullion



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap freezers at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























3.0 cu ft Black Freestanding Upright Freezer Compact Mini Single Reversible Door

$149.97













Compare Prices 













True T-12FG - 25 Reach-In Freezer - 1 Full Glass Swing Door, 3 Shelves

$4,117.14


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Excellence Commercial Ice Cream Freezer Hanging Basket for EAC Series Freezers

$41.99












Compare Prices 













Leader FR48 - 48 Reach In Freezer

$3,328.47


In Stock


Compare Prices 













1.1 cu. ft. Adjustable Upright Countertop Compact Mini-Freezer Home Office Dorm

$89.97













Compare Prices 













PORTABLE FREEZERS/REFRIGERATORS

$409.96


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Igloo 6.9 cu ft Upright Freezer, White 

$286.70













Compare Prices 













Commercial Cool CC 4.5 cu. ft. Refrigerator & Freezer, White

$239.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













753 EZ Freeze Pure with freezer and water filter, 64-Ounce

$29.96


In Stock


Compare Prices 













True T-35F - 40 Stainless Steel Reach In Freezer

$4,614.70


In Stock


Compare Prices 













New Midea 1.6 CF Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer

$89.99













Compare Prices 













750 EZ Freeze Pure with freezer and water filter, 14-Ounce

$9.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















New Large Haier Chest Freezer 5.0 Cu Ft Deep Freeze Removable Basket

$169.32













Compare Prices 













True T-12F 25 Reach-In Freezer - 1 Full Stainless Steel Swing Door, 3 Shelves

$2,491.76


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Diversey Care DVO948030 Suma Freeze D2.9 Freezer Cleaner

$47.15


In Stock


Compare Prices 













True T-49FG - 54 Reach-In Freezer - 2 Full Glass Swing Door

$6,953.86


In Stock


Compare Prices 













New Midea 1.6 CF Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer

$89.99













Compare Prices 













Sesame Street Elmo Freez'R Pops - 12 Freezer Zip Pops & Funnel

$8.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Haier Chest Deep Freezer 5.0 cu ft Small Size Compact Dorm Apartment White *NEW*

$172.95













Compare Prices 













True T-49F - 54 Reach-In Freezer - 2 Full Solid Swing Doors

$5,090.38


In Stock


Compare Prices 













All Points 38-1529 Junction Receptacle for Freezers

$267.54












Compare Prices 













True TS-49FG - 54 Reach-In Freezer - 2 Full Glass Swing Door

$7,301.30


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Upright Freezer, 3.0 Cubic Feet Frozen Food Storage Compact Room Office Home

$149.97













Compare Prices 













Freezer

$9.60


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Makeup
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap microwave at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Frigidaire 2.2 Cu. Ft. 1200 Watt Countertop Microwave Oven - Stainless Steel ...

$189.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp 29.94 1.1 cu.ft. Over-the-Range Microwave R1875T Color: Stainless Steel

$535.22


In Stock


Compare Prices 













The Combination Microwave Cook: Recipes for Combination Microwaves and Microwaves with Built-in Grills (Right way) (Paperback)

$12.30


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp 29.94 1.1 cu.ft. Over-the-Range Microwave R1875T

$499.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic 1.2 Cubic Foot 1200 Watt Family Size Microwave Oven, White NN-SN651WA

$99.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1442CS Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$110.58


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Panasonic 1.2 Cu.Ft. 1200 Watt Counter Microwave Oven - White NN-SN651W

$118.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp 29.94 1.1 cu.ft. Over-the-Range Microwave R1875T Color: White

$499.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1842CS Sharp 1,100W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.8 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$148.26


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Easy Open 23.88 1.2 cu.ft. Microwave Drawer KB6524PS

$1,070.74


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Frigidaire 1.6 Cu. Ft. 1100 Watt Countertop Microwave Oven - Stainless Steel ...

$154.99













Compare Prices 













Microwave Oven

$99.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















GE JVM3160RFSS 1000 Watt With Convection Cook Microwave Oven

$201.00













Compare Prices 













Oster 17.8 0.7 cu.ft. Countertop Microwave OGG3701

$67.81


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1132CS Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.1 Cubic Foot, Stainless Steel

$104.20


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Oster OGG3701 .7 cu. ft. Microwave Oven - 836321003969

$64.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Danby 1.2 cu. ft. Kitchen Countertop Microwave Oven 1200 Watts, Brushed Silver

$118.99













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1452CH Sharp 1,100W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, Black Stainless Steel

$146.55


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp R651ZS Sensor Microwave (2.2 cu.ft.), Stainless Steel, Standard New

$179.24













Compare Prices 













Oster OGG3701 .7 cu. ft. Microwave Oven - 836321003969

$64.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1441CW Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, White

$122.21


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Cuisinart 21.2 1.2 cu.ft. Countertop Microwave CMW-200

$185.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Hamilton Beach 0.7 cu ft Microwave Oven Countertop Kitchen Digital 700 Watts Red

$83.76













Compare Prices 













Sharp Microwaves ZSMC1441CB Sharp 1,000W Countertop Microwave Oven, 1.4 Cubic Foot, Black

$127.26


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap 49 inch television at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























Samsung 49 Inch 4K UltraHD HDR Smart TV / Smart Remote / 3 x HDMI | UN49MU7000

$667.54













Compare Prices 













Samsung UN32J5205A  32 Smart LED TV

$279.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













TCL 49S305 49-Inch 1080p Roku Smart LED TV (2017 Model)

$349.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Samsung UN19F4000  19 720p LED TV

$139.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG 49 Inch 4K UHD HDR Smart LED TV / 3 x HDMI / 2 x USB / 2017 Model | 49UJ6300

$518.54













Compare Prices 













AVF Eco-Mount EC285S-T CRT Television Mount for 13 Inch to 28 Inch Television Silver (Discontinued by Manufacturer)

$64.08


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Bolva 49 Inch 4K 60Hz Ultra HD D-LED TV with 4 x HDMI | 49BL00H7

$299.00













Compare Prices 













Sony XBR49X900E  49 4K Smart LED TV

$1,199.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 48 inch Wood Television Stand, Black

$428.49












Compare Prices 













Sony XBR49X800E  49 4K Smart LED TV

$849.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG 49 Inch LED TV 49LF5400 HDTV Brand New

$349.95













Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 60 inch Wood Television Stand, Black

$478.49












Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















Polaroid 49 Inch Smart 4K 120Hz UHD LED TV / ChromeCast / 3 x HDMI | 49GSR4100

$399.00













Compare Prices 













Samsung UN55KU7500  Curved 4K Smart LED TV

$1,099.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 48 inch Wood Television Stand

$359.58


In Stock


Compare Prices 













LG OLED55C6P  55 Curved OLED Smart TV

$1,999.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Samsung 49 Inch Curved 4K UHD Smart TV / Smart Remote / 3 x HDMI | UN49MU7500

$777.54













Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 60 inch Wood Television Stand

$472.29


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sony XBR49X900E 49-inch UHD 4K Smart LED Television

$1,198.00













Compare Prices 













MTD Vanities Paris 39.4-inch x 27.5-inch Sensor-activated LED Mirror (39.4x27.5), Grey

$530.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













AmeriHome 46 inch Wood Corner Television Stand

$373.52


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Sony KDL32W600D  32 720p Smart LED TV

$299.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Samsung 49-Inch Curved 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV-(UN49KU6500)- Brand New in Box!

$699.99













Compare Prices 













Sonax 'West Lake' 60-inch Dark Espresso Television Bench, Brown

$549.00












Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Coins: Ancient
Bullion
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Coins: Ancient



Bullion



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap motorhome at up to 70% off - Compare99 Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes


























NO RESERVE 1996 DAMON INTRUDER 34FT CLASS A RV MOTORHOME CAMPER 2016 TIRES

$2,025.00













Compare Prices 













RV Travel Lifestyle Magazine Subscription (Digital) (6 Issues)

$14.68


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Mattress Pad for Motorhome or Camper Bunk Bed 28x75

$57.94


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Diesel Power Magazine Subscription (Digital) (12 Issues)

$14.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













Tiffin Allegro Open Road 2 Slides 28'6" Class A Motorhome LOW MILES 12K 2005 

$17,205.00













Compare Prices 













Towing Behind Your Motorhome

$24.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2004 Holiday Rambler Sceptor 40PBD Used Class A Diesel Pusher RV Coach Motorhome

$26,600.00












Compare Prices 













Class A Extreme Protection RV Motorhome Cover

$159.99


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2002 Holiday Rambler 34PBD Class A Diesel Pusher Motorhome RV Sale Priced

$30,100.00













Compare Prices 













Motorhome Screen Door Bubble Panel, Clear

$20.61


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2016 Fleetwood Bounder 35K Used Motorhome RV Coach Camper Class A Gas Slide

$10,600.00












Compare Prices 













Camco 42653 Motorhome Party Light

$20.44


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















2000 Diesel Motorhome RV Pusher 77K miles EXCELLENT CONDITION CLASS A NO RESERVE

$20,100.00













Compare Prices 













Class A Motorhome 101 RV DVD

$24.95


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2001 Holiday Rambler Ambassador34PBS Diesel Pusher Class A Motor home No Reserve

$20,700.00













Compare Prices 













Security Surveillance GPS Tracking Device for Motorhome Safety

$129.00


In Stock


Compare Prices 













2006 WINNEBAGO JOURNEY 36FT CLASS A DIESEL PUSHER MOTOR HOME*2 SLIDES*FINANCING!

$64,900.00













Compare Prices 













Surco 501L Universal Motorhome Ladder

$95.38


In Stock


Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
Makeup
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing



Dancewear





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval















