




Steve Oblak - Senior Vice President & General Manager of North American Retail & Global Analytics at Wayfair LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Steve Oblak
Senior Vice President & General Manager of North American Retail & Global Analytics at Wayfair LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations Public Holdings 


Steve Oblak
Senior Vice President & General Manager of North American Retail & Global Analytics at Wayfair LLC



 Overview



Age



44
                                  (Born 1973)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 318 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
May 3, 2017





                        Wayfair Expands Selection of Outdoor Furnishings & Exterior Home Renovation Products, Offers One and Two-Day Shipping on Thousands of Outdoor Items                    





Business Wire
March 16, 2017





                        Wayfair Expands Housewares Selection with Fast Shipping for Top Brands                    





Business Wire
January 10, 2017





                        Wayfair Expands Plumbing Offering, Introduces Specialized Team of Experts for Home Renovations                    





Business Wire
October 27, 2016





                        Wayfair Partners with Affirm to Offer Shoppers More Accessible Financing Option                    





Business Wire
September 27, 2016





                        Wayfair Launches First Wedding Registry for Every Room of the Home, Offers More than 7 Million Options Across All Styles and Price Points                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Steve Conine

Co-Chairman & Co-Founder at Wayfair LLC




James Savarese

Chief Operating Officer at Wayfair LLC





Ed Macri

Chief Product & Marketing Officer at Wayfair LLC




Nicholas C. Malone

Chief Administrative Officer & Treasurer at Wayfair LLC





Michael Fleisher

Former Chief Financial Officer at Wayfair LLC




Enrique Colbert

General Counsel at Wayfair LLC





Niraj S. Shah

Co-Founder at Wayfair LLC




John Mulliken

Chief Technology Officer at Wayfair LLC





Jack Wood

Vice President-International Engineering at Wayfair, Inc.




Joel Stevensen

Vice President & General Manager of Business Sales at Wayfair LLC







See 308 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 308 More 


 


 Paths to Steve Oblak



            Steve Oblak          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Steve Oblak






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Steve Oblak.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BA 


Hamilton College

                  A liberal arts college chartered in 1812, Hamilton College has an enrollment of approximately 1850 students, representing 45 states and 47 countries, and offers 51 areas of study in the liberal arts, science and mathematics. Hamilton also offers pre-professional/cooperative programs in Business, Education, Engineering, Law, and Medicine and the opportunity to study abroad in numerous foreign destinations. The College's open curriculum gives students the freedom to shape their own liberal arts education within a research and writing-intensive framework. The College also hosts athletic programs affiliated with NCAA Division III, and includes competitive varsity teams in 16 different sports, in addition to many club and intramural sports offerings. Approximately 80 student clubs and organizations in a variety of interests and disciplines help to further enrich student development.                




MBA 


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

                  The Kellogg School of Management (The Kellogg School or Kellogg) is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida. Kellogg offers full-time, part-time, and executive programs, and partners with schools in China, France/Singapore, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, Canada, and Thailand.Founded in 1908 in downtown Chicago as a part-time evening program, the school was chartered to educate business leaders with "good moral character.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President & General Manager of North American Retail & Global Analytics

                                    2009 - Current                


Wayfair LLC


                  Wayfair LLC sells an extensive line of furniture, lighting and cookware products through online. Its products include furniture, décor, lighting, kitchen, bed and bath, outdoor, home improvement, and baby and kids products. The firm offers products under the Wayfair.com, Joss & Main, AllModern, DwellStudio, and Birch Lane brands. The company was founded by Steve Connie and Niraj Shah in 2002 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Senior Vice President & General Manager of Wayfair.com

                                    Current                


Wayfair, Inc.


                  Wayfair, Inc. operates an online home furnishing store. It offers a selection of home furnishings and decor across all styles and price points. The company operates e-commerce business model, which offers visually inspiring browsing, compelling merchandising and easy product discovery for various products across five distinct brands Wayfair.com, Joss & Main, AllModern, DwellStudio and Birch Lane. Wayfair was founded by Steven K. Conine and Niraj S. Shah in May 2002 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                




Senior Director

                                    Prior                


FutureBrand, Inc.


                  FutureBrand, Inc. provides advertising, consulting, and design services. It offers research, analytics, and insight, strategy services, design and creative services, brand management and governance, product and service design, and brand management system. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


River West Brands LLC






International Financial Services Practice

                                    Prior                


CEB, Inc.


                  CEB, Inc. is a best practice insight and technology company. It provides tools and solutions for talent, customer and operations management. The firm operates through the following segments: CEB and CEB Talent Assessment. The CEB segment includes comprehensive data analysis, research, advisory services, customized personnel assessment tools and services. The CEB Talent Assessment segment includes the SHL product and services of cloud-based solutions for talent assessment, development, strategy, analytics, decision support and professional services that support those solutions, enabling client access to data, analytics, insights for assessing, managing employees and applicants. The company was founded by David G. Bradley in 1983 and is headquartered in Arlington, VA.                





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Scott P. Brown


                  Ambassador to New Zealand at United States Department of State                




$250

                  2010                


Robert James Dold


                  Former Representative from Illinois's 10th Congressional District                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Steve Oblak is affiliated with
                            Wayfair LLC, Wayfair, Inc., FutureBrand, Inc., River West Brands LLC, CEB, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













    Steve Oblak | Wayfair Inc. | ZoomInfo.com 



Wayfair promotes Steve Oblak to SVP/GM | Casual Living























 




Search

 






 
eLetter Subscription | Subscribe Now | Digital Edition | Buyers Guide | Slideshow
 









 



 



 

 







 
















 

Wayfair promotes Steve Oblak to SVP/GMPreviously served as VP of category management 
Susan Dickenson, April 3, 2014
 
BOSTON - Wayfair announced the appointment of Steve Oblak to senior vice president and general manager of Wayfair.com.
In his new role, Oblak will spearhead strategy and execution for the company’s flagship e-commerce brand. Previously, Oblak served as Wayfair’s vice president of category management, overseeing catalog management and all supplier and manufacturer relationships.








“In his time at Wayfair, Steve has been a key driver of the company’s rapid growth and success,” said Niraj Shah, CEO and co-founder of Wayfair. “He has tremendous insight into our supplier network and is dedicated to building an exceptional shopping experience. As we accelerate our rollout of private label brands and create a larger scale site merchandising strategy, I am confident that Steve is the right person to lead the charge for Wayfair.com.”
In his previous role, Oblak drove category management, buying, site merchandising and supplier management for Wayfair while also overseeing the AllModern and Wayfair Supply businesses. He also led the build out of Wayfair.com’s Daily Sales program, a flash sale feature which engages shoppers with significant savings on limited time offerings.
Before joining Wayfair, Oblak served as vice president at River West Brands, a venture firm focused on acquiring and re-commercializing dormant consumer brands. Prior to his role at River West Brands, Oblak served as a senior director at FutureBrand Worldwide, a global brand management consultancy practice of Interpublic Group. He earned a bachelor’s degree from Hamilton College and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.
 



 



 
Susan Dickenson | Editor in Chief sdickenson@homeaccentstoday.com
Susan Dickenson is the editor in chief of Home Accents Today, where she has spent more than a decade covering trending topics, best practices and news items pertaining to the manufacturing, retail and interior design segments of the home furnishings industry. A graduate of UNC, Dickenson spent 15 years in the Washington, D.C., area, writing and researching in both the public and private sector. After relocating to her native North Carolina in 2003, she freelanced as a writer of general interest, business, garden and home items for local and national publications before joining Home Accents Today in 2006 as retail editor.
 
 
 

Related Content By Author

• Decorating Den Interiors adds staff 
• Tervis breaks ground on innovation center
• Wayfair promotes seven executives
• Home furnishings sales tick up in March
• Wayfair launches services for design community
 



 



 



 



 



 

Sponsored Links

CL's "Universe Study 2016"
CL's "Powerhouse Retailers 2015"
CL's "Made in USA"
CL's "Store Operations Survey"
CL's "Metro Market Projections"
CL's "Marketing, Millennials & Myths"
CL's "Chat Groups"
CL's "Desginers' Report"
 



 



 

Featured Video



Live at the Chicago Pre-Market with Libby Langdon
 More Videos

 
Subscribe to Casual Living eWeekly
Receive the news you need to know about the trends in the industry delivered right to your 

inbox.




 



 

Exterior Design


See our new publication!  Exterior Design promises to showcase the best, most innovative product design across all key categories of outdoor.  With a unique vision and a focus on fashion, design, luxury and style, it's a must-see magazine for forward-thinking designers and high-end retailers. See the inaugural issue! 
 

Most Viewed Articles



Spring into action: Tips for opening salt water...


Poly-Wood introduces boxed kits of plastic lumb...


Dive in Pair popular salt water pools with the ...


Trex introduces outdoor kitchen storage collection


Syroco shuts its doors



 

Related Content

Hayneedle announces three exec promotions
Wayfair promotes seven executives
Hayneedle promotes Jon Barker to CEO
 

June Digital Edition


Don’t miss the June digital edition of Casual Living and our fourth and final installment of the Elements series—Air. Contributor Marc Barnes talks with shade manufacturers about their latest innovations, and freelancer Laurie Rudd keeps us suspended in midair, literally, with a showcase of hanging outdoor products. Also be sure to check out our annual Casual Living Merchandising Awards winners, and don’t miss our behind-the-scenes look at Telescope Casual. June Digital Edition 

 
 








 



Wayfair appoints Steve Oblak SVP/GM | Home Accents Today























 




Search

 






 
eNewsletter Subscription | Subscribe Now | Digital Edition | Buyers Guide | Slideshows
 










 



 



 



 

 







 
















 

Wayfair appoints Steve Oblak SVP/GM 
Susan Dickenson, April 2, 2014
 








Wayfair announced the appointment of Steve Oblak to senior vice president and general manager of Wayfair.com. In his new role, Oblak will spearhead strategy andSteve Oblak execution for the company’s flagship e-commerce brand. Previously, Oblak served as Wayfair’s vice president of category management, overseeing catalog management and all supplier and manufacturer relationships.“In his time at Wayfair, Steve has been a key driver of the company’s rapid growth and success,” said Niraj Shah, CEO and co-founder of Wayfair. “He has tremendous insight into our supplier network and is dedicated to building an exceptional shopping experience. As we accelerate our rollout of private label brands and create a larger scale site merchandising strategy, I am confident that Steve is the right person to lead the charge for Wayfair.com.”In his previous role, Oblak drove category management, buying, site merchandising and supplier management for Wayfair while also overseeing the AllModern and Wayfair Supply businesses. He also led the build out of Wayfair.com’s Daily Sales program, a flash sale feature which engages shoppers with significant savings on limited time offerings. Before joining Wayfair, Oblak served as vice president at River West Brands, a venture firm focused on acquiring and re-commercializing dormant consumer brands. Prior to his role at River West Brands, Oblak served as a senior director at FutureBrand Worldwide, a global brand management consultancy practice of Interpublic Group. He earned a bachelor’s degree from Hamilton College and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.
 



 



 
Susan Dickenson | Editor in Chief sdickenson@homeaccentstoday.com
Susan Dickenson is the editor in chief of Home Accents Today, where she has spent more than a decade covering trending topics, best practices and news items pertaining to the manufacturing, retail and interior design segments of the home furnishings industry. A graduate of UNC, Dickenson spent 15 years in the Washington, D.C., area, writing and researching in both the public and private sector. After relocating to her native North Carolina in 2003, she freelanced as a writer of general interest, business, garden and home items for local and national publications before joining Home Accents Today in 2006 as retail editor.
 
 
 

Related Content By Author

• Tie Dye sofa commemorates Summer of Love 
• Home Accents Today announces 2017 Retail Stars
• 2018 Color Forecast now available
• Interior Designers' top technology tools
• The big (At) Home advantage
 

Industry Insights




 



 



 



 



 

Sponsored Links

HAT's "Retail Store Ops Survey"
HAT's "Retail Stars 2016"
HAT's "Regional Style Census"
HAT's "Imports Report"
HAT's "Consumer Buying Trends"
HAT's "Consumer Survey"
HAT's "Accent on Furniture Stores"
HAT's "Direct-to-Consumer Retailers"
 



 



 

Featured Video



Badgley Mischka Home Collection showroom tour, High Point Market
 More Videos

 
Subscribe to Home Accents Today eWeekly
Receive the news you need to know about the trends in the industry delivered right to your 

inbox.




 



 

Most Viewed Articles



Pantone reveals 2018 color trends for interiors


Wayfair announces program for business customers


California’s Title 20 poses challenges for lamp...


Industry veteran Ron Page dies at 64


Home Accents Today names Robin Martinez publisher


 

Related Content

Sarah Jessica Parker to headline AmericasMart LIVE
HSNi CEO Mindy Grossman is stepping down
Hot Topics and Trends from High Point

 
 








﻿

























Wayfair Inc. (W) SVP Steve Oblak Sells 705 Shares - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Wayfair Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wayfair Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD) Given New $135.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity
Saratoga Investment Corp (NYSE:SAR) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10
ICICI Bank Limited (NYSE:IBN) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16
Barclays PLC Cuts UBM Plc (LON:UBM) Price Target to GBX 740
Restoration Hardware Holdings (NYSE:RH) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.19
$0.09 EPS Expected for News Corporation (NWSA) This Quarter
Computacenter plc (LON:CCC) Lifted to Overweight at Barclays PLC
Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (LON:ULE)
OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (NYSE:OMN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) a €10.50 Price Target
Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (NYSE:PBR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.14 Per Share
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages
Tahoe Resources, Inc. (NYSE:TAHO) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Mastercard’s (MA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Burberry Group PLC (OTCMKTS:BURBY) Receives $26.00 Consensus PT from Analysts
Analysts Set Sanchez Production Partners LP (NYSEMKT:SPP) Price Target at $15.33
$0.28 EPS Expected for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) This Quarter
Zacks: Analysts Expect Galapagos NV (GLPG) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $26.50 Million
Marten Transport, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MRTN) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research


 


Wayfair Inc. (W) SVP Steve Oblak Sells 705 Shares

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 

Wayfair Inc. (NYSE:W) SVP Steve Oblak sold 705 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, July 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.41, for a total transaction of $53,869.05. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 121,254 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,265,018.14. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 
Steve Oblak also recently made the following trade(s): 


 Get Wayfair Inc. alerts:




On Monday, July 3rd, Steve Oblak sold 948 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.68, for a total transaction of $72,692.64. 
On Monday, June 19th, Steve Oblak sold 4,528 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.83, for a total transaction of $320,718.24. 
On Monday, June 5th, Steve Oblak sold 300 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.44, for a total transaction of $20,532.00. 
On Thursday, June 1st, Steve Oblak sold 643 shares of Wayfair stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.41, for a total transaction of $40,772.63. 
On Monday, May 22nd, Steve Oblak sold 300 shares of Wayfair stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.19, for a total transaction of $18,657.00. 
On Tuesday, May 9th, Steve Oblak sold 75 shares of Wayfair stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.00, for a total transaction of $4,500.00. 
On Monday, April 24th, Steve Oblak sold 150 shares of Wayfair stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.47, for a total transaction of $6,970.50. 

Wayfair Inc. (W) traded up 0.956% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $76.545. 442,522 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Wayfair Inc. has a 12-month low of $27.60 and a 12-month high of $79.33. The company’s market cap is $6.63 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $73.43 and a 200 day moving average of $51.75. 




Wayfair (NYSE:W) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported ($0.48) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.32. The business had revenue of $960.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $934.84 million. Wayfair had a negative net margin of 5.84% and a negative return on equity of 215.36%. The company’s revenue was up 28.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.36) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Wayfair Inc. will post ($1.56) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/20/wayfair-inc-w-svp-steve-oblak-sells-705-shares.html. 
Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in shares of Wayfair by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 14,060 shares of the company’s stock worth $493,000 after buying an additional 140 shares in the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in shares of Wayfair by 9.6% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 2,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 247 shares in the last quarter. First Personal Financial Services raised its position in shares of Wayfair by 15.1% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 2,475 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 325 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Wayfair by 2.1% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 33,721 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,365,000 after buying an additional 709 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Group AG raised its position in shares of Wayfair by 55.5% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 2,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 960 shares in the last quarter. 
Several research analysts recently commented on W shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wayfair from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $87.00 price objective (up from $70.00) on shares of Wayfair in a report on Wednesday, June 14th. Maxim Group raised their price objective on shares of Wayfair from $53.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. CIBC raised shares of Wayfair from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Wayfair from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $44.00 to $75.00 in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Wayfair has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $61.03.
Wayfair Company Profile
Wayfair Inc (Wayfair) offers browsing, merchandising and product discovery for a range of products from various suppliers. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. and International. The U.S. segment consists of amounts earned through product sales through the Company’s five sites in the United States and through sites operated by third parties in the United States. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Wayfair Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wayfair Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























Stephen Oblak, Wayfair Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Stephen "Steve" Oblak

Senior VP/Gen Mgr:Wayfiar.Com,
Wayfair Inc






Career History




Senior VP/Gen Mgr:Wayfiar.Com
Wayfair LLC, 3/2014-PRESENT


General Manager
Wayfair.Com, 3/2014-PRESENT


VP:Category Management
Wayfair LLC, 7/2011-3/2014


Director:Category Management
Wayfair LLC, 10/2009-7/2011


Show More









Website:
www.wayfair.com






Corporate Information
Address:

4 Copley Place
Floor 7
Boston, MA 02116
United States


Phone:
1-617-532-6100


Fax:
1-617-880-8594


Web url:
www.wayfair.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Hamilton College
Bachelor's Degree


London Business School
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































