

Davis' Texas Estate Planning Forms 2017 | O'Connor's Law Books



 























 





 





Davis’ Texas Estate Planning Forms 2017
























 

 

 

 




$201.15
                        $149
                    


                            Subscription Price 



                                Subscribe for a lower price and get future editions shipped automatically. All products come with a
                                30-day money-back guarantee. The non-subscription price is 35% higher
                                and displayed in gray strikethrough.
                            







QTY:



Add to Cart



                Subscribe annually to O’Connor’s Online and save 40% on your print
                purchases (discount applies to one copy of each title purchased).
            











Book Features
Developed by Mickey R. Davis, a board-certified attorney in estate planning and probate law and a Fellow of the American College of Trust and Estate Counsel, Davis’s Texas Estate Planning Forms 2017 contains nearly 1,700 pages of expertly crafted and time-tested estate planning forms that can be easily customized to meet your client’s needs. This extensive volume includes the following:Client intake and fee agreements.Ancillary forms with explanatory notes covering directives to physicians, medical and financial powers of attorney, guardianship appointments, disclosures of protected health information, and the disposition of a decedent’s remains.Common will provisions with explanatory notes and optional language that can be used to customize each model will form.34 model wills with explanatory guidance for nontaxable and taxable estates for single and married individuals.15 model trusts with explanatory guidance covering irrevocable gifts and specialized trusts (i.e., ILITs, 2503 Trusts, GRATs, QPRTs, CRATs, CRUTs, and CLATs).Access code for individually downloading every form in the book at oconnors.com.

New Features for 2017
First edition released in December 2016.






Table of Contents



Commentaries


3.Introduction to Wills



4.Introduction to Trusts



Forms


1.Client-Intake Forms

Representation Agreements


1A:1.Engagement Agreement – Flat Fee



1A:2.Engagement Agreement – Hourly Fee



Questionnaires


1B:1.Long Questionnaire



1B:2.Short Questionnaire – Single



1B:3.Short Questionnaire – Married





2.Ancillary Forms


2:1.Directive to Physicians & Family or Surrogates



2:2.Information Concerning Directive to Physicians & Family or Surrogates



2:3.Medical Power of Attorney



2:4.Information Concerning the Medical Power of Attorney



2:5.Statutory Durable Power of Attorney



2:6.Durable General Power of Attorney



2:7.Durable Limited Power of Attorney



2:8.Important Information for Agent (Attorney-in-Fact)



2:9.Declaration of Guardian  Before Need Arises



2:10.Declaration of Guardian  for My Children 



2:11.Authorization for Disclosure of Protected Health Information



2:12.Appointment for Disposition of Remains




3.Wills

General Forms


3A:1.Attestation Clause



3A:2.Self-Proving Affidavit



Optional Provisions


3B:1.Exordium Clause – Identification of Testator



3B:2.Exordium Clause – Identification of Testator's Family



3B:3.Fiduciary Appointments – Executors



3B:4.Fiduciary Appointments – Identification of Trustees



3B:5.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Personal Effects



3B:6.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Specific Gifts



3B:7.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Cash Gifts



3B:8.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Charitable Bequest



3B:9.Specific Testamentary Gifts – S Corporation Stock



3B:10.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Retirement Accounts



3B:11.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Residences



3B:12.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Cancellation of Indebtedness



3B:13.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Real Property



3B:14.Specific Testamentary Gifts – Exercise of Power of Appointment



3B:15.Remaining Property – Initial Disposition



3B:16.Remaining Property – Contingent Disposition



3B:17.Executor & Trustee Provisions – Fiduciary Compensation



3B:18.Executor & Trustee Provisions – Fiduciary Liability



3B:19.Executor & Trustee Provisions – Co-Fiduciary Provisions



3B:20.Administrative Provisions – Shipping Personal Effects



3B:21.Administrative Provisions – Insurance Proceeds



3B:22.Administrative Provisions – Homestead Occupancy Rights



3B:23.Administrative Provisions – Spendthrift Trusts



3B:24.Administrative Provisions – Maximum Duration of Trusts



3B:25.Debts, Expenses & Taxes – Payment of Debts



3B:26.Debts, Expenses & Taxes – Payment of Expenses



3B:27.Debts, Expenses & Taxes – Payment of Death Taxes



3B:28.Debts, Expenses & Taxes – Source of Payment



3B:29.General Provisions – No Contest



3B:30.General Provisions – Definition of Heirs



3B:31.General Provisions – Definition of Spouse



3B:32.General Provisions – Definition of Survival



Single Person


3C:1.Single – Contingent Trust



3C:2.Single – Child/Contingent Trust



3C:3.Single – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3C:4.Single – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



3C:5.Single – Simple Will



Married – No Tax Planning


3D:1.Married – Contingent Trust



3D:2.Married – Child/Contingent Trust



3D:3.Married – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3D:4.Married – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



3D:5.Married – Simple Will



Married – Residuary to Spouse – Disclaimer to Bypass Trust


3E:1.Resid. to Spouse – Disc. to Bypass – Contingent Trust



3E:2.Resid. to Spouse – Disc. to Bypass – Child/Contingent Trust



3E:3.Resid. to Spouse – Disc. to Bypass – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3E:4.Resid. to Spouse – Disc. to Bypass – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



Married – Residuary to QTIP Trust – Disclaimer to Bypass Trust


3F:1.Resid. to QTIP – Disc. to Bypass – Contingent Trust



3F:2.Resid. to QTIP – Disc. to Bypass – Child/Contingent Trust



3F:3.Resid. to QTIP – Disc. to Bypass – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3F:4.Resid. to QTIP – Disc. to Bypass – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



Married – Marital Lead (ML) Spouse – Residuary to Bypass Trust


3G:1.ML Spouse – Resid. to Bypass – Contingent Trust



3G:2.ML Spouse – Resid. to Bypass – Child/Contingent Trust



3G:3.ML Spouse – Resid. to Bypass – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3G:4.ML Spouse – Resid. to Bypass – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



Married – Credit Lead (CL) Bypass Trust – Residuary to Spouse


3H:1.CL Bypass – Resid. to Spouse – Contingent Trust



3H:2.CL Bypass – Resid. to Spouse – Child/Contingent Trust



3H:3.CL Bypass – Resid. to Spouse – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3H:4.CL Bypass – Resid. to Spouse – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



Married – Marital Lead (ML) QTIP Trust – Residuary to Bypass


3I:1.ML QTIP – Resid. to Bypass – Contingent Trust



3I:2.ML QTIP – Resid. to Bypass – Child/Contingent Trust



3I:3.ML QTIP – Resid. to Bypass – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3I:4.ML QTIP – Resid. to Bypass – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust



Married – Credit Lead (CL) Bypass Trust – Residuary to QTIP


3J:1.CL Bypass – Resid. to QTIP – Contingent Trust



3J:2.CL Bypass – Resid. to QTIP – Child/Contingent Trust



3J:3.CL Bypass – Resid. to QTIP – Descendant/Contingent Trust



3J:4.CL Bypass – Resid. to QTIP – Child/Descendant/Contingent Trust





4.Trusts

Irrevocable Gift Trusts


4:1.Single Grantor—Gift Trusts for Children with Staged Termination



4:2.Single Grantor—Gift Trusts for Children for Lifetime



4:3.Married Grantor—Gift Trusts for Children with Staged Termination



4:4.Married Grantor—Gift Trusts for Children for Lifetime



Irrevocable Life Insurance Trusts (ILITs)


4:5.ILIT for Children with Staged Termination



4:6.ILIT for Children for Lifetime



4:7.ILIT for Spouse & Children with Staged Termination



4:8.ILIT for Spouse & Children for Lifetime



2503(c) Trust


4:9.2503(c) Trust



Grantor Retained Annuity Trust (GRAT)


4:10.GRAT



Qualified Personal Residence Trust (QPRT)


4:11.QPRT



Charitable Remainder Annuity Trust (CRAT)


4:12.CRAT



Charitable Remainder Unitrust (CRUT)


4:13.CRUT



Charitable Lead Annuity Trusts (CLATs)


4:14.CLAT Grantor Trust



4:15.CLAT Nongrantor Trust












How We Stack Up
Descriptive content for smaller screens that can't fit the display of the comparison table. Direct users to the O'Connor's difference page.
See the O'Connor's Difference




Related Titles






O'Connor's Texas Property Code Plus 2016-2017

published
July 2016



                                    $95
                                








Texas Forms * Real Estate 2017

published
November 2016



                                    $150
                                








O'Connor's Texas Estates Code Plus 2016-2017

published
September 2016



                                    $95
                                






























Ok















Judicial View > Federal Cases > Health Care > Oconnor v. Davis 





Login




E-mail:



Password:




 



Forgot Your Password?








 
Are you sure you want to log out?

 











 












 Home   Federal Cases   State Cases   News   Search   Cart   Log In  





 



 
Search 591,341 Cases and Articles on TJV!
 














 




Federal Case Categories       

Administrative LawADRAgricultureAntitrustBankruptcyBusiness OrganizationsBusiness ValuationCivil ProcedureCivil RemediesCivil RightsCommunicationsCompetitionConflict of LawsConstitutional LawConstructionContractsCopyrightCriminal JusticeDamagesDomestic RelationsEducationEmploymentEnergy / UtilitiesEntertainmentEnvironmentalExpert WitnessFinance / BankingGovernment / PoliticsHealth CareImmigrationInsuranceInternationalMalpracticeMaritimePatentProduct LiabilityPropertySecuritiesShareholderTaxationTechnologyTortsTrade SecretTrademarkTransportationVeteransWills / Trusts / Estates   
 




 



Home >> Federal Cases >> Health Care >> Oconnor v. Davis 

 











More
<html>































Oconnor v. Davis

126 F3d 112


		  		    Plaintiff-appellant Bridget O'Connor ("O'Connor") appeals from the May 23, 1996, judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Brieant, J.) granting the summary judgment motion of defendants-appellees Rockland Psychiatric Center ("Rockland") and the State of New York and dismissing O'Connor's sexual harassment claims, which were brought pursuant to both Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, § 706(e), as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e, et seq.  ("Title VII"), and Title IX of Education Amendments of 1972, § 901(a), as amended, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681, et seq.  ("Title IX").  For the following reasons, we affirm. 

While enrolled as a student at Marymount College ("Marymount"), a private Catholic college located in Tarrytown, New York, Bridget O'Connor majored in social work.  As a component of her major, O'Connor was required during her senior year to perform 200 hours of field work at one of several Marymount-approved organizations which, in the past, had included schools, daycare centers, community organizations, correctional facilities, and social service agencies.  Marymount arranged for O'Connor to be placed for her senior-year internship with Rockland, a hospital for the mentally disabled operated by New York State.  Because this internship was considered to be "work study" for financial aid purposes, O'Connor received, through Marymount, federal work study funds for the time she spent performing her volunteer work with Rockland. 

O'Connor's internship with Rockland began on September 20, 1994.  The hours O'Connor worked were flexible, although she generally chose to work on Mondays and Wednesdays from approximately 8:00 a.m.  to 4:30 p.m.  because that schedule did not conflict with her regular Marymount classes.  O'Connor regularly attended morning staff meetings with Rockland employees and other volunteers, met with the patients assigned to her both one-on-one and in groups.  She then documented the results of these patient sessions in "process recordings" which were given first to her Rockland supervisor, Lisa Punzone ("Punzone"), and then to faculty at Marymount. 

Dr. James Davis ("Davis") worked as a licensed psychiatrist at Rockland.  Approximately two days after O'Connor began her internship, Davis referred to O'Connor, in her presence, as "Miss Sexual Harassment"--a term Davis later explained was intended, as a compliment, to convey the idea that O'Connor was physically attractive and, as such, was likely to be the object of sexual harassment.  O'Connor promptly complained about Davis's comment to Punzone, who explained that Davis made similar comments to her, and that O'Connor should try her best to ignore him. 

Not only did Davis continue to address O'Connor as "Miss Sexual Harassment," he added to his repertoire of inappropriate sexual remarks.  For instance, on one Monday morning, Davis told O'Connor that she looked tired, and that she and her boyfriend must have had "a good time" the night before.  On another occasion, Davis pointed to a picture in a newspaper of a woman dressed only in underwear and announced that O'Connor was the woman photographed.  He also suggested to O'Connor (and other women present) that they should participate in an "orgy. "   Finally, on yet another occasion, Davis told O'Connor to remove her clothing in preparation for a meeting with him;  he explained, "Don't you always take your clothes off before you go in the doctor's office?"

O'Connor was apparently not Davis's only target;  he also commented regularly on the physical appearance of a number of women employed at Rockland, and directed sexual jokes and sexually suggestive noises at them--particularly, as Davis put it, on occasions when he thought the women "looked very well that day. 

        
         



Click to View the Full Text PDF of the Court's Decision
Oconnor v. Davis
 
			         
        
Judge(s): Walker
Jurisdiction: U.S. Court of Appeals, Second Circuit


Related Categories: Civil Remedies 
, Civil Rights 
, Communications 
, Constitutional Law 
, Construction 
, Contracts 
, Copyright 
, Education 
, Employment 
, Energy / Utilities 
, Government / Politics 
, Insurance 
, Securities 
, Taxation
 



 



 

CUSTOM EMAIL ALERTS!





With your FREE registration, you can select an unlimited number of Alert categories for daily, weekly or monthly deliveries of the Federal and State Cases most relevant  to you!
 Click Here to sign up.
 



 




      

 







 

Click the maroon box above for a formatted PDF of the decision.
 Although the term "education" is not defined by the regulations governing Title IX and has not been construed by this court, O'Connor argues that because Rockland provides its volunteers with some modicum of on-the-job training, Rockland therefore provides vocational training, and, on that basis, may be considered to operate an organized educational program.  We decline, however, to convert Rockland's willingness to accept volunteers into conduct analogous to administering an "education program" as contemplated by Title IX. Sept 19, 1997}    Both parties on appeal (and the district court below) addressed themselves to the question of whether or not O'Connor was an employee within this framework.  However, we think that this analysis is flawed because it ignores the antecedent question of whether O'Connor was hired by Rockland for any purpose.  As the Supreme Court suggests, the common feature shared by both the employee and the independent contractor is that they are "hired part[ies]," id., and thus, a prerequisite to considering whether an individual is one or the other under common-law agency principles is that the individual have been hired in the first instance.  That is, only where a "hire" has occurred should the common-law agency analysis be undertaken. Other courts have agreed with this view.  As the Eighth Circuit has explained, courts turn to common-law principles to analyze the character of an economic relationship "only in situations that plausibly approximate an employment relationship."  Graves v. Women's Prof'l Rodeo Assoc., 907 F.2d 71, 74 (8th Cir.1990).  Where no financial benefit is obtained by the purported employee from the employer, no "plausible" employment relationship of any sort can be said to exist because although "compensation by the putative employer to the putative employee in exchange for his services is not a sufficient condition, ... it is an essential condition to the existence of an employer-employee relationship."  Graves, 907 F.2d at 73.   See also Neff v. Civil Air Patrol, 916 F.Supp. 710, 712-13 (S.D.Ohio, 1996);  Smith v. Berks Community Television, 657 F.Supp. 794, 796 (E.D.Pa.1987);  cf.  Haavistola v. Community Fire Co., 6 F.3d 211, 219 (4th Cir.1993). 20 U.S.C. § 1681(a).  Title IX has been construed to prohibit gender discrimination against students and employees alike in educational institutions that receive federal funding.  See Murray v. New York Univ.  College of Dentistry, 57 F.3d 243, 248 (2d Cir.1995) (citing North Haven Bd. of Educ. v. Bell, 456 U.S. 512, 520-34, 102 S.Ct. 1912, 1917-25, 72 L.Ed.2d 299 (1982)).  Plaintiff-appellant Bridget O'Connor ("O'Connor") appeals from the May 23, 1996, judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Brieant, J.) granting the summary judgment motion of defendants-appellees Rockland Psychiatric Center ("Rockland") and the State of New York and dismissing O'Connor's sexual harassment claims, which were brought pursuant to both Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, § 706(e), as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e, et seq.  ("Title VII"), and Title IX of Education Amendments of 1972, § 901(a), as amended, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681, et seq.  ("Title IX").  For the following reasons, we affirm.  The definition of the term "employee" provided in Title VII is circular:  the Act states only that an "employee" is an "individual employed by an employer."  42 U.S.C. § 2000e(f);  see also EEOC v. Johnson & Higgins, 91 F.3d 1529, 1538 (2d Cir.1996).  However, it is well established that when Congress uses the term "employee" without defining it with precision, courts should presume that Congress had in mind "the conventional master-servant relationship as understood by the common-law agency doctrine."  Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Darden, 503 U.S. 318, 322-23, 112 S.Ct. 1344, 1348, 117 L.Ed.2d 581 (1992) (quoting Community for Creative Non-Violence v. Reid, 490 U.S. 730, 739-40, 109 S.Ct. 2166, 2172-73, 104 L.Ed.2d 811 (1989));  see also Walters v. Metropolitan Educ. Enters., Inc., --- U.S. ----, ----, 117 S.Ct. 660, 666, 136 L.Ed.2d 644 (1997);  Frankel v. Bally, Inc., 987 F.2d 86, 90 (2d Cir.1993).  Janine M. Spinnato, Assistant Attorney General, New York City (Dennis C. Vacco, Attorney General, New York City, Thomas D. Hughes, Assistant Attorney General, New York City, on the brief), for Defendants-Appellees.    any part of which is extended Federal financial assistance. (B) a local educational agency ..., system of vocational education, or other school system....  By allowing an intern to perform the fieldwork required of her by the wholly unaffiliated college she attends, Rockland is not transformed into an employer under Title VII or into an administrator of an education program or activity under Title IX.  We conclude by saying only that we are not unsympathetic to O'Connor's situation.  We recognize, for example, that from her perspective, her success at Marymount was dependent to some degree on successfully completing her internship with Rockland, and that her dependency on Rockland made her vulnerable to continued harassment much as an employee dependent on a regular wage can be vulnerable to ongoing misconduct.  In a similar vein, we recognize that O'Connor was not in quite the same position to simply walk away from the alleged harassment as are many other volunteers.  However, it is for Congress, if it should choose to do so, and not this court, to provide a remedy under either Title VII or Title IX for plaintiffs in O'Connor's position.  We therefore affirm the judgment of the district court.    Because the absence of either direct or indirect economic remuneration or the promise thereof is undisputed in this case, we agree with the district court that O'Connor was not a Rockland employee within the meaning of Title VII and thus that her discrimination claim under that statute must fail. (2)(A) a college, university, postsecondary institution, or a public system of higher education;  or  2 We reject O'Connor's claim that she was compensated to the extent that she received, through Marymount, federal work study funding for the hours of volunteer work performed at Rockland.  Plainly, it was Marymount--not Rockland--that made these payments to O'Connor 126 F3d 112 WALKER, Circuit Judge: Davis  24 C.F.R. § 106.2(n) (emphasis supplied).  Rockland plainly does not satisfy this definition, as its "primary purpose" is in no sense to educate:  it accepts no tuition, has no teachers, has no evaluation process, and requires no regular hours or course of study for its volunteer workers.  (B) the entity of such State or local government that distributes such assistance and each such department or agency ... to which the assistance [to a State or local government] is extended;  Craig T. Dickinson, White Plains, NY (Jonathan Lovett, Lovett & Gould, White Plains, NY, on the brief), for Plaintiff-Appellant.   3 We note that O'Connor's complaint contains no allegation that Rockland receives any federal funding.  Instead, O'Connor refers to federal funding only in her description of Marymount, a party since dropped from the case.  However, because O'Connor's complaint does allege that Rockland is an agency of New York State, we will construe her complaint broadly to allege that, as a state health-care agency, Rockland receives federal money in connection with medical services provided--an inference we think equitable given that Rockland does not contest on appeal the question of federal funding Oconnor For the purposes of this chapter, the term "program or activity" and "program" mean all of the operations of--     v.   In determining whether a hired party is an employee under the general common law of agency, we consider the hiring party's right to control the manner and means by which the product is accomplished.  Among the other factors relevant to this inquiry are the skill required;  the source of the instrumentalities and tools;  the location of the work;  the duration of the relationship between the parties;  whether the hiring party has the right to assign additional projects to the hired party;  the extent of the hired party's discretion over when and how long to work;  the method of payment;  the hired party's role in hiring and paying assistants;  whether the work is part of the regular business of the hiring party;  whether the hiring party is in business;  the provision of employee benefits;  and the tax treatment of the hired party. Case No. 728  96-7769. Although O'Connor reported a good deal of this conduct to Punzone, Punzone did not report any of O'Connor's complaints to James Wagner, her own supervisor, until January of 1995.  And when Wagner learned of O'Connor's encounters with Davis, he, like Punzone, did nothing to remedy the situation.  Not only is Rockland's internship program not classifiable as a vocational program, Rockland also cannot be said more generally to operate an "education program" because the institution maintains none of the characteristics associated with being an educator.  The environment at Rockland is not, for example, analogous to a teaching hospital's "mixed employment-training context," see Lipsett v. University of Puerto Rico, 864 F.2d 881, 897 (1st Cir.1988);  Henschke v. New York Hosp.-Cornell Med.  Ctr., 821 F.Supp. 166 (S.D.N.Y.1993).  Nor is Rockland's acceptance of volunteers comparable to running an educational or vocational program at a state correctional facility, see, e.g., Jeldness v. Pearce, 30 F.3d 1220, (9th Cir.1994);  Women Prisoners of the Dist. of Columbia Dep't of Corrections v. District of Columbia, 899 F.Supp. 659, 668-69 (D.D.C.1995), as such programs typically provide instructors, evaluations, and offer a particular course of training. In response to the Court's interpretation of Title IX, as well as out of concern that the Grove City definition of "program or activity" would be applied to similar language contained in § 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Congress passed the Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987, Pub.L. No. 100-259, Sec. 3(a), § 908, 102 Stat. 28, 28-29 (1988) (codified at 20 U.S.C. § 1687) ("the 1988 Amendment"), which amended each of the affected statutes, including Title IX, by adding a section broadly redefining the term "program or activity."   See S.Rep. No. 100-64, at 4 (1988) reprinted in 1988 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3, 6;  see also Cohen v. Brown Univ., 991 F.2d 888, 894 (1st Cir.1993).  The amendment to Title IX provides in relevant part: O'Connor's second argument is that the district court erred in dismissing her Title IX claim in the belief that Title IX did not apply to Rockland because Rockland is not an "education program or activity."   O'Connor urges that because Rockland both receives federal financial assistance either through the state, its patients, or its employees, and also operates "vocational training through an organized educational program," Appellant's Brief at 30, it is subject to Title IX's prohibition against sex discrimination--proscribed conduct that includes sexual harassment.  See Franklin v. Gwinnett County Pub. Schs., 503 U.S. 60, 75, 112 S.Ct. 1028, 1037-38, 117 L.Ed.2d 208 (1992);  Kracunas, 119 F.3d at 88-89.  We disagree. However, by modifying the phrase "program or activity," Congress left the modifier "education" intact, and we are bound under ordinary rules of statutory construction to give content to the entire phrase selected by Congress.  See Connecticut Dep't of Income Maintenance v. Heckler, 471 U.S. 524, 530 n. 15, 105 S.Ct. 2210, 2213 n. 15, 85 L.Ed.2d 577 (1985).  In so doing, we think it evident that in order to implicate Title IX in the first instance, an entity must have features such that one could reasonably consider its mission to be, at least in part, educational.  That Congress intended this interpretation can be discerned, if vaguely, in the following example of the effect of the new statute, contained in the Senate Report accompanying the 1988 Amendment:  a school or institution (except an institution of professional or undergraduate higher education) which has as its primary purpose preparation of students to pursue a technical, skilled, or semiskilled occupation or trade ..., whether or not the school or institution offers certificates, diplomas, or degrees and whether or not it offers fulltime study.   O'Connor's internship with Rockland began on September 20, 1994.  The hours O'Connor worked were flexible, although she generally chose to work on Mondays and Wednesdays from approximately 8:00 a.m.  to 4:30 p.m.  because that schedule did not conflict with her regular Marymount classes.  O'Connor regularly attended morning staff meetings with Rockland employees and other volunteers, met with the patients assigned to her both one-on-one and in groups.  She then documented the results of these patient sessions in "process recordings" which were given first to her Rockland supervisor, Lisa Punzone ("Punzone"), and then to faculty at Marymount.     Finally, the fact that Marymount operates an "education program" may not be imputed to Rockland simply because O'Connor was a student at the former while she performed volunteer work with the latter.  Factors that could lead to a different conclusion simply are not present here:  the two entities have no institutional affiliation;  there is no written agreement binding the two entities in any way;  no staff are shared;  no funds are circulated between them;  and, indeed, Marymount students had previously volunteered at Rockland on only a few occasions.  The only hint of a connection between Marymount and Rockland lies in the fact that (1) Marymount contacted Rockland for the purpose of placing O'Connor in an internship, and (2) Marymount appears to base its evaluation of its students' performance during their internships in part on an evaluation prepared by the person who supervised the student on-site--which, in O'Connor's case, would have been Lisa Punzone of Rockland.  Such connections are insufficient to establish Rockland as an agent or arm of Marymount for Title IX purposes.  Rather, we think it clear that Rockland is a state-funded psychiatric hospital, with no affiliation to any educational institution whatsoever, that allows volunteers from a nearby college to perform (with minimal supervision) volunteer work at its facility.  Rockland thus does not conduct an "education program or activity," and O'Connor's Title IX claim was properly dismissed.  Not only did Davis continue to address O'Connor as "Miss Sexual Harassment," he added to his repertoire of inappropriate sexual remarks.  For instance, on one Monday morning, Davis told O'Connor that she looked tired, and that she and her boyfriend must have had "a good time" the night before.  On another occasion, Davis pointed to a picture in a newspaper of a woman dressed only in underwear and announced that O'Connor was the woman photographed.  He also suggested to O'Connor (and other women present) that they should participate in an "orgy."   Finally, on yet another occasion, Davis told O'Connor to remove her clothing in preparation for a meeting with him;  he explained, "Don't you always take your clothes off before you go in the doctor's office?"  At issue in the present case is whether an entity such as Rockland that (1) is a state-run clinic that receives federal money, and (2) permits student-interns from a college with which it has no affiliation to perform volunteer field work at its facility, is subject to Title IX on the ground that it operates an "education program or activity."     If a private hospital corporation is extended federal assistance for its emergency rooms, the pediatrics department, admissions, discharge offices, etc., are covered under Title VI, section 504, and the Age Discrimination Act.  Since Title IX is limited to education programs or activities, it would only apply to the students and employees of educational programs operated by the hospital, if any.    United States Court of Appeals, Second Circuit. In most cases where an attempt has been made to discern the contours of the "conventional master-servant relationship," it has been because a court has been asked to consider whether, under a particular statute, a party is an employee or an independent contractor.  See, e.g., Reid, 490 U.S. at 739-40, 109 S.Ct. at 2172-73 (considering the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. § 101);  Darden, 503 U.S. 318, 322-23, 112 S.Ct. 1344, 1348, 117 L.Ed.2d 581 (1992) (considering ERISA, 29 U.S.C. § 1132(a));  Alford v. United States, 116 F.3d 334, 337-38 (8th Cir.1997) (considering 26 U.S.C. § 62(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code);  Cilecek v. Inova Health Sys. Servs., 115 F.3d 256, 260 (4th Cir.1997) (considering Title VII);  Sharkey v. Ultramar Energy Ltd., 70 F.3d 226, 232 (2d Cir.1995) (considering ERISA).  In this context, the Supreme Court has outlined the following factors, culled from the Restatement of Agency, see Reid, 490 U.S. at 752 n. 31, 109 S.Ct. at 2179 n. 31, and from caselaw, as relevant to the inquiry: While enrolled as a student at Marymount College ("Marymount"), a private Catholic college located in Tarrytown, New York, Bridget O'Connor majored in social work.  As a component of her major, O'Connor was required during her senior year to perform 200 hours of field work at one of several Marymount-approved organizations which, in the past, had included schools, daycare centers, community organizations, correctional facilities, and social service agencies.  Marymount arranged for O'Connor to be placed for her senior-year internship with Rockland, a hospital for the mentally disabled operated by New York State.  Because this internship was considered to be "work study" for financial aid purposes, O'Connor received, through Marymount, federal work study funds for the time she spent performing her volunteer work with Rockland. Finally, at some point in January of 1995, O'Connor left Rockland;  however, Marymount arranged for her to complete her internship at another facility.   S.Rep. No. 100-64, at 18 (1988) reprinted in 1988 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3, 20.   While expanding the reach of Title IX to include all departments or branches of an educational institution or program that receives federal funding, the foregoing suggests to us that the 1988 Amendment did not purport to alter the preliminary requirement that the entity funded operate an "education program."   Also in January of 1995, O'Connor complained to Virginia Kaiser, Marymount's social work field instructor, who in turn brought Davis's conduct to the attention of Madeline Connolly, Rockland's director of social work.  Connolly then notified Wilbur T. Aldridge, Rockland's affirmative action administrator, who thereafter investigated O'Connor's complaint. Dr. James Davis ("Davis") worked as a licensed psychiatrist at Rockland.  Approximately two days after O'Connor began her internship, Davis referred to O'Connor, in her presence, as "Miss Sexual Harassment"--a term Davis later explained was intended, as a compliment, to convey the idea that O'Connor was physically attractive and, as such, was likely to be the object of sexual harassment.  O'Connor promptly complained about Davis's comment to Punzone, who explained that Davis made similar comments to her, and that O'Connor should try her best to ignore him.  1 The Honorable Gerald W. Heaney of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, sitting by designationIn a ruling not challenged on appeal, the district court also found that the plaintiff had abandoned the claims she brought pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1983 O'Connor was apparently not Davis's only target;  he also commented regularly on the physical appearance of a number of women employed at Rockland, and directed sexual jokes and sexually suggestive noises at them--particularly, as Davis put it, on occasions when he thought the women "looked very well that day."   Davis also made "jokes" about female patients--suggesting in one instance that a women patient would benefit from sterilization and, on another occasion, when considering a woman patient who was an incest victim, stating:  "the family that plays together stays together."   20 U.S.C. § 1687.  Following the 1988 Amendment, courts have consistently interpreted Title IX to mean that if one arm of a university or state agency receives federal funds, the entire entity is subject to Title IX's proscription against sex discrimination.  See Horner v. Kentucky High Sch. Athletic Ass'n, 43 F.3d 265, 271 (6th Cir.1994);  Cohen, 991 F.2d at 894. Before: WALKER, PARKER, and HEANEY*, Circuit Judges.      In March of 1995, O'Connor filed the instant action against Marymount, Rockland, the State of New York, and various Marymount and Rockland employees, alleging, inter alia, sexual harassment in violation of Title VII, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e, et seq., and Title IX, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681, et seq.   The action was eventually discontinued against Marymount, Punzone, Wagner, Connolly, and Davis himself.  The remaining defendants (Rockland and New York State) moved for summary judgment on several grounds.  First, they argued that the plaintiff's Title VII claim should be dismissed because O'Connor was not an "employee" of Rockland within the meaning of Title VII.  Second, the defendants argued that the Title IX claim should be dismissed because Rockland was not an "educational institution" as set forth in Title IX.  Finally, the defendants argued that O'Connor failed to establish a prima facie case of sexual harassment.  (1)(A) a department, agency, special purpose district, or other instrumentality of a State or of a local government;  or Summary judgment may not be granted unless the court determines that there are no genuine issues of material fact in dispute and that the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.  See Fed.R.Civ.P. 56(c);  Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 247-48, 106 S.Ct. 2505, 2509-10, 91 L.Ed.2d 202 (1986).  Because summary judgment was granted against O'Connor, we consider all of the evidence in the light most favorable to her.  See Kracunas v. Iona College, 119 F.3d 80, 82-83 (2d Cir.1997).I. Title VII  Reid, 490 U.S. at 751-52, 109 S.Ct. at 2178-79 (footnotes omitted).  We believe that the preliminary question of remuneration is dispositive in this case.  It is uncontested that O'Connor received from Rockland no salary or other wages, and no employee benefits such as health insurance, vacation, or sick pay, nor was she promised any such compensation.  This case thus differs from Haavistola v. Community Fire Co., in which the Fourth Circuit considered whether a volunteer member of a fire company was an employee for Title VII purposes where "[o]n the one hand, [plaintiff] did not receive direct compensation as a member of the Fire Company, but, on the other hand, she did not affiliate with the company without reward entirely."  6 F.3d 211, 221 (4th Cir.1993).  The court then noted that the plaintiff received, through her volunteer position, a state-funded disability pension, survivors' benefits for dependents, scholarships for dependents upon death or disability, group life insurance, and several other benefits.  See id.   The court concluded that the district court granted summary judgment improvidently, given that a factfinder should determine whether "the benefits represent indirect but significant remuneration ... or inconsequential incidents of an otherwise gratuitous relationship."  Id. at 222.     In Grove City College v. Bell, 465 U.S. 555, 571-75, 104 S.Ct. 1211, 1220-22, 79 L.Ed.2d 516 (1984) the Supreme Court considered the meaning of Title IX's phrase "education program or activity" and defined it narrowly, holding that by referring to particular activities or programs, Congress intended that Title IX apply only to the particular program receiving financial assistance.  Thus, in Grove City, the Court found that the receipt by students of federal grants did not trigger institution-wide Title IX coverage, but only coverage of the school's financial aid program.  Id. at 573-74, 104 S.Ct. at 1221-22.  This "essential condition" of remuneration has been recognized in this Circuit as well.  In Tadros v. Coleman, 898 F.2d 10, 11 (2d Cir.1990), we explicitly upheld the dismissal of the Title VII claims of a plaintiff who worked as a volunteer on the faculty of Cornell Medical College on the ground that the plaintiff was not an employee under Title VII.  As a volunteer, the plaintiff received no salary, health benefits, retirement benefits, and also had no regular hours assigned to him by the hospital.  In concluding that the plaintiff was not an employee, the district court in Tadros held that "[a] Title VII plaintiff is only an 'employee' if the defendant both pays him and controls his work."  717 F.Supp. 996, 1004 (S.D.N.Y.1989). In an opinion and order dated May 20, 1996, the district court granted the defendants' summary judgment motion, agreeing that O'Connor was not an "employee" under Title VII and that Rockland was not an "educational institution" under Title IX.  Because of this disposition, the district court did not reach the defendants' assertion that O'Connor failed to establish a prima facie case of sexual harassment.    Preliminarily, in light of O'Connor's contention that Rockland's internship program is analogous to vocational training, it is instructive to look to 34 C.F.R. § 106.2, which defines for Title IX purposes the term "institution of vocational education" as: [n]o person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance. O'Connor's first argument on appeal is that the district court improperly concluded that she was not a Rockland employee within the meaning of Title VII.  She argues that although she worked at Rockland as an unpaid intern, she nevertheless satisfies the common-law agency definition of "employee."   We disagree. 
 All Content © 2007-2012 The Judicial View, L.L.C. All Right Reserved.
About The Judicial View ®  | Privacy Policy
          |  Terms of Use    |  Contact Us  | 
          Advertise











 




PKF O'Connor Davies | Accountants and advisors


























































The OD Story


Services


Back


Services


Accounting and Assurance


Back


Accounting and Assurance


Accounting Outsourcing


Agreed Upon Procedures


Audits Reviews and Compilations


Employee Benefit Plans


Government Entity Audits and Compliance


International Financial Reporting Standards IFRS


IT Audit and Cybersecurity Reviews


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB




Tax


Back


Tax


Employee Benefit Planning and Tax Compliance


International Tax Services


IRS Representation and Tax Controversies


Personal Financial Planning


Private Foundation Services


State and Local Tax SALT


Tax Compliance and Reporting


Tax Research and Strategic Planning


Tax-Exempt Organizations


Trust and Estate Planning




Family Office


Back


Advisory Services


Accounting and Reporting


Advisory


Charitable Giving


Investment Monitoring and Oversight


Personal Financial Management


Tax Planning


Wealth Planning




Advisory Services


Back


Advisory Services





Management Advisory Services


Risk Advisory Services


Specialty Industry Advisory Services


Transaction and Financial Advisory Services


Wealth Services






People


Industries


Back


Industries


Affordable Housing


Architecture and Engineering


Banking


Construction


Consumer Products and Retail


Education


Employee Benefits Plan


Entrepreneurial and Family-Owned Business


Family Office


Financial Institutions


Government and Public Sector Government Contracting


Health Care


Hedge Funds


Hospitality


Life Sciences


Manufacturing and Distributions


Medical Practices


Not-For-Profit Organizations


Private Clubs


Private Equity


Private Foundations


Professional Services Law Firms


Professional Trade Membership Associations and Societies


Real Estate


Sports and Entertainment


Technology




Insights


Back


Insights


News and Press Releases


Publications




Events


Contact Us


Sign Up for Our Newsletter


Clients


Careers


Locations












































©2016 O'Connor Davies, LLP

                            As a Certified Public Accounting firm, we provide accounting, auditing, tax  and management advisory services to domestic and international clients.
                        














Our Story


Services


People


Industries


Insights


Careers


Events


#















				Know  Greater  Value
		   


We exist to serve clients at a higher level — going beyond passive value protection to active value creation at every step of every engagement. Are you getting the value you deserve?


Learn More >















				Know Greater Insights
		   


Our experts write the research, create the tips and deliver the thinking that helps our clients stay ahead of the trends and ahead of the competition. Heard any leading thoughts lately?


Learn More >















				Know  Greater Service
		   


We know that great service isn't just about serving. It's about solving problems. It's about strategic thinking. It's about being one step ahead. Are you falling behind?


Learn More >















				Know Greater  Connections
		   


From healthcare to hospitality to bankruptcy and wealth services, we build deeper client connections that drive efficiencies, uncover opportunities and manage risk. How connected are you?


Learn More >






























Featured Resource



Form 5500 Filing Reminder and Information on Employee Assistance and Wellness Plans
We would like to remind our readers that the filing date for Form 5500 is fast-approaching.  
Read More  


  











Get to Know:
Ann Buscaglia 

                                Partner


More






 Client Testimonial: Wayne Nussbickel, President & CEO of N&S Supply



More





Business Continuity: What's at Risk?
Join Mark Bednarz and Larry Baye of our Risk Advisory Services Group for a complimentary webinar on Business Continuity.


More






 The Value Series: Non Profit Compliance and Fundraising



More





PKF O’Connor Davies Named ‘Tax Advice’ Award Winner by Family Wealth Report
Industry honor recognizes Family Office Division for excellence in private client category at FWR Awards 2017.


More










 Connected Globally 
PKF O'Connor Davies is the leading North American firm in 
PKF International, a global network of independent accounting and  
			advisory firms located in 440 cities and 150 countries around the world.



90 Locations
North America




36 Locations
South America




210 Locations
Europe




48 Locations
Africa




50 Locations
Asia













News Feed










Follow us on You Tube.
				






Follow us on LinkedIn.
				



Tweets by @PKFOD





O'Connor Davies, LLP



















O'Connor Davies Employee Reviews | ComparablyComparablySee how O'Connor Davies employees rate their workplace, and add your review anonymously. Comparably makes work better by making culture and compensation transparent.Company Owner, Exec or HR Leader? Claim This Page O'Connor Davies1Employee  Participants<15Total  RatingsCEO CultureLeadershipReviewsJobsBenchmarksAboutQ&ANEWCultureLeadershipReviewsJobsBenchmarksAboutQ&A (NEW)Rate your companyNo DataNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataExecutive rating?NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataPaid fairly?No DataNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataQuality of coworkers? 7 or less 0% 8 0% 10 0% 12 0% More than 12 0%NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataWork hours per day?No DataNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataFuture outlook?DepartmentAll DepartmentsEngineeringProductDesignMarketingExecutiveOperationsAdminBusiness DevelopmentFinanceCommunicationsCustomer SupportHRITLegalSalesAll DepartmentsEngineeringProductDesignMarketingExecutiveOperationsAdminBusiness DevelopmentFinanceCommunicationsCustomer SupportHRITLegalSalesYears at Current CompanyAll Years at CompanyLess Than 1 Year1 to 2 Years2 to 5 Years5 to 10 YearsOver 10 YearsEthnicityAll EthnicitiesCaucasianHispanic or LatinoAfrican AmericanAsian or Pacific IslanderNative AmericanOtherGenderAll GendersMaleFemaleOKFewer Options More Options Do you work at this company?Rate Your CompanyORKnow someone that works at O'Connor Davies?Send InviteLeadershipNo Dataout of 100NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataExecutive rating?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNo Dataout of 100NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataCEO rating?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNo Dataout of 100NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataManager rating?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingCompensationScore: 100/100 Top 5%Compared to other companies of similar size in the USNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataPaid fairly?QuestionDo you believe you're paid fairly?Share this page or Click here to add your ratingNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataSatisfied with stock/equity?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataSatisfied with benefits?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingTeamNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataMeeting effective?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataCoworker interaction?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNo Dataout of 100NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataQuality of coworkers?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingEnvironment 7 or less 0% 8 0% 10 0% 12 0% More than 12 0%NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataWork hours per day?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your rating Extremely fast 0% Comfortably fast 0% Moderate 0% A bit slow 0% Bureaucratic 0%NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataPace at work?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your rating Positive 0% Negative 0%NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataPositive work environment?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingSentimentNo Dataout of 100NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataFuture outlook?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your rating Fantastic 0% Good 0% Neutral 0% Bad 0% Terrible 0%NO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataCustomer perception?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingNO RESULTS stay tuned for more dataExcited going to work?QuestionShare this page or Click here to add your ratingWorking at O'Connor DaviesBenchmarks1 employees at O'Connor Davies have reviewed O'Connor Davies across various culture dimensions, providing their opinions on items ranging from executive ratings to the pace at work. The latest review was 432 days ago.Employees at O'Connor Davies are mostly dissatisfied with their total compensation at O'Connor Davies, which includes a combination of pay, stock and equity, and benefits. Overall, 1 Participants rate their compensation at O'Connor Davies a D, or 33 out of 100.

Davis O Oconnor                                                                                                          - Denver                                            , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Denver



Legal Services



General Practice Attorney, Lawyer



                            Davis O Oconnor
                                    



 





















D 


Davis O Oconnor                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



555 17TH ST DENVER, CO 80202
Get Directions



(303) 295-8081
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $93,895.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries General Practice Attorney, Lawyer
 Contacts Davis O Oconnor                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Davis O Oconnor                                                                                                          is located at 555 17th St in Denver and has been in the business of General Practice Attorney, Lawyer since 2011. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



































 



 O’Connor Davies, LLP Promotes Five New Partners 
         










    










 






 











 









O'Connor Davies, LLP Promotes Five New Partners

Feb 18, 2014, 08:28 ET
		  		  					
						 from   O'Connor Davies, LLP 











 
















































 

 




















 


HARRISON, N.Y., Feb. 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- O'Connor Davies, LLP, a leading Certified Public Accounting and consulting firm with offices in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, is pleased to announce the following promotions to Partner:
Robert Cordero, Partner in the Accounting and Auditing Practice
Robert Cordero is a Partner of the Firm with more than 12 years of experience in public accounting.  Mr. Cordero specializes in auditing and business consulting, working with several types of organizations, including private schools, general charities and other not-for-profit organizations, government and commercial entities.  A frequent lecturer, he presents continuing professional education courses to members of the Firm's staff and has authored numerous accounting articles.  Mr. Cordero is a member of the Firm's Accounting and Auditing Committee and is based in the Firm's Harrison, NY and New York City offices.  He can be reached at rcordero@odpkf.com and 914-381-8900 or 212-286-2600. 
Joseph Izzo, Partner in the Accounting and Auditing Practice
Joseph Izzo is a Partner of the Firm and has over 13 years of experience serving both not-for-profit and commercial clients on audit and tax engagements.  He has served a variety of clients, including a large subsidiary of an international manufacturing company and not-for-profit organizations, including social service agencies, foundations, fundraising, churches and faith-based organizations, and those receiving government funding.  He also serves several clients with large invested endowments.  Mr. Izzo is a member of the Firm's Accounting and Auditing and Continuing Professional Education Committees.  He is based in the Firm's New York City office and can be reached at jizzo@odpkf.com and 212-286-2600.
Gemma Leddy, Partner and Director of O'Connor Davies Wealth Services
Gemma Leddy is a Partner of the Firm and the Director of O'Connor Davies Wealth Services.  Ms. Leddy has more than 25 years of experience in public accounting and in the private sector.  She provides comprehensive financial management and CFO services to high-net worth individuals, family offices, executives, entrepreneurs and their businesses.  Ms. Leddy's experience encompasses a wide range of industries, including investment companies, art and antique galleries, museums, technology and human resource service companies, real estate, manufacturing, retail, construction, magazine publishing, charitable organizations and private foundations.  She is based in the Firm's Harrison, NY office and can be reached at gleddy@odpkf.com and 914-381-8900.
Christine Pronek, Partner in the Estate and Trust Practice
Christine G. Pronek is a Partner in the Estate and Trust Practice of the Firm.  Ms. Pronek has more than 15 years of experience in public accounting and several years of experience with the Internal Revenue Service.  She has experience in all areas of taxation, including corporate, individual and partnerships.  Ms. Pronek's areas of specialty are estate and trust planning; estate, trust and gift compliance; and foreign financial reporting.  She is based in the Firm's Cranford, NJ office and can be reached at cpronek@odpkf.com and 908-272-6200.
Michael Provini, Partner in the Financial Services Practice Group
Michael Provini is a Partner in the Firm's Financial Services Practice Group.  Mr. Provini has more than 20 of experience in public accounting and his expertise is in audit, tax and consulting services for a variety of financial service clients.  Mr. Provini's experience includes hedge funds, fund of funds, private equity funds, offshore funds, master-feeder structures, commodity pools, private foundations, employee benefit plans, family offices and registered investment advisors. He is responsible for coordinating and managing the audit and attest services for the Firm's Financial Services Practice Group.  He is based in the Firm's New York City office and can be reached at mprovini@odpkf.com and 212-286-2600.
About O'Connor Davies, LLP
O'Connor Davies, LLP is a full service Certified Public Accounting and consulting firm that has a long history of serving clients both domestically and internationally and providing specialized professional services of the highest quality.  With roots tracing to 1891, seven offices located in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, and more than 500 professionals including 84 partners, the Firm provides a complete range of accounting, auditing, tax and management advisory services.  O'Connor Davies is ranked number 36 in Accounting Today's 2013 "Top 100 Firms" in the United States.  Inside Public Accounting recognizes the Firm as a 2013 "All-Star Firm" and one the 2013 "Fastest Growing Firms."  The Firm is also within the 20 largest accounting firms in the New York Metropolitan area according to Crain's New York Business and the Westchester and Fairfield County Business Journals.
O'Connor Davies, LLP is a member firm of the PKF International Limited network of legally independent firms and does not accept any responsibility or liability for the actions or inactions on the part of any other individual member firm or firms.
www.odpkf.com 



Contact:





New York, NY 212.286.2600212.867.8000





Harrison, NY914.381.8900





Stamford, CT203.323.2400





Paramus, NJ201.712.9800





Cranford, NJ908.272.6200





New Windsor, NY845.220.2400





Wethersfield, CT860.257.1870

 SOURCE  O'Connor Davies, LLP  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.odpkf.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 16, 2014, 10:02 ET
Preview: O'Connor Davies, LLP and Focus 1 Associates LLC Announce Strategic Alliance in Regulatory Compliance













Jan 21, 2014, 08:30 ET
Preview: O'Connor Davies, LLP and Mersel, Klein & Company, LLP Announce Merger






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




 126 F3d 112 O'Connor v. Davis | OpenJurist







 



All of OpenJurist
All Federal Opinions
Supreme Opinions
Law Dictionary
US Code
Federal Judges
Federal Courts
School & Library
Prime Contracts
Legal Practice Areas
 


Legal Research
Law Dictionaries
Law Schools
Federal Judges
Federal Courts
Federal Contracts
 



126 F. 3d 112 - O'Connor v. Davis 


HomeFederal Reporter, Third Series126 F.3d





126 F3d 112 O'Connor v. Davis 

126 F.3d 112
74 Fair Empl.Prac.Cas. (BNA) 1561, 121 Ed. LawRep. 517
Bridget O'CONNOR, Plaintiff-Appellant,v.James DAVIS, Dr., Rockland Psychiatric Center, and State ofNew York, Defendants-Appellees.
No. 728 Docket 96-7769.
United States Court of Appeals,Second Circuit.
Argued Jan. 29, 1997.Decided Sept. 19, 1997.

Craig T. Dickinson, White Plains, NY (Jonathan Lovett, Lovett & Gould, White Plains, NY, on the brief), for Plaintiff-Appellant.
Janine M. Spinnato, Assistant Attorney General, New York City (Dennis C. Vacco, Attorney General, New York City, Thomas D. Hughes, Assistant Attorney General, New York City, on the brief), for Defendants-Appellees.
Before: WALKER, PARKER, and HEANEY*, Circuit Judges.
WALKER, Circuit Judge:


 
Advertisement


1
Plaintiff-appellant Bridget O'Connor ("O'Connor") appeals from the May 23, 1996, judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Brieant, J.) granting the summary judgment motion of defendants-appellees Rockland Psychiatric Center ("Rockland") and the State of New York and dismissing O'Connor's sexual harassment claims, which were brought pursuant to both Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, § 706(e), as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e, et seq. ("Title VII"), and Title IX of Education Amendments of 1972, § 901(a), as amended, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681, et seq. ("Title IX"). For the following reasons, we affirm.

BACKGROUND

2
While enrolled as a student at Marymount College ("Marymount"), a private Catholic college located in Tarrytown, New York, Bridget O'Connor majored in social work. As a component of her major, O'Connor was required during her senior year to perform 200 hours of field work at one of several Marymount-approved organizations which, in the past, had included schools, daycare centers, community organizations, correctional facilities, and social service agencies. Marymount arranged for O'Connor to be placed for her senior-year internship with Rockland, a hospital for the mentally disabled operated by New York State. Because this internship was considered to be "work study" for financial aid purposes, O'Connor received, through Marymount, federal work study funds for the time she spent performing her volunteer work with Rockland.


3
O'Connor's internship with Rockland began on September 20, 1994. The hours O'Connor worked were flexible, although she generally chose to work on Mondays and Wednesdays from approximately 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. because that schedule did not conflict with her regular Marymount classes. O'Connor regularly attended morning staff meetings with Rockland employees and other volunteers, met with the patients assigned to her both one-on-one and in groups. She then documented the results of these patient sessions in "process recordings" which were given first to her Rockland supervisor, Lisa Punzone ("Punzone"), and then to faculty at Marymount.


4
Dr. James Davis ("Davis") worked as a licensed psychiatrist at Rockland. Approximately two days after O'Connor began her internship, Davis referred to O'Connor, in her presence, as "Miss Sexual Harassment"--a term Davis later explained was intended, as a compliment, to convey the idea that O'Connor was physically attractive and, as such, was likely to be the object of sexual harassment. O'Connor promptly complained about Davis's comment to Punzone, who explained that Davis made similar comments to her, and that O'Connor should try her best to ignore him.


5
Not only did Davis continue to address O'Connor as "Miss Sexual Harassment," he added to his repertoire of inappropriate sexual remarks. For instance, on one Monday morning, Davis told O'Connor that she looked tired, and that she and her boyfriend must have had "a good time" the night before. On another occasion, Davis pointed to a picture in a newspaper of a woman dressed only in underwear and announced that O'Connor was the woman photographed. He also suggested to O'Connor (and other women present) that they should participate in an "orgy." Finally, on yet another occasion, Davis told O'Connor to remove her clothing in preparation for a meeting with him; he explained, "Don't you always take your clothes off before you go in the doctor's office?"


6
O'Connor was apparently not Davis's only target; he also commented regularly on the physical appearance of a number of women employed at Rockland, and directed sexual jokes and sexually suggestive noises at them--particularly, as Davis put it, on occasions when he thought the women "looked very well that day." Davis also made "jokes" about female patients--suggesting in one instance that a women patient would benefit from sterilization and, on another occasion, when considering a woman patient who was an incest victim, stating: "the family that plays together stays together."


7
Although O'Connor reported a good deal of this conduct to Punzone, Punzone did not report any of O'Connor's complaints to James Wagner, her own supervisor, until January of 1995. And when Wagner learned of O'Connor's encounters with Davis, he, like Punzone, did nothing to remedy the situation.


 
Advertisement


8
Also in January of 1995, O'Connor complained to Virginia Kaiser, Marymount's social work field instructor, who in turn brought Davis's conduct to the attention of Madeline Connolly, Rockland's director of social work. Connolly then notified Wilbur T. Aldridge, Rockland's affirmative action administrator, who thereafter investigated O'Connor's complaint.


9
Finally, at some point in January of 1995, O'Connor left Rockland; however, Marymount arranged for her to complete her internship at another facility.


10
In March of 1995, O'Connor filed the instant action against Marymount, Rockland, the State of New York, and various Marymount and Rockland employees, alleging, inter alia, sexual harassment in violation of Title VII, 42 U.S.C. § 2000e, et seq., and Title IX, 20 U.S.C. §§ 1681, et seq. The action was eventually discontinued against Marymount, Punzone, Wagner, Connolly, and Davis himself. The remaining defendants (Rockland and New York State) moved for summary judgment on several grounds. First, they argued that the plaintiff's Title VII claim should be dismissed because O'Connor was not an "employee" of Rockland within the meaning of Title VII. Second, the defendants argued that the Title IX claim should be dismissed because Rockland was not an "educational institution" as set forth in Title IX. Finally, the defendants argued that O'Connor failed to establish a prima facie case of sexual harassment.


11
In an opinion and order dated May 20, 1996, the district court granted the defendants' summary judgment motion, agreeing that O'Connor was not an "employee" under Title VII and that Rockland was not an "educational institution" under Title IX.1 Because of this disposition, the district court did not reach the defendants' assertion that O'Connor failed to establish a prima facie case of sexual harassment.

DISCUSSION

12
Summary judgment may not be granted unless the court determines that there are no genuine issues of material fact in dispute and that the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. See Fed.R.Civ.P. 56(c); Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 247-48, 106 S.Ct. 2505, 2509-10, 91 L.Ed.2d 202 (1986). Because summary judgment was granted against O'Connor, we consider all of the evidence in the light most favorable to her. See Kracunas v. Iona College, 119 F.3d 80, 82-83 (2d Cir.1997).I. Title VII


13
O'Connor's first argument on appeal is that the district court improperly concluded that she was not a Rockland employee within the meaning of Title VII. She argues that although she worked at Rockland as an unpaid intern, she nevertheless satisfies the common-law agency definition of "employee." We disagree.


14
The definition of the term "employee" provided in Title VII is circular: the Act states only that an "employee" is an "individual employed by an employer." 42 U.S.C. § 2000e(f); see also EEOC v. Johnson & Higgins, 91 F.3d 1529, 1538 (2d Cir.1996). However, it is well established that when Congress uses the term "employee" without defining it with precision, courts should presume that Congress had in mind "the conventional master-servant relationship as understood by the common-law agency doctrine." Nationwide Mut. Ins. Co. v. Darden, 503 U.S. 318, 322-23, 112 S.Ct. 1344, 1348, 117 L.Ed.2d 581 (1992) (quoting Community for Creative Non-Violence v. Reid, 490 U.S. 730, 739-40, 109 S.Ct. 2166, 2172-73, 104 L.Ed.2d 811 (1989)); see also Walters v. Metropolitan Educ. Enters., Inc., --- U.S. ----, ----, 117 S.Ct. 660, 666, 136 L.Ed.2d 644 (1997); Frankel v. Bally, Inc., 987 F.2d 86, 90 (2d Cir.1993).


15
In most cases where an attempt has been made to discern the contours of the "conventional master-servant relationship," it has been because a court has been asked to consider whether, under a particular statute, a party is an employee or an independent contractor. See, e.g., Reid, 490 U.S. at 739-40, 109 S.Ct. at 2172-73 (considering the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. § 101); Darden, 503 U.S. 318, 322-23, 112 S.Ct. 1344, 1348, 117 L.Ed.2d 581 (1992) (considering ERISA, 29 U.S.C. § 1132(a)); Alford v. United States, 116 F.3d 334, 337-38 (8th Cir.1997) (considering 26 U.S.C. § 62(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code); Cilecek v. Inova Health Sys. Servs., 115 F.3d 256, 260 (4th Cir.1997) (considering Title VII); Sharkey v. Ultramar Energy Ltd., 70 F.3d 226, 232 (2d Cir.1995) (considering ERISA). In this context, the Supreme Court has outlined the following factors, culled from the Restatement of Agency, see Reid, 490 U.S. at 752 n. 31, 109 S.Ct. at 2179 n. 31, and from caselaw, as relevant to the inquiry:


16
In determining whether a hired party is an employee under the general common law of agency, we consider the hiring party's right to control the manner and means by which the product is accomplished. Among the other factors relevant to this inquiry are the skill required; the source of the instrumentalities and tools; the location of the work; the duration of the relationship between the parties; whether the hiring party has the right to assign additional projects to the hired party; the extent of the hired party's discretion over when and how long to work; the method of payment; the hired party's role in hiring and paying assistants; whether the work is part of the regular business of the hiring party; whether the hiring party is in business; the provision of employee benefits; and the tax treatment of the hired party.


17
Reid, 490 U.S. at 751-52, 109 S.Ct. at 2178-79 (footnotes omitted).


18
Both parties on appeal (and the district court below) addressed themselves to the question of whether or not O'Connor was an employee within this framework. However, we think that this analysis is flawed because it ignores the antecedent question of whether O'Connor was hired by Rockland for any purpose. As the Supreme Court suggests, the common feature shared by both the employee and the independent contractor is that they are "hired part[ies]," id., and thus, a prerequisite to considering whether an individual is one or the other under common-law agency principles is that the individual have been hired in the first instance. That is, only where a "hire" has occurred should the common-law agency analysis be undertaken.


19
Other courts have agreed with this view. As the Eighth Circuit has explained, courts turn to common-law principles to analyze the character of an economic relationship "only in situations that plausibly approximate an employment relationship." Graves v. Women's Prof'l Rodeo Assoc., 907 F.2d 71, 74 (8th Cir.1990). Where no financial benefit is obtained by the purported employee from the employer, no "plausible" employment relationship of any sort can be said to exist because although "compensation by the putative employer to the putative employee in exchange for his services is not a sufficient condition, ... it is an essential condition to the existence of an employer-employee relationship." Graves, 907 F.2d at 73. See also Neff v. Civil Air Patrol, 916 F.Supp. 710, 712-13 (S.D.Ohio, 1996); Smith v. Berks Community Television, 657 F.Supp. 794, 796 (E.D.Pa.1987); cf. Haavistola v. Community Fire Co., 6 F.3d 211, 219 (4th Cir.1993).


20
This "essential condition" of remuneration has been recognized in this Circuit as well. In Tadros v. Coleman, 898 F.2d 10, 11 (2d Cir.1990), we explicitly upheld the dismissal of the Title VII claims of a plaintiff who worked as a volunteer on the faculty of Cornell Medical College on the ground that the plaintiff was not an employee under Title VII. As a volunteer, the plaintiff received no salary, health benefits, retirement benefits, and also had no regular hours assigned to him by the hospital. In concluding that the plaintiff was not an employee, the district court in Tadros held that "[a] Title VII plaintiff is only an 'employee' if the defendant both pays him and controls his work." 717 F.Supp. 996, 1004 (S.D.N.Y.1989).


21
We believe that the preliminary question of remuneration is dispositive in this case. It is uncontested that O'Connor received from Rockland no salary or other wages, and no employee benefits such as health insurance, vacation, or sick pay, nor was she promised any such compensation.2 This case thus differs from Haavistola v. Community Fire Co., in which the Fourth Circuit considered whether a volunteer member of a fire company was an employee for Title VII purposes where "[o]n the one hand, [plaintiff] did not receive direct compensation as a member of the Fire Company, but, on the other hand, she did not affiliate with the company without reward entirely." 6 F.3d 211, 221 (4th Cir.1993). The court then noted that the plaintiff received, through her volunteer position, a state-funded disability pension, survivors' benefits for dependents, scholarships for dependents upon death or disability, group life insurance, and several other benefits. See id. The court concluded that the district court granted summary judgment improvidently, given that a factfinder should determine whether "the benefits represent indirect but significant remuneration ... or inconsequential incidents of an otherwise gratuitous relationship." Id. at 222.


22
Because the absence of either direct or indirect economic remuneration or the promise thereof is undisputed in this case, we agree with the district court that O'Connor was not a Rockland employee within the meaning of Title VII and thus that her discrimination claim under that statute must fail.

II. Title IX

23
O'Connor's second argument is that the district court erred in dismissing her Title IX claim in the belief that Title IX did not apply to Rockland because Rockland is not an "education program or activity." O'Connor urges that because Rockland both receives federal financial assistance either through the state, its patients, or its employees, and also operates "vocational training through an organized educational program," Appellant's Brief at 30, it is subject to Title IX's prohibition against sex discrimination--proscribed conduct that includes sexual harassment. See Franklin v. Gwinnett County Pub. Schs., 503 U.S. 60, 75, 112 S.Ct. 1028, 1037-38, 117 L.Ed.2d 208 (1992); Kracunas, 119 F.3d at 88-89. We disagree.

Title IX provides in pertinent part that

24
[n]o person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance.


25
20 U.S.C. § 1681(a). Title IX has been construed to prohibit gender discrimination against students and employees alike in educational institutions that receive federal funding. See Murray v. New York Univ. College of Dentistry, 57 F.3d 243, 248 (2d Cir.1995) (citing North Haven Bd. of Educ. v. Bell, 456 U.S. 512, 520-34, 102 S.Ct. 1912, 1917-25, 72 L.Ed.2d 299 (1982)).


26
At issue in the present case is whether an entity such as Rockland that (1) is a state-run clinic that receives federal money,3 and (2) permits student-interns from a college with which it has no affiliation to perform volunteer field work at its facility, is subject to Title IX on the ground that it operates an "education program or activity."


27
In Grove City College v. Bell, 465 U.S. 555, 571-75, 104 S.Ct. 1211, 1220-22, 79 L.Ed.2d 516 (1984) the Supreme Court considered the meaning of Title IX's phrase "education program or activity" and defined it narrowly, holding that by referring to particular activities or programs, Congress intended that Title IX apply only to the particular program receiving financial assistance. Thus, in Grove City, the Court found that the receipt by students of federal grants did not trigger institution-wide Title IX coverage, but only coverage of the school's financial aid program. Id. at 573-74, 104 S.Ct. at 1221-22.


28
In response to the Court's interpretation of Title IX, as well as out of concern that the Grove City definition of "program or activity" would be applied to similar language contained in § 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Congress passed the Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987, Pub.L. No. 100-259, Sec. 3(a), § 908, 102 Stat. 28, 28-29 (1988) (codified at 20 U.S.C. § 1687) ("the 1988 Amendment"), which amended each of the affected statutes, including Title IX, by adding a section broadly redefining the term "program or activity." See S.Rep. No. 100-64, at 4 (1988) reprinted in 1988 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3, 6; see also Cohen v. Brown Univ., 991 F.2d 888, 894 (1st Cir.1993). The amendment to Title IX provides in relevant part:


29
For the purposes of this chapter, the term "program or activity" and "program" mean all of the operations of--


30
(1)(A) a department, agency, special purpose district, or other instrumentality of a State or of a local government; or


31
(B) the entity of such State or local government that distributes such assistance and each such department or agency ... to which the assistance [to a State or local government] is extended;


32
(2)(A) a college, university, postsecondary institution, or a public system of higher education; or


33
(B) a local educational agency ..., system of vocational education, or other school system....


34
any part of which is extended Federal financial assistance.


35
20 U.S.C. § 1687. Following the 1988 Amendment, courts have consistently interpreted Title IX to mean that if one arm of a university or state agency receives federal funds, the entire entity is subject to Title IX's proscription against sex discrimination. See Horner v. Kentucky High Sch. Athletic Ass'n, 43 F.3d 265, 271 (6th Cir.1994); Cohen, 991 F.2d at 894.


36
However, by modifying the phrase "program or activity," Congress left the modifier "education" intact, and we are bound under ordinary rules of statutory construction to give content to the entire phrase selected by Congress. See Connecticut Dep't of Income Maintenance v. Heckler, 471 U.S. 524, 530 n. 15, 105 S.Ct. 2210, 2213 n. 15, 85 L.Ed.2d 577 (1985). In so doing, we think it evident that in order to implicate Title IX in the first instance, an entity must have features such that one could reasonably consider its mission to be, at least in part, educational. That Congress intended this interpretation can be discerned, if vaguely, in the following example of the effect of the new statute, contained in the Senate Report accompanying the 1988 Amendment:


37
If a private hospital corporation is extended federal assistance for its emergency rooms, the pediatrics department, admissions, discharge offices, etc., are covered under Title VI, section 504, and the Age Discrimination Act. Since Title IX is limited to education programs or activities, it would only apply to the students and employees of educational programs operated by the hospital, if any.


38
S.Rep. No. 100-64, at 18 (1988) reprinted in 1988 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3, 20. While expanding the reach of Title IX to include all departments or branches of an educational institution or program that receives federal funding, the foregoing suggests to us that the 1988 Amendment did not purport to alter the preliminary requirement that the entity funded operate an "education program."


39
Although the term "education" is not defined by the regulations governing Title IX and has not been construed by this court, O'Connor argues that because Rockland provides its volunteers with some modicum of on-the-job training, Rockland therefore provides vocational training, and, on that basis, may be considered to operate an organized educational program. We decline, however, to convert Rockland's willingness to accept volunteers into conduct analogous to administering an "education program" as contemplated by Title IX.


40
Preliminarily, in light of O'Connor's contention that Rockland's internship program is analogous to vocational training, it is instructive to look to 34 C.F.R. § 106.2, which defines for Title IX purposes the term "institution of vocational education" as:


41
a school or institution (except an institution of professional or undergraduate higher education) which has as its primary purpose preparation of students to pursue a technical, skilled, or semiskilled occupation or trade ..., whether or not the school or institution offers certificates, diplomas, or degrees and whether or not it offers fulltime study.


42
24 C.F.R. § 106.2(n) (emphasis supplied). Rockland plainly does not satisfy this definition, as its "primary purpose" is in no sense to educate: it accepts no tuition, has no teachers, has no evaluation process, and requires no regular hours or course of study for its volunteer workers.


43
Not only is Rockland's internship program not classifiable as a vocational program, Rockland also cannot be said more generally to operate an "education program" because the institution maintains none of the characteristics associated with being an educator. The environment at Rockland is not, for example, analogous to a teaching hospital's "mixed employment-training context," see Lipsett v. University of Puerto Rico, 864 F.2d 881, 897 (1st Cir.1988); Henschke v. New York Hosp.-Cornell Med. Ctr., 821 F.Supp. 166 (S.D.N.Y.1993). Nor is Rockland's acceptance of volunteers comparable to running an educational or vocational program at a state correctional facility, see, e.g., Jeldness v. Pearce, 30 F.3d 1220, (9th Cir.1994); Women Prisoners of the Dist. of Columbia Dep't of Corrections v. District of Columbia, 899 F.Supp. 659, 668-69 (D.D.C.1995), as such programs typically provide instructors, evaluations, and offer a particular course of training.


44
Finally, the fact that Marymount operates an "education program" may not be imputed to Rockland simply because O'Connor was a student at the former while she performed volunteer work with the latter. Factors that could lead to a different conclusion simply are not present here: the two entities have no institutional affiliation; there is no written agreement binding the two entities in any way; no staff are shared; no funds are circulated between them; and, indeed, Marymount students had previously volunteered at Rockland on only a few occasions. The only hint of a connection between Marymount and Rockland lies in the fact that (1) Marymount contacted Rockland for the purpose of placing O'Connor in an internship, and (2) Marymount appears to base its evaluation of its students' performance during their internships in part on an evaluation prepared by the person who supervised the student on-site--which, in O'Connor's case, would have been Lisa Punzone of Rockland. Such connections are insufficient to establish Rockland as an agent or arm of Marymount for Title IX purposes. Rather, we think it clear that Rockland is a state-funded psychiatric hospital, with no affiliation to any educational institution whatsoever, that allows volunteers from a nearby college to perform (with minimal supervision) volunteer work at its facility. Rockland thus does not conduct an "education program or activity," and O'Connor's Title IX claim was properly dismissed.

CONCLUSION

45
By allowing an intern to perform the fieldwork required of her by the wholly unaffiliated college she attends, Rockland is not transformed into an employer under Title VII or into an administrator of an education program or activity under Title IX. We conclude by saying only that we are not unsympathetic to O'Connor's situation. We recognize, for example, that from her perspective, her success at Marymount was dependent to some degree on successfully completing her internship with Rockland, and that her dependency on Rockland made her vulnerable to continued harassment much as an employee dependent on a regular wage can be vulnerable to ongoing misconduct. In a similar vein, we recognize that O'Connor was not in quite the same position to simply walk away from the alleged harassment as are many other volunteers. However, it is for Congress, if it should choose to do so, and not this court, to provide a remedy under either Title VII or Title IX for plaintiffs in O'Connor's position. We therefore affirm the judgment of the district court.



*
 The Honorable Gerald W. Heaney of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, sitting by designation


1
 In a ruling not challenged on appeal, the district court also found that the plaintiff had abandoned the claims she brought pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1983


2
 We reject O'Connor's claim that she was compensated to the extent that she received, through Marymount, federal work study funding for the hours of volunteer work performed at Rockland. Plainly, it was Marymount--not Rockland--that made these payments to O'Connor


3
 We note that O'Connor's complaint contains no allegation that Rockland receives any federal funding. Instead, O'Connor refers to federal funding only in her description of Marymount, a party since dropped from the case. However, because O'Connor's complaint does allege that Rockland is an agency of New York State, we will construe her complaint broadly to allege that, as a state health-care agency, Rockland receives federal money in connection with medical services provided--an inference we think equitable given that Rockland does not contest on appeal the question of federal funding









 
Advertisement

 








PrintEmail 





Short URL:  





Advertisement






Advertisement


 







 








HomeFederal Reporter, Third Series126 F.3d









Home
Browse OpenJurist
Learn the Law
Terms of Use








 


















PKF O’Connor Davies Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.PKF O’Connor Davies ReviewsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchView Allnum of numClose (Esc)See All PhotosSee All Photos PKF O’Connor Davies Engaged EmployerOverview Overview 49 Reviews 30 Jobs 118 Salaries 18 Inter­views 16 Benefits 30 PhotosFollowAdd a ReviewFollowAdd a Review PKF O’Connor Davies Reviews Updated June 19, 201743 reviewsFilterFilterFull-timePart-timeJob TitleLocationLocationWorldwideUS - All Cities– New York City, NY Area (includes HQ)– Bridgeport, CT AreaEmployment StatusInternFreelanceFull-timeContractPart-timeCurrent EmployeeClear AllApply FiltersClear AllClose Your trust is our top concern, so companies can't alter or remove reviews. 43 Employee Reviews Sort: PopularRatingDate Oct 8, 2015"Audit Senior"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Audit Senior in New York, NYCurrent Employee - Audit Senior in New York, NYRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than 3 years)ProsThis is a great company to work for. I am able to get a diversified client experience and work on various different engagements which allows me to grow my career and see various aspects of accounting and auditing. Partners and managers are willing to provide on the job training opportunities and I have learned a great deal in 3 years I have been with the Firm. The work life balance is probably on the better side of most public accounting firms.ConsSometimes commuting back and forth to client locations can become tiresome however this is the nature of public accounting despite the Firm.Advice to ManagementContinue to provide career opportunities for staff.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-10-08 10:24 PDT Oct 21, 2015"oconnor davies review"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeDoesn't RecommendPositive OutlookApproves of CEOProspeople are nice and for the most part managers/supervisors/seniors are extremely helpful, the office is in a convenient location, a lot of growth potential, the company its self is growing very very fastConsthe health insurance is expensive and coverage is not that great, no 401k matching, long long hours, you kind of get stuck in one industry (regardless if you like it or not), can't use all of the (few) vacation days you get.Advice to Managementhire more people and increase employee benefits (expense food when working late not just during busy season) health insurance is expensive and the coverage isnt great i'm sure there is some other plan that can be looked into.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-10-21 20:13 PDT Join the PKF O’Connor Davies team See Our Latest Jobs Oct 14, 2015"Culture Needs Improvement"StarStarStarStarStarFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeFormer Employee - Anonymous EmployeeI worked at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than a year)ProsLarge company with opportunity for certain associatesConsDisconnect between offices and mismatching culture.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response Oct 19, 2015 – Human Resources Manager Thank you for your feedback! O'Connor Davies is not a one-size-fits-all environment. The firm encourages innovation, supports diversity and respects the input of each and every employee. Althoughthe firm operates with standard policies and procedures we ardently believe that our professionals should be able to express their individuality and to connect with the firm and their communities in a personal way. We encourage their feedback through focus group, engagement surveys and by taking action on a local and regionally level. We are proud to say that our team members are given this freedom to express their thoughts and take action. This allows for a uniquely approachable culture, that embraces individuality and supports our professionals to participate in group community service projects and social events that maybe different and distinct based on location.... MoreLess PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-10-14 12:58 PDT Aug 31, 2015 Helpful (2)"Senior Accountant"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Senior Accountant in White Plains, NYFormer Employee - Senior Accountant in White Plains, NYRecommendsPositive OutlookI worked at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than 8 years)ProsO'Connor Davies is a place where you can gain extensive knowledge all facets of business whether it be in a commercial, non for profit or government environment. Great co-workers.ConsThe hours can be long and tiring added to dealing with some, but fortunately very few uncooperative clients. Not a perfect match for a member of a young family with small children.Advice to ManagementCommunication! Communication! Communication! This was not one of the Company's strong suites. It was not done on purpose but it did cause some confusion.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (2) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-08-31 10:13 PDT Jul 1, 2015 Helpful (2)"senior auditor"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeRecommendsNeutral OutlookNo opinion of CEOI have been working at PKF O’Connor Davies full-timeProsgreat opportunity to learn, on job training, mostly good peopleConsbase salary is low compared to the rest of the industryAdvice to Managementshow appreciation of employees through compensationShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (2) PKF O’Connor Davies Response Jul 16, 2015 – Human Resources Manager We are delighted to see that your time at O’Connor Davies has brought you rewarding learning experiences! Our professionals are our most valuable asset and we always welcome your feedback. We showion for our employees through a variety of initiatives to ensure they feel supported and valued. The goal of compensation is to reward our employees for their contributions to the Firm’s overall success. Our base compensation is determined by internal and external factors. The internal factors include the employee’s performance history, internal and market ranges (peer pay ranges), and firm financials. The external factors include market data from competitor firms along with market data from the general industry and economic conditions. We make every effort to create an environment where our employees can thrive and are rewarded for their hard work and the firm’s success.... MoreLess PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-07-01 14:18 PDT May 23, 2015 Helpful (3)"good company"StarStarStarStarStarCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeCurrent Employee - Anonymous EmployeeProsgood company, good work/life balance and great place to start your careerConsnone that I can think of, maybe add 401k matching in addition to profit sharingShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (3) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-05-23 22:27 PDT Apr 23, 2015"No upward mobility, certain offices are poorly run, complete disconnect RE HR policies practices of NYC and westchester"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementFormer Employee - Staff Auditor in Stamford, CTFormer Employee - Staff Auditor in Stamford, CTDoesn't RecommendNegative OutlookApproves of CEOI worked at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than a year)Prosdecent experience, staff at supervisor level and below are helpful, dont bother asking someone in a higher position, open door policy seems to be working very efficentlyConsTravel is excessive and too cheap to rent hotels, no recognition for achievements, no ability to transfer and no upward mobilityAdvice to ManagementApply your own HR policies and operating procedures to ALL offices, not just the large ones.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2015-04-23 06:58 PDT Jul 7, 2014"Avoid this place"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Tax in New York, NYCurrent Employee - Tax in New York, NYDoesn't RecommendNeutral OutlookNo opinion of CEOI have been working at PKF O’Connor Davies full-timeProsNice people. People in general are friendly and willing to help out when help is needed.ConsToo much office politics at the management level. Tax department is look down upon. Promotions in the tax department come once in a blue moon. Tax engagements budgets are set up or give away as a complimentary freebie by auditor partners/managers. Budgets are so unrealistic that most people just eat their time to avoid the "phone calls" from the partners in charge. The pay is below industry and bonus is meh (don't count on it). Annual chargeable goal is 1800 hours, industry standard. The weekly mandatory chargeable hour during tax season is usually around 45-55 hrs. You will probably have to work 80 minimum to meet the 55 chargeable hrs if you factor in the time that you will have to eat, snowstorms, server downtime and misc nonchargeable time.Advice to ManagementAudit partners and managers have to stop trying to run the tax department.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2014-07-07 12:11 PDT May 27, 2014"Great learning experience but overwhelmed with work"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Senior Auditor in New York, NYCurrent Employee - Senior Auditor in New York, NYRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than a year)ProsGreat opportunity to learn.Very friendly people.ConsOverwhelmed with work.Time mismanagement and unrealistic budget.Advice to ManagementNeed to make an effort to improve time management and unrealistic budgetShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (0) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2014-05-27 02:13 PDT Apr 24, 2014 Helpful (3)"O'Connor Davies, LLP is a great Accounting Firm to build your career"StarStarStarStarStarWork/Life BalanceCulture & ValuesCareer OpportunitiesComp & BenefitsSenior ManagementCurrent Employee - Senior Accountant in Harrison, NYCurrent Employee - Senior Accountant in Harrison, NYRecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at PKF O’Connor Davies full-time (More than 3 years)ProsThe people make a difference. I work for a variety of partners and managers and they all have given me the opportunity to advance my career. The Partners have an "Open Door Policy," if you have any questions or concerns. The Firm's culture believes in a work/life balance and always looks to build staff morale. Hard work is always recognized.ConsBased on where I live and some of the firm's clients, there is traveling involved. Sometimes the commute can be challenging. Some engagement fees are low and it is difficult to complete the job within budget.Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on WhatsAppShare via EmailCopy LinkLink Copied!Flag as InappropriateFlag as InappropriateHelpful (3) PKF O’Connor Davies Response seconds agoEdit • Delete PKF O’Connor Davies 2014-04-24 07:19 PDT Showing 43 of 49 reviewsReset FiltersPrevious12345NextReviews > PKF O’Connor Davies RSS Feed</>Embed PKF O’Connor Davies Careers PKF O’Connor Davies Mission Statement We exist to serve clients at a higher level – going beyond passive value protection to active value...    – More Culture Own Your Career Recruiting BenefitsThis is the employer's chance to tell you why you should work for them. The information provided is from their perspective.Reviews by Job TitleStaff Auditor (3) Intern (3) Senior Accountant (3) Company Updates PKFOD Staff, Ryan Lopes, was the spotlight for the recent Roger CPA Review blog titled "What to Expect from your Accounting Internship". Great job, Ryan! http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQEPO—30+ days agoWhat to Expect From Your Accounting Internship: Ryan Lopes The Vault Accounting 50 was released today and we are happy to announce that PFKOD is listed at #22! PKFOD also ranked in the top 25 in 22 additional categories! http://glassdoor.com/slink.htm?key=vQ924—30+ days agoThe 50 Best Accounting Firms to Work ForSee AllSee AllPKF O’Connor Davies PhotosSee All PhotosSee AllView Allnum of numClose (Esc) Company BenefitsVacation & Paid Time Off401K PlanHealth InsuranceVision InsuranceLife InsuranceAdd BenefitsSee AllSee AllAffiliated Companies Job Seekers Also ViewedBDO USA ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 588 ReviewsEisnerAmper ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 99 ReviewsUntracht Early ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 19 ReviewsKPMG ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 10,267 ReviewsCitrin Cooperman ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 80 ReviewsEY ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 14,042 ReviewsMcGladrey LLP ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 637 ReviewsPwC ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 14,462 ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 18,680 ReviewsFlackman Goodman & Potter P.A. ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 1 ReviewsWeiserMazars ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 84 ReviewsCohnReznick ReviewsStarStarStarStarStar 338 Reviews Related Job SearchStaff Accountant jobsStaff Accountant salaries ($51k)Auditor jobsAuditor salaries ($56k)Senior Accountant jobsSenior Accountant salaries ($70k)Senior Staff Accountant jobsSenior Staff Accountant salaries ($65k)Audit Senior jobsAudit Senior salaries ($71k)Accountant jobsAccountant salaries ($50k)Audit Staff jobsAudit Staff salaries ($59k)Intern jobsIntern salaries ($33k)Executive Administrative Assistant jobsExecutive Administrative Assistant salaries ($51k)Administrative Assistant II jobsAdministrative Assistant II salaries ($39k)Office Services Coordinator jobsOffice Services Coordinator salaries ($42k)Tax Senior jobsTax Senior salaries ($77k)Interested in a New Job?Upload a resume to mobile apply. Your response will be removed from the review – this cannot be undone.Delete ResponseCancelThis will replace the current featured review for targeted profile. Are you sure you want to replace it?CancelConfirmAre you sure you want to remove this review from being featured for targeted profile?CancelConfirm
Companies & Reviews | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Search company reviews and ratingsKeywordLocation CompaniesJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchUpload Your ResumeHiring? Post a Job for FreeNEW!Who are the Highest Rated CEOs in 2017?  See the winnersHighest Rated CEOs 2017 See the winnersCompany reviews and ratings. Get the whole story.Search ratings and reviews of over 600,000 companies worldwide. Get the inside scoop and find out what it's really like from people who've actually worked there.Write a ReviewWhat's New at GlassdoorAre You Paid Fairly? See Your Market Worth in SecondsReceive a custom salary estimate based on your title, company, location, and experience.Get Your Estimate20 Companies Hiring Like Crazy in July With positions spanning industries from tech to construction and beyond, there’s something for everyone.Read ArticleGlassdoor's Employees' Choice Awards 2017Glassdoor's annual Employees' Choice Awards honor the Best Places to Work acress North America and parts of Europe.See the 2017 ListRecently TrendingBain & Company ReviewsFacebook ReviewsBoston Consulting Group ReviewsGoogle ReviewsIBM ReviewsMoreEY ReviewsOracle ReviewsUS Air Force ReviewsDeloitte ReviewsNordstrom ReviewsVerizon Wireless ReviewsUS Navy ReviewsKPMG ReviewsJ.P. Morgan ReviewsHewlett-Packard ReviewsPwC ReviewsCisco Systems ReviewsSprint ReviewsAccenture ReviewsBoeing ReviewsDell ReviewsComcast ReviewsBooz Allen Hamilton ReviewsT-Mobile ReviewsMore CompaniesLessPopular CompaniesWorking at TargetWorking at WalmartWorking at MicrosoftWorking at Wells FargoWorking at Bank of AmericaMoreWorking at SearsWorking at Best BuyWorking at AT&TWorking at Macy'sWorking at EnterpriseWorking at The Home DepotWorking at Amazon.comWorking at UPSWorking at Lockheed MartinWorking at Lowe'sWorking at StarbucksWorking at AppleWorking at US ArmyWorking at VerizonWorking at WalgreensWorking at CitiWorking at Kohl'sWorking at CVS HealthWorking at McDonald'sCompanies Near YouLessCompany CultureSmall vs Large CompaniesHow to Find a MentorTop 20 Employee Benefits & PerksWhen is Commuting for a Job Worth It?Plan to Follow When Starting a New JobMoreDo You Know Your Worth?How to Become A ManagerThings to Consider Before Walking Out On Your Job Best Cities For JobsHow to Ask for Flexible Work ScheduleAdvantages Inexperienced Job Seekers BringHow to Handle a Counter OfferNetworking Etiquette for your CareerHow To Negotiate A Job OfferHow to Double Your SalaryHow to Deal with A Bad BossWork-Life Balance at the Best Places to WorkHow to Boost MoraleThe Best and Worst Industries for BenefitsHighest Rated CEOsHow to To Improve Your Work PerformanceEmbed Mentorship Into Your Company CultureThe Pros and Cons of Transparent Corporate CulturesThings To Not Do When Starting a New JobMore Company CultureLessGetting HiredCover Letter Opening LinesHow to Write a ResumeHow to Answer Interview QuestionsHow to Get a JobHow to Negotiate your SalaryMoreHow to Prepare for an interviewHow to Write a Cover LetterResume TipsSkills to Put on your ResumeAnswers for What is your Greatest WeaknessTell Me About Yourself?How to Find your PassionHow to Write a Resume SummaryWhat to Wear to an InterviewSalary Requirements Dont'sPhone Interview Tips Best Interview Answers What to Bring to an InterviewGood Questions to Ask in an InterviewCommon Interview QuestionsHow to Write a Cover LetterQuestion to Ask an Employer at an InterviewHow to Pick the Best People for your Job ReferenceTough Questions and AnswersMore Getting Hired AdviceLess



Davis O'Connor - Attorney in Denver, CO - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















ColoradoDenverNatural ResourcesDavis O'Connor


Davis O O'Connor








Davis O O'Connor 
                                    



Natural Resources,
Oil & Gas,
Transactions,
Public Law,
General Practice,
                                                                                                                            Minerals & Mining
                                                    

www.hollandhart.com




Law Office:
Holland & Hart



Denver Law Firms


Law School:

Cornell JD 



Status:
In Good Standing















555 Seventeenth St.
80202
Denver
CO









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™34/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  O'Connor















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Davis O O'Connor .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Matthew Michael Holycross
Accident & Injury
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




John Loren Eckelberry
Family Law, Bankruptcy, Divorce, Child Custody, Collection
Denver, CO 80264 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Bradley S. Freedberg
Accident & Injury, Litigation, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury, Insurance
Denver, CO 80203 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Thomas Blumenthal
Criminal, Traffic
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Mark J. Bourassa
Accident & Injury, Car Accident
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Emilie Lorden
Business, Business Organization, Contract, Merger & Acquisition, Corporate
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Torben M Welch
Business, Commercial Real Estate
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Jim (Jed) Ed Franklin
Estate, Real Estate, Oil & Gas, Contract
Denver, CO 80203 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Gregory D. Rawlings
Criminal, Federal Trial Practice, Felony, DUI-DWI, Misdemeanor
Denver, CO 80204 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Jim Margulis
Divorce & Family Law, Family Law, Child Support, Child Custody, Divorce
Denver, CO 80216 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Jonathan M. Ward
Car Accident, Wrongful Death, Personal Injury, Animal Bite, Slip & Fall Accident
Denver, CO 80206 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Lisa L. Culpepper
Real Estate, Business, Divorce & Family Law, Criminal, Lawsuit & Dispute
Denver, CO 80204 (Denver County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




Cornell Law School
JD
Law School
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




Colorado
1980






Additional Info



CO State Lawyer Additional Information:
Original Bar Admit Date: 05/30/1980
Service Type:Private


Update Date:2015-11-09




Lawyer Badges


















39.7453542,-104.9893563













MAIN LOCATION


555 Seventeenth St.Ste 3200Denver, CO 80202




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



House Passes "Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017" - Analysis and Discussion

                    On May 2, 2017, the United States House of Representatives passed the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017 on a mostly party-line vote of 229-19].
                




What is Employee Misclassification as Independent Contractors

                    So, what's the difference between an employee and an independent contractor? And what is employee misclassification?
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























Lawyer.com - Denver Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Colorado / Denver Lawyer






                  Denver Lawyer, Colorado                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 154 matches. Page 1 of 16   






Mark J. Bourassa✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Car Accident

We're here to help! 24/7. 

The Bourassa Law Group, represents clients in litigation throughout Nevada, Colorado, Arizona, California, and Florida f... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 1099 18th Street, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™67/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


John Loren Eckelberry✓ VERIFIEDFamily Law, Bankruptcy, Divorce, Child Custody, Collection
Providing personal and financial fresh starts for 17 years!
John has been practicing law in Colorado since 1998.  He is currently Special Counsel with Inman Flynn Biesterfield & Brentlinger, P.C., in charge of ... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 1660 Lincoln St, Denver, CO 80264 Profile LAWPOINTS™64/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Bradley S. Freedberg✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Litigation, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury, Insurance

Mr. Bradley S. Freedberg is a third-generation native of Denver, Colorado, and a graduate of the Denver Public School system. Mr. Freedberg graduated ... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-928-5461
 1888 Sherman Street, Denver, CO 80203 Profile LAWPOINTS™63/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Jonathan M. Ward✓ VERIFIEDCar Accident, Wrongful Death, Personal Injury, Animal Bite, Slip & Fall Accident

A wonderful thing happened to Jon Ward at the end of 2006.

After working for big downtown law firms where he conscientiously fulfilled his annual b... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-716-9530
 1825 York St, Denver, CO 80206 Profile LAWPOINTS™66/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers





Torben M Welch✓ VERIFIEDBusiness, Commercial Real Estate

As a member of the firm's Corporate and Real Estate Practice Groups, Mr. Welch's practice focuses on advising corporate clients, mortgage lenders, rea... (more)
CONTACT800-742-5620
 1430 Wynkoop St, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™66/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Thomas  Blumenthal✓ VERIFIEDCriminal, Traffic
Skilled Courtroom Representation
Tom Blumenthal has been going to court for over twenty years after serving as a judicial Law Clerk in State and Federal Courts. Tom worked as a prosec... (more)
CONTACT800-910-0331
 1439 Court Place, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™62/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Jim (Jed) Ed Franklin✓ VERIFIEDEstate, Real Estate, Oil & Gas, Contract
Offers diversity of experience and dedication to clientneeds and goals.
Jim Ed (Jed) Franklin is a Partner at Schroeder & Griffith, LLP in Denver, Colorado. Mr. Franklin has experience in transactional and corporate law sp... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-914-3611
 Spectrum Legal Group, LLP, Denver, CO 80203 Profile LAWPOINTS™61/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Jim  Margulis✓ VERIFIEDDivorce & Family Law, Family Law, Child Support, Child Custody, Divorce
Firepower Inside And Outside of The Courtroom.
Feldmann Nagel, LLC provides experienced, client-focused representation to individuals and families looking to navigate a variety of divorce and famil... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-866-4851
 3001 Brighton Blvd., Denver, CO 80216 Profile LAWPOINTS™67/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Matthew Michael Holycross✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury

Before coming to Springer and Steinberg, Matt worked in a civil plaintiffs' law firm in Ohio where he brought employment discrimination lawsuits, incl... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-929-6821
 1600 Broadway, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Gregory D. Rawlings✓ VERIFIEDCriminal, Federal Trial Practice, Felony, DUI-DWI, Misdemeanor

Gregory Rawlings is a practicing Criminal attorney with over 20 years of experience. He serves Denver, CO and the surrounding area. 


Lawyer... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 150 West 9th Avenue, Denver, CO 80204 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Denver Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Denver lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Denver attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Colorado will offer free legal consultations and all have Colorado law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


Hassler v. ACCOUNT BROKERS OF LARIMER CTY.... Rather, it directs the consumer debtor to contact the secured party "to learn the exact amount
 you must pay." By contrast, before a debt obligation under a consumer credit transaction may
 be accelerated under the Consumer Credit Code, the creditor must provide the actual ...
Smith v. Executive Custom Homes, Inc.... We agree with the court of appeals that under section 13-80-104, CRS (2009) ("section 104"),
 a claim for personal injury arises not at the time of injury, but "at the time the claimant . . . ... [2].
 III. Analysis. A. Accrual of Personal Injury Claims Under the CDARA. ...
Boles v. Sun Ergoline, Inc.... 57, 63, 544 P.2d 983, 987 (1975). The General Assembly immediately responded by defining
 "Product liability action" and "Manufacturer," and over time provided further limiting definitions
 and defenses applicable only to product liability actions. ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

ArvadaAuroraBoulderColorado SpringsDenverFort CollinsPuebloWestminster













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























1
Help? 




 Minimize
800-620-0900





Welcome to Lawyer.com Chat Help!   Help expert connecting now.... 



 

Enter your questions here or call:  800-620-0900
  Send
 
 












Lawyer.com - Denver Natural Resources Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Colorado / Denver / Denver Natural Resources






                  Denver Natural Resources Lawyer, Colorado                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 99 matches. Page 1 of 10   






Darby Nathelle Moses✓ VERIFIEDBankruptcy, Business & Trade, Natural Resources, Business, Real Estate

Darby Moses has over 25 years of experience as an Attorney - Landman. Her skills and expertise cover a wide range of oil and gas related issues. Her m... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 5275 Marshall St., Arvada, CO 80002 Profile LAWPOINTS™56/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Carrie S. BernsteinLand Use & Zoning, Eminent Domain, Real Estate, Natural Resources, Litigation
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 101 University Blvd, Denver, CO 80206 Profile LAWPOINTS™41/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Christopher G. HayesContract, Land Use & Zoning, Merger & Acquisition, Natural Resources, State and Local
Status:  In Good Standing           
FREE CONSULTATION&nbspCONTACT

 1580 Lincoln Street, Denver, CO 80203 Profile LAWPOINTS™35/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Gerald  PadmoreCorporate, International Trade, Natural Resources
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 1775 Sherman Street, Denver, CO 80203 Profile LAWPOINTS™35/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers




D. Adam DaurioCorporate, Housing & Construction Defects, Insurance, Litigation, Natural Resources
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 1720 S. Bellaire Street, Denver, CO 80222 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Steven P. JeffersEnvironmental Law, Natural Resources, Public Law, Real Estate, Water
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 515 Kimbark Street, Second Floor, Longmont, CO 80502 Profile LAWPOINTS™45/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Rebecca  HallCorporate, Environmental Law, Natural Resources, Real Estate
Status:  In Good Standing           
CONTACT

 2595 Canyon Boulevard, Boulder, CO 80302 Profile LAWPOINTS™41/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Nathan Benjamin RandEnergy, Corporate, Natural Resources, Intellectual Property
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  16 Years
CONTACT

 1670 Broadway St, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers

Janette L. FergusonNatural Resources
Status:  In Good Standing           Licensed:  28 Years
CONTACT

 1801 California St, Denver, CO 80202 Profile LAWPOINTS™36/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             















Display Sponsorship




 






 
TIPSEasily find Denver Natural Resources Lawyers and Denver Natural Resources Law Firms. For more attorneys, search all Environmental Law areas including Waste & Pollution and Other Environmental Law attorneys.



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawNatural Resources-Waste & Pollution-Environmental Law Other      -Clean Air Practice      -Cleanup & Superfund      -Water      -WetlandsEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

ArvadaAuroraBoulderColorado SpringsDenverFort CollinsPuebloWestminster













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























1
Help? 




 Minimize
800-620-0900





Welcome to Lawyer.com Chat Help!   Help expert connecting now.... 



 

Enter your questions here or call:  800-620-0900
  Send
 
 












Davis O'Connor - Attorney in Denver, CO - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















ColoradoDenverNatural ResourcesDavis O'Connor


Davis O O'Connor








Davis O O'Connor 
                                    



Natural Resources,
Oil & Gas,
Transactions,
Public Law,
General Practice,
                                                                                                                            Minerals & Mining
                                                    

www.hollandhart.com




Law Office:
Holland & Hart



Denver Law Firms


Law School:

Cornell JD 



Status:
In Good Standing















555 Seventeenth St.
80202
Denver
CO









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™34/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


                        Reviews Pro Bono Cases✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™Not Available





















                    Contact Mr.  O'Connor















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Davis O O'Connor .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Matthew Michael Holycross
Accident & Injury
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




John Loren Eckelberry
Family Law, Bankruptcy, Divorce, Child Custody, Collection
Denver, CO 80264 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Bradley S. Freedberg
Accident & Injury, Litigation, Medical Malpractice, Personal Injury, Insurance
Denver, CO 80203 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Thomas Blumenthal
Criminal, Traffic
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Mark J. Bourassa
Accident & Injury, Car Accident
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Emilie Lorden
Business, Business Organization, Contract, Merger & Acquisition, Corporate
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Torben M Welch
Business, Commercial Real Estate
Denver, CO 80202 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Jim (Jed) Ed Franklin
Estate, Real Estate, Oil & Gas, Contract
Denver, CO 80203 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Gregory D. Rawlings
Criminal, Federal Trial Practice, Felony, DUI-DWI, Misdemeanor
Denver, CO 80204 (Denver County)





CONTACT








Jim Margulis
Divorce & Family Law, Family Law, Child Support, Child Custody, Divorce
Denver, CO 80216 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Jonathan M. Ward
Car Accident, Wrongful Death, Personal Injury, Animal Bite, Slip & Fall Accident
Denver, CO 80206 (Denver County)





CONTACT




Lisa L. Culpepper
Real Estate, Business, Divorce & Family Law, Criminal, Lawsuit & Dispute
Denver, CO 80204 (Denver County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




Cornell Law School
JD
Law School
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




Colorado
1980






Additional Info



CO State Lawyer Additional Information:
Original Bar Admit Date: 05/30/1980
Service Type:Private


Update Date:2015-11-09




Lawyer Badges


















39.7453542,-104.9893563













MAIN LOCATION


555 Seventeenth St.Ste 3200Denver, CO 80202




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



House Passes "Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017" - Analysis and Discussion

                    On May 2, 2017, the United States House of Representatives passed the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017 on a mostly party-line vote of 229-19].
                




What is Employee Misclassification as Independent Contractors

                    So, what's the difference between an employee and an independent contractor? And what is employee misclassification?
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog






















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


