













 




Ellen O'Donnell, Brocade Communications Systems Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Ellen O'Donnell

Senior VP/Secy/General Counsel,
Brocade Communications Systems Inc






Career History




Senior VP/Secy/General Counsel
Brocade Communications Systems Inc, PRESENT


Senior VP/General Counsel
Micromuse Inc, FORMER


Associate General Counsel
Lucasarts Entertainment Co LLC, FORMER









Website:
www.brocade.com






Corporate Information
Address:

130 Holger Way
San Jose, CA 95134-1376
United States


Phone:
1-408-333-8000


Fax:
1-408-333-8101


Web url:
www.brocade.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Loyola Law School/CA
JD





Honorary Degrees




BACHELOR OF ARTS, HISTORY








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Ellen P ODonnell - Sun City West, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Ellen P Odonnell in Sun City West, AZ


Ellen P Odonnell

                                                                                       Intelius found that Ellen P ODonnell  is  a female between 70 and 70 years old from Sun City West, AZ.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ellen E O'donnell


Get Report Now

Age

Ellen P Odonnell is in her 70s

Ellen Has Lived In

Sun City West, AZ
Scranton, KS
Lyndon, KS

Ellen's Relatives

Katie Sayler
Jerry O'Donnell







Ellen P Odonnell



Zodiac SignAries



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Ellen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Ellen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Ellen P Odonnell
Get a Criminal Check on Ellen P Odonnell
Get a Public Record Report on Ellen P Odonnell
Get a People Search Report on Ellen P Odonnell


Ellen P Odonnell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Ellen P Odonnell has lived as well as Ellen P Odonnell's phone numbers and email addresses.




Ellen P Odonnell Has Lived in 2 States
Arizona Address for Ellen P Odonnell


19466 C***** D** S** B*** 

Sun City West, AZ


Has Lived In

Sun City West, AZ
Scranton, KS


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Ellen P Odonnell

(785) ***-**** - Scranton, KS 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Ellen P Odonnell

i*********k@***.com


Get Email Report




Ellen P Odonnell's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Ellen P Odonnell's academic history.  Find out which schools Ellen P Odonnell attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Ellen P Odonnell received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ellen P Odonnell Has Attended 1 School
Lyndon Institute 1961 – 1965                              


Ellen P Odonnell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Ellen P Odonnell


Ellen P Odonnell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Ellen P Odonnell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Ellen ODonnell
Username Matches

                  EllenODonnell
                  ODonnellEllen
                  Ellen.ODonnell
                  ODonnell.Ellen
                  Ellen_ODonnell
                  ODonnell_Ellen
                  Ellen-ODonnell
                  ODonnell-Ellen
                  EODonnell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E ODonnell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












































Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) SVP Ellen Odonnell Sells 7,811 Shares - American Banking News




















































Home
Get Email Updates
About
Disclaimer
Contact
Privacy Policy









 
			

















Business News
U.S. News
World News
Stock Ratings

Analysts' Upgrades
Analysts' Downgrades
Analysts' EPS Estimates
Analysts' Price Targets
Analysts' New Coverage


Corporate Earnings

Earnings Results
Earnings Guidance
Earnings Previews


Dividends
Insider Trades
Options
Press Releases






















Brocade Communications Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brocade Communications Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 











 Recent Stories


Critical Analysis: Collectors Universe (CLCT) and Emerald Expositions Events (EEX)


Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) versus Inseego Corp. (NASDAQ:INSG) Financial Contrast


Reviewing Speedway Motorsports (TRK) and International Speedway Corporation (NASDAQ:ISCA)


Reviewing Allegheny Technologies (ATI) and Freeport-McMoran (FCX)


Critical Comparison: Robert Half International (RHI) and Hudson Global (NASDAQ:HSON)


Head-To-Head Review: MDC Partners (MDCA) vs. Millennial Media (MM)


Cash America International (CSH) vs. PHH Corp (NYSE:PHH) Head-To-Head Contrast


Kadant (KAI) versus Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Head to Head Analysis


United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC) & Sierra Bancorp (BSRR) Critical Survey


Head to Head Review: Monro Muffler Brake (MNRO) vs. Pep Boys – Manny Moe & Jack (PBY)


Critical Contrast: PowerSecure International (NYSE:POWR) versus Pioneer Power Solutions (PPSI)


Head to Head Comparison: Herc Holdings (HRI) and eHi Car Services Limited (EHIC)


Reviewing Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (NYSE:CCE) & Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST)


Tata Motors (TTM) & Rev Group (NASDAQ:REVG) Head-To-Head Analysis


Contrasting SJW Corporation (SJW) & Consolidated Water Co. (CWCO)


Contrasting Dominion Diamond Corporation (DDC) & Dominion Diamond Corp (HWD)


Critical Survey: Landec Corporation (NASDAQ:LNDC) & Limoneira (LMNR)


Mesoblast Limited (NASDAQ:MESO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts


Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SBPH) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts


Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.73 Per Share





 






						Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) SVP Ellen Odonnell Sells 7,811 Shares					

June 16th, 2017  • 0 comments • Filed Under •
 by ABMN Staff



							Filed Under: Insider Trades • Market News 






Tweet










Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD) SVP Ellen Odonnell sold 7,811 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.64, for a total transaction of $98,731.04. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 19,037 shares in the company, valued at approximately $240,627.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. 
Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRCD) traded up 0.040% during trading on Friday, reaching $12.635. 1,981,387 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 86.541 and a beta of 0.68. Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. has a 52 week low of $8.50 and a 52 week high of $12.70. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $12.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.49. 


 Get Brocade Communications Systems Inc. alerts:



Brocade Communications Systems (NASDAQ:BRCD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 25th. The technology company reported $0.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $552.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $602.92 million. Brocade Communications Systems had a net margin of 2.54% and a return on equity of 8.49%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.22 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. will post $0.59 EPS for the current year. 





The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Monday, June 12th will be issued a dividend of $0.055 per share. This represents a $0.22 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.74%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. Brocade Communications Systems’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 157.14%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first  published by American Banking News and is owned by of American Banking News. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2017/06/16/brocade-communications-systems-inc-brcd-svp-ellen-odonnell-sells-7811-shares.html. 
Several equities analysts recently issued reports on BRCD shares. TheStreet downgraded shares of Brocade Communications Systems from a “b” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Brocade Communications Systems from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Wunderlich  reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Brocade Communications Systems in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $12.75 price objective on shares of Brocade Communications Systems in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $12.75 price objective on shares of Brocade Communications Systems in a research note on Friday, June 9th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued  a hold rating and one  has assigned  a buy rating to the company. Brocade Communications Systems currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $11.35.
Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of BRCD. Creative Planning boosted its stake in  Brocade Communications Systems by 27.4% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 11,743 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 2,524 shares in the last quarter.  PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in  Brocade Communications Systems by 13.8% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 11,792 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 1,430 shares in the last quarter.  Stephens Inc. AR boosted its stake in  Brocade Communications Systems by 17.6% in the first quarter. Stephens Inc. AR now owns 11,960 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 1,792 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in  Brocade Communications Systems by 14.0% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 13,240 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 1,629 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Waratah Capital Advisors Ltd. bought a new stake in  Brocade Communications Systems during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $170,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  81.72% of the company’s stock. 
About Brocade Communications Systems
Brocade Communications Systems, Inc (Brocade) is a supplier of networking hardware, software and services, including storage area networking (SAN) solutions and Internet protocol (IP) networking solutions for businesses and organizations of various types and sizes. The Company operates through three segments: SAN Products, IP Networking Products and Global Services.




Receive News & Ratings for Brocade Communications Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brocade Communications Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 































Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!











			© Copyright American Banking and Market News 2006-2017. All rights reserved. 

Privacy Policy and Disclosures |
			About | Advertising 
			| Contact







Content on this website is not meant to be a recommendation or an offer to buy or sell any security. Click here to read our full disclaimer.










































需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Ellen Degeneres and Rosie O'Donnell lead the way as stars tweet their support after GMA host comes out as gay | Daily Mail Online

















































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.



 News



 Sports


 
 

U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


U.S. Showbiz


U.K. Showbiz


Headlines


Arts


Pictures


Blogs


Video


TV Listings



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










'The things I'd have said to her... if I knew it was the last time we'd speak': William and Harry's agony over final phone call with Diana as they share unseen photos - including one of princess pregnant





Father is charged with murdering his 13-year-old son four years after he blamed his ex-wife for the boy's death in heated  confrontation on Dr Phil





Millenial social media star Jake Paul, 20, who terrorized his millionaire neighbors with parties and 'crazy stunts' is DROPPED by Disney





Mueller 'wants to turn Paul Manafort against his former Trump campaign colleagues in Russia probe by using the threat of money laundering charges'





'Amazing hike with dad': John McCain's daughter spends some quality time with her father three days after his brain cancer diagnosis was revealed





Outrage at Trump ally who urged former rival John McCain to resign after his 'grim' brain cancer diagnosis and then offered to take his job - two years after she lost to him





Jeb Bush slams Republicans for backing Trump amid Russia scandal after they criticized Obama for going soft on Moscow





Angry protests erupt at 'racist' Brooklyn bar that serves 40 ounces of rose wine in paper bags and brags about its 'genuine' bullet holes in the wall





Fourth man is arrested in horrific Queens sex attack: Twenty-year-old is charged with 'forcing a woman, 50, to perform oral sex at gun point' just a block away from her church 





Fraudster who pretended to sell $500MILLION worth of paintings that were stolen during the biggest art heist in US history is charged





'Act like a grown-up': Drunk driver who left popular principal an amputee is blasted by judge and loses plea deal after she turns up hours late for court and breaks down in tears





You 'SLAUGHTERED THEM': Governor Chris Christie maintains that OJ Simpson was behind the slashing deaths of his ex-wife and her friend after he was granted parole





Chance the Rapper concert spirals out of control: 50 underage drinkers are cuffed and more than 90 teenage fans are taken to hospital for 'severe intoxication' after gig in Connecticut 





Trump's new Comms Director Anthony Scaramucci will DELETE past tweets misquoting Mark Twain, supporting Hillary and calling for increased gun control because he doesn't want to be a 'distraction'





Donald Trump has been asked to make a 'dummy run' visit to Britain later this year for brief talks with Theresa May to show he can avoid embarrassing Queen 





Trump claims The New York Times 'foiled' a bid to take out ISIS chief al-Baghdadi and slams their 'sick agenda'





'I've seen America, and it's lousy.': Philippine's Rodrigo Duterte says he won't visit US after a United States congressman threatened to lead a protest if he accepted President Trump's invite





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe





'A 100,000-ton message to the world': Trump hails $12.9 billion warship as 'the newest, largest and most advanced aircraft carrier in  history' that can operate for 20 YEARS without refueling





Russian ambassador whose meetings with Trump campaign officials loom large in investigations of Moscow's 'meddling in elections' returns home





White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci 'referred to outgoing Press Secretary Sean Spicer as "Melissa McCarthy"'





EXCLUSIVE - Spicey breaks cover: Former Press Secretary is spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog near his home one day after shock resignation from the White House





That's cold! Sean Spicer 'stole a mini-fridge from White House junior staffers under the cover of darkness'





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new sanctions




Previous
Next








'Congratulations, Robin Roberts!': Ellen Degeneres and Rosie O'Donnell lead the way as stars tweet their support after GMA host comes out as gay
By

Daily Mail Reporter


Published:
  15:17 EDT, 30 December 2013

 | 
Updated:
  17:04 EDT, 30 December 2013














e-mail







 
          80
View  comments



She came out publicly as gay over the weekend, thanking her longtime girlfriend Amber Laign for her support as she battled cancer this year.And now celebrities, politicians and sports stars have taken to Twitter to voice their support for Good Morning America host Robin Roberts.'Good morning, America! Congratulations, @RobinRoberts,' tweeted openly gay Ellen Degeneres on Sunday night.   
 






 






 
Showing their support: Ellen Degeneres and Rosie O'Donnell were among the stars who tweeted their support for Robin Roberts after she came out as gay on Sunday 
  Cancer survivor Robin, 53, thanked her girlfriend Sunday as part of a heartfelt end-of-year thank you addressed to fans and loved ones posted to her Facebook.'I am grateful for my entire family, my long time girlfriend, Amber, and friends as we prepare to celebrate a glorious new year together,' Robin wrote.Other personalities who tweeted their support included Rosie O'Donnell, Michelle Obama and Melissa Etheridge.   





Going public: Cancer survivor Robin, 53, thanked her girlfriend Amber on Sunday as part of a heartfelt end-of-year thank you addressed to fans and loved ones posted to her Facebook  





It's a good day: Ellen kept it simple with a short message of congratulations   





Keeping it positive: O'Donnell sent well wishes Roberts' way, applauding her for her 'courage' and for speaking the 'truth'
 
 
 'ONLY LOVE 2 ROBIN ROBERTS #courage&truth [sic],' wrote Rosie, who is happily married to wife Kelli Carpenter-O'Donnell.'@RobinRoberts, I am so happy for you and Amber! You continue to make us all proud,' tweeted First Lady Michelle Obama on Monday morning.Writing the note while on vacation with the first family in Hawaii, Mrs Obama signed the tweet 'mo' to show the message was from her and not her staff.  





Sincere: Michelle Obama tweeted her support while on vacation with the first family in Hawaii, pictured with Robin on GMA in February 
   





Personal touch: Writing the note while on vacation with the first family in Hawaii, Mrs Obama signed the tweet 'mo' to show the message was from her and not her staff
 Melissa Etheridge chimed in, writing, '@RobinRoberts sending you so much love! So happy for you.' Reality star Lisa Vanderpump wrote: '@RobinRoberts and Amber, knowing you both I am sending love and support..oh and a happy new year!'Gay country singer Chely Wright tweeted to Robin: 'Big love and respect to you', while basketball player Jason Collins - who became  the first active male professional athlete in a major North American team sport to come out publicly as gay - added: 'So proud and happy for Robin Roberts - I wish you all the love and joy in the world. XO'.  





'Sending love': Melissa Etheridge, who is openly gay, told Roberts she was 'so happy' for her   





Passionate: Melissa has been a well-known gay and lesbian rights activist since she came out in 1993, pictured in LA earlier this month 
 
 Amber, a massage therapist, has secretly been by Robin's side and has joined her at a string of public events - watching on proudly as she sat next to her girlfriend's sisters as the GMA anchor was honoured with the ESPN's Arthur Ashe Award For Courage in in July.Today, Amber's family told MailOnline they were happy and supportive of the couple's romance, as Amber's mother Andrea Laign revealed she and her husband Paul had met Robin and given their blessing to their relationship.Speaking from the family home in Clayton, near Concord, Northern California, Mrs Laign said: 'We are very, very happy for them. Her dad and I and the whole family are very happy and totally supportive.'  





Quiet support: Amber has secretly been by Robin's side and has joined her at a string of public events - watching on proudly as she sat next to her girlfriend's sisters as the GMA anchor was honoured with the ESPN's Arthur Ashe Award For Courage in in July
  
 



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail















      Most watched News videos          William and Harry discuss the rawness of talking about mother Diana         Blair Logan points out 'fire hazard' in eerie gardening clip         William and Harry talk about their childhood with mother Diana         Heroic Starbucks customer hits armed robber with chair         John Heard tribute: Home alone dad, his most iconic role         Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington dies aged 41         Meet the bizarre goat born with a demonic human-looking face         This pervert jailed after arranging to meet 14-yr-old girl         Palm tree crushes woman to death in horrific freak accident         Long Gill River Kingsdale fills up with after heavy downpour         Minneapolis Police Chief responds to shooting of Justine Ruszczyk         Mysterious moment morphing UFO spotted flying over Cornwall         





       John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home...      ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded...      'The things I'd have said to her... if I knew it was the...      'You wouldn't tag hummus' Angry shopper accuses...      Great Ormond Street hospital call in police after doctors...      British teenagers on holiday in Turkey say they were...      'We bounced between the two of them and never saw either...      Sacre bleu! French complain that their brave sacrifice at...      Murderer who doused his brother and his girlfriend with...      Pudsey the dog's owner says she is NOT replacing him -...      Thug who kicked Paul Gascoigne down flight of hotel...      NBA star Mike Conley takes down Twitter trolls with...      'We spent our whole lives searching for them without...      Mother dropping off her son at nursery has amazing escape...      Father is charged with murdering his 13-year-old son four...      Flashing the flesh! Thousands of revellers step out in...      Astonished researchers uncover the Great Tunnel under...      'They spat at her... to make her cry': Prince William...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 80

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have been moderated in advance.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          'The things I'd have said to her': William and Harry's agony over final call with Diana as they share 'special' photos on 20th anniversary of her death 
          












          Miami heat! Sports Illustrated bombshell Hailey Clauson reveals her pert derriere as she packs on the PDA with boyfriend during beach day
          












          PICTURED: Catfish star Nev Schulman passionately kisses new wife Laura Perlongo after their romantic wedding 
          












          Family day! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego step out with sweet two-year-old twins Cy and Bowie
          
          Enjoyed a sunlit stroll in Studio City 
        











          'Our daughter that's coming': Andy Roddick reveals wife Brooklyn Decker is expecting their second child
          
          Model and tennis star already have a son
        














          'Look what you're missing!' Celebrities reveal how they would spend a night with an ex...and what their parting words would be 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Undisputed queen of the Hamptons! Christie Brinkley, 63, flashes fabulous legs in sexy white mini-dress with revealing cut-out
          












          The couple that works out together! Katharine McPhee rocks leggings as she takes shirtless new boyfriend Nick Harbone for hike
          












          Welcome to Miami! Charlotte McKinney showcases her flawless physique as she rocks Daisy Dukes for a beach holiday
          












          Bachelor's Corinne Olympios puts sex scandal behind her as she shows off her pert derriere in a high cut bikini in Miami
          
          Is moving past the issue
        











          Pregnant Eniko Parrish flashes wedding ring as she steps out after Kevin Hart DENIES foul play following pictures of him with mystery woman
          














          Can an A-list relationship REALLY end on good terms? The famous last words celebrities have spoken about their exes 
          
          SPONSORED
        











          Lupita Nyong'o wows in green jumpsuit and matching cape  for Black Panther film at Comic Con
          
          She stars as Nakia in Black Panther
        











          Making a Swift escape! Taylor tries to go incognito as she sneaks out in NYC as she's spotted for first time in seven weeks
          
          Hidden beneath a hood
        











          Oops! Christina Milian suffers wardrobe malfunction in sexy mesh top and red bikini as she hits the beach
          
          She was all smiles on the sand in Miami 
        











          Keeping her cool! Melanie Griffith displays toned arms in sleeveless shirt as she enjoys lunch with a male pal
          












          Sending temperatures soaring! Chris Hemsworth goes shirtless in action-packed Thor: Ragnarok preview unveiled at Comic-Con
          












          Another day, another bikini! Emily Ratajkowski shows off killer physique in white two-piece bathing suit
          
          Keeping the temperatures high
        











          'This is so stupid': Coco Austin adamantly defends herself from social media backlash against her naming her new blonde cornrows
          












          Eleven RETURNS in eerie new trailer for Stranger Things... but Will Byers may not be out of the woods after spending time in the Upside Down
          












          New mom-of-twins Beyonce and Solange show support for Missy Elliott as she performs first solo show in the states in more than a decade
          














          William shows Harry 'sweet' photo of his brother beaming with delight in one of the last images ever taken of the younger prince and his mother 
          












          Prince Harry on how 'total kid' Diana had the motto 'be as naughty as you want... just don't get caught' as Wills jokes about his celeb-filled 12th birthday 
          












          Princes on the impact of their parents' toxic marital breakdown and the picture of misery that confirmed to the Queen how bad things really were 
          












          Pretty in pattern! Kendall Jenner dons bold trousers with a T-shirt and pink purse for spa day in West Hollywood
          












          'A tragic loss of an absolute legend': Jared Leto, Blink-182 and Gavin Rossdale react to the shocking death of Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington
          












          Chloe Green and 'hot felon' Jeremy Meeks don matching denim outfits to cradle parrot during romantic LA holiday
          
          Pair are inseparable 
        











          We like to party! Never-before seen video emerges of former first lady Michelle Obama at Beyoncé's private birthday bash last year
          
          Knows how to let loose 
        











          Elegant in emerald! Reese Witherspoon flashes her legs in green maxi dress for Haney X FWRD Hamptons yacht party
          












          Jersey Shore star Ronnie Magro and girlfriend pictured bloodied after bottle-smashing 'fight' in Las Vegas
          
          Was covered in cuts 
        











          Jennifer Lopez applauded for using gender-neutral pronouns while praising her non-binary relative on Instagram
          
          Heaps of approval
        













          Return to Westworld! HBO unveils bloody preview for second season of smash hit western at Comic-Con
          
          Fans won't have long to wait 
        











          Ed the superfan extra: That mad Game of Thrones cameo was no one-off! Here we reveal how the British singer sneaks onto his favorite shows 
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sealed with a kiss! Brooklyn Beckham CONFIRMS romance with Madison Beer as they lock lips during LA shopping trip
          












          Love-love! Chrissy Teigen dazzles in chic white ensemble as she giggles and snuggles up to husband John Legend at tennis match
          












          Pamela Anderson dazzles in retro scarlet dress as she takes stand against controversial bullfighting practices in Spain
          












          Eva Longoria looks chic in a black maxi dress as she goes sightseeing with husband Joe Antonio Baston in Mallorca 
          
          Turned heads in Spain
        











          Wonder Woman 2 is on the way! Warner Bros. confirms sequel in the works as star Gal Gadot appears at Comic-Con
          
          Preparing for another Box Office hit?
        











          These boots were made for walking! Charlize Theron sizzles in thigh-high leather footwear as she promotes Atomic Blonde at Comic-Con
          












           Ben Affleck denies stepping down as Batman... as new trailer for Justice League debuts villain Steppenwolf at Comic-Con
          












          Picture-perfect! Rebel Wilson is all smiles and poses with fans at the launch of her fashion range in Seattle
          
          The actress beamed as she met her followers 
        











          Steven Spielberg joins the cast of Ready Player One as he debuts first footage of the spectacular action-packed virtual reality game thriller 
          












          Sizzling Chantel Jeffries showcases her curves in striped bikini as she cools off on Miami Beach
          
          Sporting some futuristic shades
        











           Top of the crops! Alessandra Ambrosio flashes her toned torso in white T-shirt...after taking a refreshing stroll in tiny red shorts
          
          She wowed in LA 
        











          PVC and kittens! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid are feline good as they pose in sexy bondage boots  for Ochirly
          












          Kate Moss, 43, snuggles up to toyboy beau Count Nikolai von Bismarck, 30, as they head out on theater date 
          














          Ryan Gosling praises Blade Runner 2049 as he and Harrison Ford join Comic-Con panel to promote the film ...and Jared Leto holograms in
          












          Conor McGregor's controversial 'F*** You' pinstripe suit he wore to Floyd Mayweather press conference goes on sale for a whopping $6,500
          












          'Ready for Cirque du Soleil': Ashley Graham showcases taut tummy and limber legs as she performs aerial silks workout
          












          Victoria's Secret angel Taylor Hill looks loved up with her beau Michael Stephen Shank... as she joins swimsuit clad pal Daphne Groeneveld for boat day in Saint-Tropez
          












          Powerful. Honest. Raw. But in honouring their mother, will the Princes rue the day they shared their testimony of grief, writes royal author ROBERT JOBSON 
          












          'I never imagined I could be this happy!' Catfish's Nev Schulman ties the knot with Laura Perlongo... and baby daughter Cleo is flower girl
          












          She's so fierce! Kylie Jenner's on the prowl as she flashes her flat abs and long legs in smoldering Puma promo
          
          One of the sportswear brand's ambassadors
        











          Hot in the city! Elizabeth Banks shows off her lovely legs in a flirty mini-skirt as she grabs a cold drink in LA
          
          The 43-year-old looked fresh as  daisy
        











          Proud papa! Rob Kardashian returns to social media with cute snap of Dream... as Blac Chyna parties with new beau in Miami
          
          Back online
        











          Teen transformation! Disney star-turned-Hollywood actress Debby Ryan says Australia played crucial role in blossoming career
          












          We belong together! Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie kick off epic All The Hits tour together with magical performance in San Francisco
          












          Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as their wrap up their Italian vacation
          












          'I was inspired about what happened': Aspiring rapper Gabi Grecko to release hip-hop track about ex Geoffrey Edelsten
          












          John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
          
          Died in California
        











          Cristiano Ronaldo looks in good spirits as he signs autographs in Shanghai... after confirming girlfriend Georgina is pregnant with his fourth child
          












          Where's new flame Brooklyn Beckham? Madison Beer leaves little to the imagination in crop top as she parties at Tyga's music release bash
          












          Wild man! A barefoot Jason Momoa SMASHES a chair at Comic-Con in San Diego while promoting the upcoming Justice League movie
          












          The dream team! Chris Hemsworth enjoys boys' weekend at San Diego's Comic Con while wife Elsa Pataky parties at music festival with young twins
          












          Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she packs on PDA with new beau Mechie in Miami... and gets a kiss from Joanna Krupa's ex
          
          New relationship
        











          The new face of Topshop? Jeremy Meeks poses in Sir Phillip Green's LA shop window as gleeful heiress girlfriend Chloe Green looks on
          












          GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Beckhams' $6.5m new retreat has 'his and her' wings amid rumours David's love of partying is driving a wedge between couple
          












          I'm four! George and his gap-toothed grin: Kate and William release adorable portrait of the Prince as they prepare to celebrate his birthday 
          












          It's in his kiss! Jeremy Meeks passionately locks lips with girlfriend Chloe Green during coffee run in LA and confirms that 'we are' in love
          












          Prince William says people would be 'appalled' if they knew what paparazzi did to elicit a reaction from the 'most hunted person of the modern age' 
          












          Pregnant Nicky Hilton works understated glamor in a loose blouse and denim shorts as she enjoys sun-soaked family holiday in St Tropez
          












          Speaking to Diego? Suki Waterhouse, 25, appears deep in conversation during New York stroll... after reigniting romance rumors with Luna, 37
          












          Revealed: Kate's $34,000 tour wardrobe as the Duchess pulls out all the stops to showcase Polish, German AND British fashion
          












          Shirtless Orlando Bloom shows off his incredible abs as he soaks up the sunshine on beach getaway in France
          
          Hit the beach
        











          Toned and terrific! Shanina Shaik displays statuesque figure in a sleeveless floral frock for Miami fashion show
          
          The 26-year-old wore a choker necklace
        











          Man of style! Justin Timberlake keeps low profile in beanie and shades as he wheels his suitcase through New York
          
          Nearly unnoticeable
        











          'I don't regret a bit of that': Kelly Lynch says motherhood led her to reject Basic Instinct role that made Sharon Stone's career
          
          Impacted her decisions
        











          When you got it! Nicki Minaj slips on cleavage-baring black ensemble with thigh-high boots and dances to her Swish Swish verse on a balcony
          












          Emily Ratajkowski shocks fans as she shows off her VERY slender figure and ample chest to pose completely NAKED for LOVE Magazine
          












          Chris Brown 'sues concert organizer citing extreme emotional distress in 2015 incident in the Philippines'
          
          Not initially permitted to leave the country
        











          Hello, gorgeous! Christina Milian offers glimpse at bra through sheer off-the-shoulder top as she strolls in Miami Beach with a male pal
          












          ABS-olutely incredible! Chanel Iman flashes her flat stomach in neutral crop top and pencil skirt for Miami swim week after party
          
          Incredible body
        











          Simply stunning! Ruth Negga hits fashion high note in a vintage-inspired dress as she attends Comic Con alongside her Preacher co-stars
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone supports sister Petra Stunt as they step out for lunch with father Bernie and their children
          












          Top of the crops! Jamie Chung shows some skin in a black crop top at a Comic-Con party for The Gifted
          
          Showed off her fit physique at a party
        











          The bodyguard who saw EVERYTHING: How Diana once flirted with Pavarotti, jumped 20ft from a hotel balcony and travelled 'goat class' with a hen party
          












          Pep in her step! Vanessa Hudgens accentuates gym-honed legs in flirty red dress as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Judge on FOX's So You Think You Can Dance
        











          Keeping her cool! Ariel Winter goes braless during grocery run in LA as boyfriend Levi Meaden dotes on young family member
          












          Look at me! Geri Horner flaunts slender midriff in tiny vest top and biker jacket as she steps out in London for radio hosting gig
          
          Packed schedule 
        











          Making a splash! Audrina Patridge is paisley perfect as she debuts her sizzling swimwear line at SwimMiami
          
          Starting a new chapter
        











          'When you find out mommy was a pop star!' Victoria Beckham shares sweet moment delighted daughter Harper discovers her Spice Girls dolls
          












          She's not a regular mom, she's a cool mom! Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky takes her young twins to music festival
          
          Soaked up the sounds
        











          She's a knockout! Romee Strijd showcases her toned legs and trim midriff in mini skirt during stroll through New York 
          
          Showcased her legs 
        











          Nick Cannon hits the runway for Miami Swim Week while holding hands with model Addison Garman
          
          Singer, actor, producer and now model 
        











          Usher 'faces new lawsuit from woman who claims he didn't tell her he had herpes before their unprotected sexual encounter'
          
          A $10 million lawsuit 
        











          Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries sizzles in bathing suit as she tops up her tan in Miami...after sharing flirty nude snap from bed
          












          'Love you': Julianne Hough heaps praise on BFF Kristy Sowin as she is lavished with gifts on 29th birthday during sun-soaked honeymoon
          
          Overcome with emotion 
        











          Bikini model Natasha Oakley says achieving success despite not having a 'rail-thin' frame has provided fans with 'new-found confidence'
          
          Australian bikini model 
        











          Hitting their stride! Bella Thorne rocks beanie and all-white outfit as she steps out with male pal in LA
          
          Had her arm casually draped around him
        











          Khloe Kardashian blast cruel trolls who claim OJ Simpson is her DAD as family friend 'The Juice' prepares to be released in October
          
          Spoken out 
        











          The terrible twos strike! Adorable Charlotte throws a tantrum as she refuses to board the plane at Hamburg airport (but it's all smiles from George)
          












          Sienna Miller looks chic in cream jumper as she's supported by pal Liv Tyler at her West End production of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Signed autographs
        











          Looking lovely! Jamie Chung displays toned legs in gingham dress with corset belt as she supports action show at Comic-Con
          
          X-Men spinoff star 
        











          IT's back! Pennywise the Clown gnaws on child's dismembered hand in horrifying Comic-Con sneak peek of Stephen King remake
          
          Gruesome shot
        











          Lily Cole looks sheepish in an oversized hooded dress while co-star Charlotte Ritchie is laden with boxes as the pair head home after starring in play
          












          Peachy keen! Carrie Underwood shows off her fantastically flat abs in scenic lakeside swimsuit selfie
          
          Country superstar looked great 
        











          Party time! Kylie Jenner celebrates wrap of self-titled reality series with frosted neon lip cake
          
          Wrapped her reality show Life Of Kylie 
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B's ex-nanny stole $300,000 from her and is threatening to release sex tapes claims her attorney during bitter court sessions
          












          Making a big splash! Puffy Daddy lives large as he goes shirtless and sips cocktails with his family on $46M luxury boat off coast of Italy
          
          Had a whale of a time
        











          Still smirking at justice: OJ Simpson tells close friend he plans to visit his ex-wife's grave as he continues to insist he didn't murder her 
          
          Granted parole
        











          She can act, too! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi stuns in Comic-Con portraits as she promotes her latest movie 'Sharknado 5' 
          
          Many talents
        











          Documentary maker Ron Creevey claims Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily will be 'very well taken care of' thanks to work of accountants'
          












          Tragic INXS singer Michael Hutchence's daughter Tiger Lily who was left an orphan after her British mother died of an overdose celebrates turning 21 
          












          Showing some skin! Gwyneth Paltrow dons VERY tiny shorts and long striped blouse for summery outing with gal pal
          
          Proudly flaunted he legs
        











          Like day and night! Blonde Kaley Cuoco looks cute as she poses with her raven-haired younger sister Briana at Comic-Con in California
          
          Sisterly love 
        








 
 
DON'T MISS










          'Da, da, da, daaa!' Conductor Kate is asked to take up baton to direct Hamburg Symphony Orchestra (and she opts for Beethoven's Fifth)
          












          Age-defying Sharon Stone, 59, looks incredible as she displays her flat stomach and slim legs in a tiny blue bikini in Instagram snap
          












          'I'm not interested in selling my music': Singer Gotye turned down $10 million dollars in YouTube royalties for hit Somebody That I Used To Know
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Mel B blasts nanny's lawsuit that claimed the women were lovers - and it was the ex Spice Girl who pressured then teen into making sex tapes
          












          Sports Illustrated model Joy Corrigan goes TOPLESS on Miami beach as she has fun in the sun with fellow model  Kristyna Schickova
          












          'Are you excited to see your dad?': Khloe Kardashian is trolled on Instagram after news that 'real father' OJ Simpson is being released from prison
          












          Body confident Ashley Graham leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she poses completely nude for sexy photoshoot for LOVE magazine 
          












          Kim Kardashian shows off her famous hourglass figure in an embellished mesh skirt and crop top as she attends a Balmain bash in Los Angeles 
          












          She Ha-did it again! Braless supermodel Bella, 20, wows in skimpy crop top as she hits the streets of New York City
          
          Casually coordinated
        











          Eva Longoria flaunts her figure in a pretty pink bikini as she sips on a cocktail by the pool in Ibiza
          
          Relaxed in style at a Hard Rock Hotel 
        











          Happy National Day! Belgium's King Philippe and Queen Mathilde make for picture perfect family as they celebrate with their children in Brussels 
          












          Love is in the air! Game Of Thrones actress Sophie Turner cuts a casual figure in double denim as she joins boyfriend Joe Jonas at LAX
          












          Ryan Murphy reveals title for season seven of American Horror Story which stars Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Billie Lourd and Lena Dunham
          












          Gucci girl! Leggy Hailey Baldwin wears $400 'paint-splattered' designer t-shirt and tiny shorts to attend Kendrick Lamar concert in New York
          












          Petra Ecclestone's lawyer says it is 'scandalous' that her estranged husband James Stunt won't agree to a compromise in their $7bn divorce 
          












          Is it too late to say sorry? Justin Bieber BANNED from China for 'bad behavior'... as country reinforces efforts to 'purify' its entertainment industry
          












          Kris Jenner lets her hair down as she parties in a white feather boa with boyfriend Corey Gamble at a themed bash on a yacht in St Tropez
          












          'They wanted spoilers!' Game of Thrones star Tom Wlaschiha reveals 'charming' Kate and William grilled him about tshow they love to watch when he met the royals
          












          'Snapchat queen' Yesjulz showcases toned bikini body as she frolics on the beach with singer Lexy Panterra in Miami... amid nude photos 'sextortion' case
          












          'That's Granny's boat!' William gets nostalgic as he admires a model of Royal Yacht Britannia which he vacationed on as a child during visit to museum with Kate
          












          Olivia Munn puts on a VERY busty display in risque nude bra as she stands out from the crowd in eye-popping orange co-ord at Comic-Con
          












          OJ's son Justin Simpson is all smiles as he emerges from Walmart after his father's parole hearing
          
          A very good day for the Simpson family 
        











          Age-defying Salma Hayek, 50, puts on a VERY busty display in corset T-shirt as she heads out for dinner with pal
          
          Keeping it casual
        











          Mariah Carey and beau Bryan Tanaka look smitten as they hold hands in Los Angeles... just days after her lackluster dancing goes viral
          












          Camilla wraps up in a trench coat on a rainy day in western England as she and Charles enjoy tea and a scone with the locals (including a very friendly dog)
          












          Jason Bateman and wife Amanda Anka enjoy date night at New York City premiere of his new Netflix series Ozark ... after celebrating 16th wedding anniversary
          












          'Pina coladas and cave swimming':  Sailor Brinkley-Cook flashes flesh as she sizzles in bikini snaps from  tropical holiday adventure
          












          Partying with a six pack! Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her taut tummy in revealing crop top as she parties in Hollywood
          
          Spotted leaving Craig's looking fabulous
        











          In the best possible taste! Reese Witherspoon sticks tongue out and flashes her legs she leaves Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop event in New York
          












          'Everyone has an opinion!' Country singer and mother-of-one Jana Kramer hits out at online mom shamers
          
          Spoke out after Smokeout Festival
        











          'He's not perfect': Todd Chrisley approves of daughter Savannah's 'beautiful relationship' with new NBA beau Luke Kennard
          
          Very happy for them 
        











          Bandmates and friends of Linkin Park's Chester Bennington arrive at his LA home after his shock 'suicide' which coincided with Chris Cornell's birthday
          












          Peek-a-boob! Braless Ariel Winter flashes serious sideboob in daringly skimpy top... after hitting back at bodyshamers
          
          Voluptuous curves
        











          'I went off the wagon': RHOC star Shannon Beador addresses weight gain after blaming co-star Vicki Gunvalson of causing her to stress eat
          












          Khloe Kardashian's NBA beau Tristan Thompson tours $9M LA mansion with basketball court and putting green
          
          Things are getting serious between them
        











          Make-up free Paris Jackson flaunts cleavage and toned legs in skimpy scarlet playsuit as she steps out in New York City
          
          Natural beauty
        











          As Bella Hadid wears a sports bra as a crop top and Emily Ratajkowski rocks a dress as a coat, we reveal five very versatile styles to stock in YOUR summer closet 
          












          Letting her Skarsgard down! Topless Alexa Chung flashes her bare breasts in raunchy LOVE shoot... after 'split' from actor Alexander
          
          Uncharateristic
        











          That'll show them! Halle Berry, 50, downs half a PINT of whiskey at Comic-Con event in San Diego after denying she is pregnant 
          
          Perfect response 
        











          Elle Evans, 27, flashes toned tummy in tie-front top as she joins boyfriend Muse frontman Matt Bellamy, 39, backstage at The Late Show
          












          Gwyneth Paltrow and her lookalike mom Blythe Danner wear matching Prada outfits as they attend GOOP event with star's ex-husband Chris Martin
          












          Kylie Jenner sells her plush seven bedroom Calabasas 'starter home' for $3.15 million... making a 'modest' $550k profit just two years after buying it
          












          Sofia Vergara, 45, looks stunning as she enjoys romantic night with hunky husband Joe Manganiello at star-studded Guns N' Roses show in NYC
          












          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sheer wonder! Braless Kim Kardashian flashes her ample cleavage in a dangerously low-cut mesh jumpsuit for date night with Kanye
          












          Poppy Delevingne flashes her underwear in a metallic semi-sheer cobweb mini dress as she poses with designer Olivier Rousteing at the Balmain party
          












          Top of the crops! Chantel Jeffries shows off toned tummy as she wears athleisure to Miami party...after being spotted on date with Wilmer Valderrama
          












          Casually-clad Kendall Jenner puts on a cozy display with musician pal Taco Bennett as they link arms during night out together in West Hollywood
          












          Princess Diana's  belongings from her writing desk to tape collection go on display giving a rare glimpse into the tragic royal's life 20 years after she died
          












          Mel B cuts a pensive figure as she steps out in a strapless jumpsuit... while former nanny Lorraine Gilles makes a rare public appearance ahead of court hearing
          












          'He had a really great way of making you forget who he was': Mayte Garcia describes losing her virginity to Prince
          
          Released her first book
        











          Pretty Little Outfit: Lucy Hale looks chic in a loose navy jumpsuit and colourful retro shoes as she steps out for coffee
          
          The 28-year-old looked super stylish 
        











          Peace! Paris Jackson flaunts hippie style in groovy glasses and tie-dye pants on NYC streets
          
          She has burning candle at both ends 
        











          ABS-olutely fabulous! Demi Lovato flaunts her toned midsection while on the set of upcoming music video
          
          Rocking a tiny crop top and track bottoms
        











          Transformers' Isabela Moner and Laura Haddock don elegant gowns for Tokyo premiere of The Last Knight
          
          Joined by life-size robots
        











          'It's going down!' Model Shanina Shaik flaunts her slender figure in a black mini skirt at a bowling alley ahead of Miami Swim Week party
          
          Letting her hair down 
        











          About to pop out! Busty Christina Milian flaunts her cleavage in sexy white off-the-shoulder dress with buttons up the front
          
          On the red carpet 
        











          An unlikely bromance! Criss Angel is feted by acting star Gary Oldman at Hollywood Walk Of Fame presentation
          
          He is one of the biggest stars in the world
        











          'I did think about getting breast implants': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm reflects on her body image battle and reveals why she will never get surgery
          












          Sienna Miller is the picture of elegance in a flirty and feminine embroidered frock as she leaves performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof in London
          












          'I wanted to cater more to women': Tyga claims female fanbase has 'exploded' as he promotes album... but doesn't mention ex Kylie Jenner
          












          Fry another day! Sunburnt Bill Clinton dines with his favorite James Bond actor Pierce Brosnan on a private boat in Hawaii 
          
          Enjoying himself 
        











          Bella Thorne smooches rapper Blackbear's shoulder...just days after partying with Scott Disick in NYC
          
          Non-stop for Bella 
        











          Holiday mode! Elle Macpherson enjoys afternoon siesta during chilled out Mexican holiday...following reports of 'split from billionaire Jeff Soffer'
          












          Proud grandma! Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles dances to Blue Ivy's rap on Jay-Z's new album in sweet Instagram video
          
          One proud grandmother
        











          Kit Harington and Rose Leslie DENY they are engaged... after reports claimed Game of Thrones actor had proposed over 'candlelit dinner'
          












          AC slayed her! Paula Patton is in good spirits as she cracks up during interview with Mario Lopez  on Extra
          
          Cracked up on the set during filming 
        











          'Everybody gets along great!': David Arquette reveals his secrets to successful co-parenting with Courteney Cox 
          
          He is the epitome of a modern family man
        











          Make-up free Kendall Jenner covers her face while leaving a Beverly Hills dermatology clinic
          
          The 21-year-old left without a scrap of makeup on
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









'The things I'd have said to her... if I knew it was the last time we'd speak': William and Harry's agony...





Father is charged with murdering his 13-year-old son four years after dramatic confrontation with his...





Millenial social media star Jake Paul, 20, who terrorized his millionaire neighbors with parties and 'crazy...





Mueller 'wants to turn Paul Manafort against his former Trump campaign colleagues in Russia probe by using...





John McCain goes on hike with daughter Meghan and their dog three days after announcing devastating brain...





Outrage at Trump ally who urged former rival John McCain to resign after his 'grim' brain cancer diagnosis...





Jeb Bush slams Republicans for backing Trump amid Russia scandal after they criticized Obama for going soft...





Angry protests erupt at 'racist' Brooklyn bar that serves 40 ounces of rose wine in paper bags and brags...





Fourth man is arrested in horrific Queens sex attack: Twenty-year-old is charged with 'forcing a woman, 50,...





Fraudster who pretended to sell $500MILLION worth of paintings that were stolen during the biggest art heist...





'Act like a grown-up': Drunk driver who left popular principal an amputee is blasted by judge and loses plea...





You 'SLAUGHTERED THEM': Governor Chris Christie maintains that OJ Simpson was behind the slashing deaths of...





Chance the Rapper concert spirals out of control: 50 underage drinkers are cuffed and more than 90 teenage...





White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci plans to DELETE past tweets misquoting Mark Twain,...





Donald Trump has been asked to make a 'dummy run' visit to Britain later this year for brief talks with...





Trump claims The New York Times 'foiled' a bid to take out ISIS chief al-Baghdadi and slams their 'sick...





‘I’ve seen America, and it’s lousy’: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte rejects Trump’s invite and says he...





'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging...





'A 100,000-ton message to the world': Trump hails $12.9 billion warship as 'the newest, largest and most...





Russian ambassador whose meetings with Trump campaign officials loom large in investigations of Moscow's...





White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci 'referred to outgoing Press Secretary Sean Spicer as...





EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog,...





That's cold! Sean Spicer 'stole a mini-fridge from White House junior staffers under the cover of darkness'





Top general says Russians could force US out of Syria, as Congress strikes deal to slap them with new...





'I turned around, and I heard a shot': Woman, 19, describes the moment her boyfriend, 19, was shot and...





One of the first black major news anchors and Washington, DC's longest serving local TV host Jim Vance, dies...





'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when...





'Mum was at my wedding': William on how his mother's death 'was like an earthquake' that took him seven...





Prince Harry on how 'total kid' Diana had the motto 'be as naughty as you want... just don't get caught' as...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            John Heard, 72, best known for portraying dad in Home Alone films, is found dead 'by maid service at California hotel'
            



 
            'The things I'd have said to her... if I knew it was the last time we'd speak': William and Harry's agony over final phone call with Diana as they share unseen photos - including one of princess pregnant 
            



 
            ISIS fighters dress up as WOMEN with make-up and padded bras in desperate bid to flee Mosul - but are caught after neglecting to trim their facial hair! 
            



 
            Father is charged with murdering his 13-year-old son four years after dramatic confrontation with his ex-wife on Dr Phil: Investigators say teen was killed after he saw 'compromising images' of his dad 
            



 
            Dramatic moment hero Starbucks customer, 58, beats armed robber half his age with a chair and hospitalizes the crook
            



 
            NBA star Mike Conley takes down Twitter trolls with hilarious response to their cruel claims that his wife had an affair because their son is 'too white'
            



 
            Mother and daughter horribly scarred in brutal acid attack in India STILL live with attacker - because they are too poor and 'shamed' to live on their own
            



 
            'We bounced between the two of them and never saw either enough': Princes on the impact of their parents' toxic marital breakdown and the picture of misery that confirmed to the Queen how bad things really were 
            



 
            Former escort who tried to enlist a hitman to kill her new husband weeps in court as she is sentenced to 16 years
            



 
            We like to party! Never-before seen video emerges of former first lady Michelle Obama at Beyoncé's private birthday bash last year
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer spotted getting some early morning air with his rescue dog, billy, near his Virginia home one day after abruptly resigning from White House 
            



 
            'I've got complete power to pardon': Trump defends Don Jr. and undermines embattled Jeff Sessions in raging Twitter rant against Russia probe
            



 
            Mamma Mia! Bikini-clad Marla Maples and Tiffany Trump soak up the sun in a last minute sunbathing session as they wrap up their Italian vacation
            



 
            Arizona republican who lost primary to John McCain urges him to step down after 'grim brain cancer diagnosis because 'end of life choices are never easy'
            



 
            Boy, 5, who went viral after receiving a heart transplant, dies just one month after he was finally released from the hospital
            



 
            'We spent our whole lives searching for them without stopping': Family finally bury husband and wife whose bodies were found perfectly preserved in Swiss glacier 75 years after they disappeared
            



 
            Woman, 20, is arrested 'for having sex with a 14-year-old boy she met through a coworker'
            



 
            'A 100,000-ton message to the world': Trump hails $12.9 billion warship as 'the newest, largest and most advanced aircraft carrier in the history of this world' that can operate for 20 YEARS without refueling
            



 
            'It's absolutely sickening': Justine Damond's family outraged over claims she may have been on drugs when rogue cop shot her dead - as police grill cyclist over 'footage'
            



 
            Sacre bleu! French complain that their brave sacrifice at Dunkirk has been written out of new blockbuster movie (while the Russians say it celebrates cowardice) 
            



 
            Cops rescue underage girl from locked-up New York City bar after she passed out in the bathroom
            



 
            'Act like a grown-up': Drunk driver who left popular principal an amputee is blasted by judge and loses plea deal after she turns up hours late for court and broke down in tears
            



 
            John McCain goes on hike with daughter Meghan and their dog three days after announcing devastating brain cancer diagnosis 
            



 
            Crab fishing boat that sank in the waters where 'Deadliest Catch' is filmed is recovered five months after it sank with six crew members on board
            



 
            You 'SLAUGHTERED THEM': Governor Chris Christie maintains that OJ Simpson was behind the slashing deaths of his ex-wife and her friend after he was granted parole
            



 
            German girl, 16, found in Mosul who became ISIS bride and 'admitted killing soldiers' may face trial in Iraq 
            



 
            Millenial social media star Jake Paul, 20, who terrorized his millionaire neighbors with parties and 'crazy stunts' is DROPPED by Disney
            



 
            'They spat at her... to make her cry': Prince William says people would be 'appalled' if they knew what paparazzi did to elicit a reaction from the 'most hunted person of the modern age' 
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL





























































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 




















 


Ellen Odonnell's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo






















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsAlabama(2)Arizona(5)California(27)Colorado(4)Connecticut(11)Delaware(1)District of Columbia(2)Florida(17)Georgia(5)Illinois(19)SHOW ALL 39 LOCATIONS







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (O)








Ellen Odonnell






Ellen Odonnell214 people named Ellen Odonnell found in Massachusetts, New York and 37 other states. Click a state below to find Ellen more easily.



Browse locationsAlabama(2)Arizona(5)California(27)Colorado(4)Connecticut(11)Delaware(1)District of Columbia(2)Florida(17)Georgia(5)Illinois(19)SHOW ALL 39 LOCATIONS










Person


Ellen
R
Odonnell, age 42



Locations

Billings,
MT


Fernley,
NV


Reno,
NV


Herlong,
CA


Rapid City,
SD



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 73



Locations

Brookline,
MA


Southfield,
MI


Brant Rock,
MA


Quincy,
MA


Marshfield,
MA



Relatives

Stephen

Odonnell


Kathleen

Odonnell


Diana

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
E
Odonnell, age 92



Locations

Lansdale,
PA


Ambler,
PA


College Park,
MD


Blackwood,
NJ


Flourtown,
PA



Relatives

Brian

O'Donnell


Joseph

O'Donnell


Julie

O'Donnell


Nancy

O'Donnell


Patrick

O'Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
S
Odonnell, age 71

Eileen Odonnell
Sue Odonnell


Locations

New Hartford,
NY


Chittenango,
NY


Whitesboro,
NY


Delray Beach,
FL


Red Bank,
NJ



Relatives

Daniel

Odonnell


Misty

Odonnell


Steven

Odonnell


Brian

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 51



Locations

Brewster,
MA


Los Gatos,
CA


Campbell,
CA


Berkeley,
CA


Fremont,
CA



Relatives

Pellegrini

Pellegrini


Mark

Pellegrini



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
S
Odonnell, age 63

Sarah Odonnell
Donnell Odonnell


Locations

Warren,
ME


Brunswick,
ME


Haddon Heights,
NJ


Pittston,
PA


Nanticoke,
PA



Relatives

Patrick

Odonnell


William

Odonnell


Brendon

Odonnell


Jean

Odonnell


Wm

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 51



Locations

Norwood,
PA


Villas,
NJ


Cape May,
NJ


Plainfield,
NJ


Glenolden,
PA



Relatives

Cheheive

Scott


Frederick

Scott


William

Scott


Robert

Scott



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
R
Odonnell, age 43



Locations

Harwood,
MD


Lothian,
MD


Churchton,
MD


Crofton,
MD



Relatives

Donald

Odonnell


Marjorie

Odonnell


Rachel

Odonnell


Bonnie

Odonnell


Celeste

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
C
Odonnell, age 66

Donnell Odonnell


Locations

Loveland,
CO


Commerce City,
CO


Parker,
CO


Elizabeth,
CO


Westminster,
CO



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
A
Odonnell, age 52



Locations

Monticello,
IL


Ozark,
AL


Newville,
AL


Newton,
AL


Savannah,
GA



Relatives

Bobbie

Strack


Delores

Strack


Anita

Strack


Richard

Strack


Milton

Strack



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 60

Eileen Odonnell


Locations

Clinton,
CT


New Haven,
CT


Wilmette,
IL


Guilford,
CT



Relatives

Margaret

O'Donnell


Paul

O'Donnell


Augh

O'Donnell


Patrick

O'Donnell


Rosanne

O'Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 45

Nellie Odonnell
Tracey Odonnell


Locations

Glenview,
IL


Wilmette,
IL


Evanston,
IL


Chicago,
IL


Mount Prospect,
IL



Relatives

Margaret

Donnell


Augh

Donnell


Patrick

Donnell


Rosanne

Donnell


Mary

Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
D
Odonnell, age 60



Locations

Chestnut Hill,
MA


Huntington,
NY


Port Washington,
NY


Boston,
MA



Relatives

Chris

Bonaventura


Anthony

Bonaventura


Julia

Bonaventura


Muriel

Bonaventura


Betsey

Bonaventura



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
A
Odonnell, age 49



Locations

Franklin,
MA


Canton,
MA


Branford,
CT


Madison,
CT


North Haven,
CT



Relatives

Kevin

O'Brien



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 53

Elenora Odonnell


Locations

Lancaster,
MA


Clinton,
MA


Hyannis,
MA


Leominster,
MA



Relatives

Erin

O'Donnell


Meghan

O'Donnell


John

O'Donnell


Lenora

O'Donnell


James

O'Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 54

Megan Odonnell


Locations

Cleveland,
OH


Lakewood,
OH


Pittsburgh,
PA


New York,
NY


Bay Village,
OH



Relatives

Patrick

Patton


Manuel

Patton



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 59

Marie Odonnell


Locations

Grass Valley,
CA


Fremont,
CA


North San Juan,
CA


Newark,
CA


Cedar Ridge,
CA



Relatives

William

Odonnell


Ossie

Odonnell


Deven

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
V
Odonnell, age 88



Locations

Rocky River,
OH


Lakewood,
OH


Cleveland,
OH



Relatives

Mary

Odonnell


Eugene

Odonnell


Timothy

Odonnell


Sean

Odonnell


Elizabeth

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 53



Locations

Portage,
WI


Madison,
WI


Schaumburg,
IL


Oceanside,
CA



Relatives

Theresa

Donnell


Shannen

Donnell


John

Donnell


A

Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
R
Odonnell, age 60



Locations

Woodstock,
GA


Marietta,
GA


Houston,
TX



Relatives

Edward

O'Donnell


Lorraine

O'Donnell


Charles

O'Donnell


William

O'Donnell


Robert

O'Donnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 63



Locations

Auburn,
CA


San Francisco,
CA


San Anselmo,
CA


Foresthill,
CA



Relatives

Christy

Macinnes


Marti

Macinnes


Andrea

Macinnes


Macinn

Macinnes



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 57

Barron Odonnell


Locations

Kissimmee,
FL


Flagler Beach,
FL


Orlando,
FL


Ocoee,
FL



Relatives

Edward

Odonnell


Shawn

Odonnell


Susan

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 56

Ellenmarie Odonnell
Michael Odonnell


Locations

Milton,
MA


West Roxbury,
MA


Plymouth,
MA


San Antonio,
TX



Relatives

Teresa

Odonnell


Brenda

Odonnell


Denise

Odonnell


T

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
P
Odonnell, age 50

Kollar Odonnell


Locations

Kenilworth,
IL


Mc Lean,
VA


Chicago,
IL


New York,
NY



Relatives

Timothy

Kollar


Madge

Kollar


Ellen

Kollar



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
O
Odonnell, age 67



Locations

New York,
NY


Lakewood,
OH


Pittsburgh,
PA


Bay Village,
OH



Relatives

Heather

Odonnell


Megan

Odonnell


Ellen

Odonnell


John

Odonnell


Florence

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
E
Odonnell, age 86



Locations

New York,
NY


Lakewood,
OH


Pittsburgh,
PA


Bay Village,
OH



Relatives

Heather

Odonnell


Megan

Odonnell


John

Odonnell


Florence

Odonnell


Ellen

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
E
Odonnell, age 53

Ellen-Nell Odonnell
Donnell Odonnell


Locations

San Jose,
CA


Rockville,
MD


Novato,
CA


Los Angeles,
CA


San Francisco,
CA



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
P
Odonnell, age 73



Locations

Lakewood,
OH


Bay Village,
OH


Rocky River,
OH



Relatives

Heather

Odonnell


John

Odonnell


Florence

Odonnell


Megan

Odonnell


Laura

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 61



Locations

Clearwater,
FL


Brooksville,
FL


Saint Petersburg,
FL


Pinellas Park,
FL


Gainesville,
FL



Relatives

Odonnell

Odonnell


Lauren

Odonnell


Clare

Odonnell



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Ellen
M
Odonnell, age 57



Locations

Campbell,
CA


Fremont,
CA


Berkeley,
CA


Oakland,
CA



Relatives

Pellegrini

Pellegrini


Elaine

Pellegrini


Mark

Pellegrini


Ch

Pellegrini



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Statistics for all
214
Ellen Odonnell results:



63 yrs
Average age
27% are in their 60s, while the average age is 63.


$80k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $80k.


100%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


54%
Married
54% of these people are married, and 46% are single.





Business Records related to Ellen Odonnell:




Ellen Odonnell


Title:
Tech Prep Secretary Nys Education Department Tech Prep Program


Company:
Finger Lakes Community College


CoWorkers:
Flcc, Fingerlakescommunitycollege




Ellen Odonnell


Title:
Teacher


Company:
Sycamore Community Unit School District 427


CoWorkers:
Annette Rich, Pam Pickens, Sheila Golbeck, Sherry Goff, Donna Ohagan




Ellen Odonnell


Title:
Director  Medical Library


Company:
St John Hospital Medical Ctr


CoWorkers:
Stjohnhospitalmedicalctr, Effie Papadakis Bills, Sanaa Elias, Deanna Griebe






Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.

























	Ellen Lily O'Donnell Online Obituary | Urban Funeral Home and Cremation Services    


























































 











 


Standing out in our community 




                                            (215) 646-8556                                        

Directions



























Obituary 


 






 




Please enable javascript!






                            Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell                            


                                October 27, 1924 - November 19, 2014                            

















                                                    Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell                                                    

Oct 27, 1924 - Nov 19, 2014 



















                                                                Get Updates                                                            


Share on Facebook                                                            


Send
                                                                    Flowers
                                                                



 Login to Family Portal



Confirmation
Grief
Tribute
                                            Notifications







Iframe toggler



                                                                Find Us On Facebook                                                            

Join Now







                                                                Free Grief Support                                                            

Sign Up







                                                                Plan Your Future                                                            

Start Now


























Show your support
Send Flowers







Comfort the family
Share a Memory













ObituaryObit

Tributes


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Services

Flowers
                                                                                                            0 









                                                Obituary
                                            

Tributes

Services


More 


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Flowers
                                                                                                                            0














                                            Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell

Legacy
Our Dear Mother Ellen E. "Lily" (nee McGovern) was born on October 27,1924 in County Cavan, Ireland. Seeking adventure, she set sail across the Atlantic at the age of 27 to America. Lily met the love of her life Patrick "Joe" O'Donnell in Philadelphia where they started their family. Dad built the family home some years later in Flourtown. Mom created many happy memories here especially on Holiday's. Her tireless dedication to all of us was immeasurable. She maintained a strong devotion to her Catholic faith to the end.

Family
Lily lost her beloved "Joe" in 1981. She leaves her loving children, Margaret O'Donnell, James (Phyllis) , Joseph (Julie), Teresa Albert (Don), Patrick (Nancy) and Ann Enright (Patrick).
Also her cherished grandchildren, Joseph Mangione, Krista Mares (Tanner), Daniel O'Donnell, Kevin O'Donnell, Brian O'Donnell, Grace Albert, Madeline Albert, Christopher O'Donnell, Erin O'Donnell, and Lily Enright and her beloved great grandchildren., Indiana and Jack Mares.
She is survived by several in-laws, and many devoted nephews and nieces here and in Ireland.
Farewell
Friends and family can gather at St. Genevieve's church in Flourtown on Tuesday, November 25, 2014 from 8:30 am to 10:00 am, where Mass will be held sharply at 10:00 am. Interment will follow at Holy Sepulchre cemetery.
In honor of our Irish Lass, wear something green. In Lieu of flowers donations to Saint Genevieve School 1237 Bethlehem Pike Flourtown, PA 19031 would be appreciated by the family.
Thank you everyone from the O'Donnell Family for all your thoughts and prayers.                                        





                                            Posting as Who are you posting
                                                as?










 


 













                                                    Post Tribute
                                                











Post Privately?










Patrick J. O'Donnell
                                                                on
                                                                Jan 12, 2015                                                            

 
Well it's been almost two months since we lost our beloved Lily, my heart is full of sorrow, but also filled with the love and joy she shared with everyone she met, as I sit here at my desk deciding how to mark the gravestone of such a loving, caring, remarkable woman, my eyes well up with tears, I know she is with our Holy Father, as well as my own Father, and all the dearly departed friends and relatives who have gone before her. The tears have passed for now, as I smile a bit thinking of my  Dad's out reached hand meeting Lily at the Gate, I can see the smile on their faces. Enjoy your reunion Mom & Dad, I know from my Faith, I will see you again in the Kingdom of God. Till then look after us All. I love you unconditionally.    Patrick  J.                                                                    





Michael O'Donnell
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 30, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    We are so sorry to hear about Aunt Lily.  I will always remember how beautify, tender and kind she was.  How we loved to go to Flourtown to see Uncle Joe and Aunt Lily and the great time we O'Donnells all had with the Flourtown O'Donnells.  I remember the warm and cozy house with the fireplace that Uncle Joe built, Lily's incredible potato salad and the laughs and the fun!  My mom Dory loved  Joe and Lily and also sends her love and condolences. I am so sorry we didn't know of Lily's passing because we would have loved to seen everyone!  I know Uncle Joe is beaming now in heaven!  Love Michael, Kathleen, Megan and Kelsey O'Donnell                                                                    





Peggy Bocker 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 24, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                     W e  were so sad to hear that Lilly died.   We will never forget  how wonderful Lilly  was when we moved  to Grove Ave.  it was great  being close to all of the O D onnells and  great to know that your Dad and 'Mom are together again !   Take care of each other and God bless you all.    
                                         Love  Peggy and John Bocker  and family                                                                    





Msgr. McLoone
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 23, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    I write on behalf of the late Bridget Teresa McHugh McLoone 's family and offer our deepest sympathies on the death of your dear mother and grandmother. She was agood friend of our mother. Our mother passed away on Septmeber 10th.  I am sure they are catching up in heaven with all of the old gand.  May she rest in peace!  
Msgr. Joe McLoone
St Joseph Parish Downingtown                                                                    





Peg Mahon
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
I met Lily in 1952 when we both worked at the Nabisco plant on Lehigh avenue, packing cookies like Chips A Hoy and Oreos. We both had emigrated from Ireland and formed a great friendship. Before we both got married, we used to go to dances at the Immaculate Conception church in Germantown. Once we had families, Lily was a great friend and encourager, always available to help without being asked! I will miss her!                                                                    





Margaret gleeson 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
I write this earlier and lit the candle but it's disappeared.   I agree Cathy.  GreAt we can do this.   Do u rem the sweet potato for dinner. It was huge the size of a turnip  we laughed so much we could nt peel it !! And later the trip to Teresa for dinner with rosemary Smyth ( I mean lily ) driving. And me in the back going " lily the lights"  but of course there was no problem.  She saw them.!! So many happy memories. I just wish I could be there. R I P lots of love Margaret x                                                                    





Marian Burke
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    Lovely words Cathy. That was 1972 and Mammy and  Lily had  not seen each other since 1949. That bond was formed because Mammy  spoke so much about Lily, not to mention the letters and the "Parcels"! I had the privilege of visiting their beautiful home many times and tasting her famous "Meat Balls". Wonderful memories of a wonderful woman.
May you rest in Peace Lily. Loving wishes  Marian xx







                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 






Margaret 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
Beautifully put Cathy.  May she rest in peace ðŸ'- x rem our visit and the fun we had.  The sweet potato the size of a turnip and not to mention " lily the lights " when we were driving over to Teresa.                                                                      





Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            





 
                                                                    Wonderful memories for Mags and I with our beautiful Auntie Lily xx                                                                    





Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            



 






Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    Although Lily lived in America and we did not get to see each other on a regular basis, I always felt a special bond between us.  I remember as a young child all my cousins visiting from the U.S And the sleep over's in the caravan. Lily would always tell the story how I kept every one awake talking, I was so excited. â˜ºï¸
I loved to call her and have great chats and I will cherish those memories. I love you and will miss you,
Your niece Cathy x                                                                    



 



Videos


There are no videos to display


Photos

                                            Add a photo
                                        




 




Visitation





                                            Nov                                        



                                            25                                        


                                                Tuesday                                            







                                        St. Genevieve Church                                    

                                            1225 Bethlehem PikeFlourtown, Pennsylvania 19031                                            


                                        8:30 AM - 10:00 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Visitation


















Service





                                            Nov                                        



                                            25                                        


                                                Tuesday                                            







                                        St. Genevieve Church                                    

                                            1225 Bethlehem PikeFlourtown, Pennsylvania 19031                                            


                                        10:00 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Service
























 





Have a floral question? Call +1 888 455 4590 







0 Item(s) - $0.00








Categories

















Home





Product Listing





Product Details





Cart



                                                            Sort By:
                                                        


Default
Name (A - Z)
Name (Z - A)
Price (Low > High)
                                                                
Price (High > Low)
                                                                












Healing Registry Unavailable at the Moment!



                                                    Displaying page 1 of 1, products 1
                                                    to  of 1









Loading...







Product Name

                                                            Description
                                                        

                                                            $0




-

+





Add to Cart














Your Shopping Cart is Empty



Select a
                                                        recipient






Jane Doe
×




What's your email address?





What Would You Like Written on the
                                                            Card?





Choose a Delivery Date








*
                                                                Note: Delivery is only available
                                                                    on highlighted dates for flowers ONLY. Sunday
                                                                    delivery will not be
                                                                    available on all flower purchases.
                                                                




Where Would You Like To Deliver
                                                            To

 
                                                            Visitation/Service

 
                                                            Other























Select a StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 













 Proceed to Checkout
                                                    
Keep Shopping
                                                    


















No obituaries found



No thanks. Go back to cart.




Product Details





Loading...







Product Name

                                        Description
                                    
$0



Add to Cart


                                        View Cart 0











Iframe toggler




                                                            Find Us On Facebook                                                        

Join Now







                                                            Free Grief Support                                                        

Sign Up







                                                            Plan Your Future                                                        

Start Now
















Check-in to
                        Ellen's service!
                    

Add
                            Ellen's service to
                            calendar













Sign in to add your memory








Let the family know who you are using one of the
                                        quick sign-in options below.












Sign in
                                        
Just for verification: we never spam!



                                    OR
                                



We will never post without permission
















Share Photo/Memorial Tributes








The attached photos are added to the memorial of
                                        Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell to help share their legacy.




















                                                Attach Photos
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.




















Add to Your Calendar








Just enter your email below and we'll send you a
                                        calendar reminder
                                    















                                                Send me the reminder
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obit Checkin








Please help memorize
                                        Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell by recording your attendance below. 





















                                                Check-in
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obituary Notifications








We will notify
                                        you soon. 















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                            


Get Notified
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












                                        Grief Support
                                    















                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Get Updates - tribute notifications









                                        You will receive an e-mail daily when a guest leaves a tribute on this obituary.
                                    














                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.







Thank you for sharing your memory
                                of Ellen


Help show your support by providing a gift of flowers and
                                spreading the word.




Gift of Flowers
Offer comfort and support to the
                                                family with beautiful flowers and spreads

Browse
                                                Flowers




Spread the Word
Help friends and acquaintances of
                                            Ellen                                            leave memories by sharing to Facebook


Share on Facebook





No thanks. Go back to obituary.





 












Everything from our first meeting, to the cemetery and certificates, thank you cards, flower arrangements, church and obituary were handled in a professional manner.  No pressure, no hype with compassion and complete attention to detail.










The Urban Family provides compassionate and professional guidance throughout the funeral planning, the services and for months to follow. Their attention to detail offers family and friends comfort in knowing nothing will be overlooked.  Our family greatly appreciates their kindness during our recent loss.










“Our family has been with Urban funeral Home for close to 30 years. My Grandmother, Aunt, In laws and most recently Mom have had their funeral handled by Urban. My mother specifically requested Skip & Dolores handle her funeral. We were in good hands from beginning to end. Peter and Trudy are wonderful. My thanks to all the Urbans.”





See more
Submit a review














Top
















×


I wish to make a donation

$5 
$10 
$15 
$50 
$100 




or



$








 
 















































	Ellen Lily O'Donnell Online Obituary | Urban Funeral Home and Cremation Services    


























































 











 


Standing out in our community 




                                            (215) 646-8556                                        

Directions



























Obituary 


 






 




Please enable javascript!






                            Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell                            


                                October 27, 1924 - November 19, 2014                            

















                                                    Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell                                                    

Oct 27, 1924 - Nov 19, 2014 



















                                                                Get Updates                                                            


Share on Facebook                                                            


Send
                                                                    Flowers
                                                                



 Login to Family Portal



Confirmation
Grief
Tribute
                                            Notifications







Iframe toggler



                                                                Find Us On Facebook                                                            

Join Now







                                                                Free Grief Support                                                            

Sign Up







                                                                Plan Your Future                                                            

Start Now


























Show your support
Send Flowers







Comfort the family
Share a Memory













ObituaryObit

Tributes


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Services

Flowers
                                                                                                            0 









                                                Obituary
                                            

Tributes

Services


More 


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Flowers
                                                                                                                            0














                                            Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell

Legacy
Our Dear Mother Ellen E. "Lily" (nee McGovern) was born on October 27,1924 in County Cavan, Ireland. Seeking adventure, she set sail across the Atlantic at the age of 27 to America. Lily met the love of her life Patrick "Joe" O'Donnell in Philadelphia where they started their family. Dad built the family home some years later in Flourtown. Mom created many happy memories here especially on Holiday's. Her tireless dedication to all of us was immeasurable. She maintained a strong devotion to her Catholic faith to the end.

Family
Lily lost her beloved "Joe" in 1981. She leaves her loving children, Margaret O'Donnell, James (Phyllis) , Joseph (Julie), Teresa Albert (Don), Patrick (Nancy) and Ann Enright (Patrick).
Also her cherished grandchildren, Joseph Mangione, Krista Mares (Tanner), Daniel O'Donnell, Kevin O'Donnell, Brian O'Donnell, Grace Albert, Madeline Albert, Christopher O'Donnell, Erin O'Donnell, and Lily Enright and her beloved great grandchildren., Indiana and Jack Mares.
She is survived by several in-laws, and many devoted nephews and nieces here and in Ireland.
Farewell
Friends and family can gather at St. Genevieve's church in Flourtown on Tuesday, November 25, 2014 from 8:30 am to 10:00 am, where Mass will be held sharply at 10:00 am. Interment will follow at Holy Sepulchre cemetery.
In honor of our Irish Lass, wear something green. In Lieu of flowers donations to Saint Genevieve School 1237 Bethlehem Pike Flourtown, PA 19031 would be appreciated by the family.
Thank you everyone from the O'Donnell Family for all your thoughts and prayers.                                        





                                            Posting as Who are you posting
                                                as?










 


 













                                                    Post Tribute
                                                











Post Privately?










Patrick J. O'Donnell
                                                                on
                                                                Jan 12, 2015                                                            

 
Well it's been almost two months since we lost our beloved Lily, my heart is full of sorrow, but also filled with the love and joy she shared with everyone she met, as I sit here at my desk deciding how to mark the gravestone of such a loving, caring, remarkable woman, my eyes well up with tears, I know she is with our Holy Father, as well as my own Father, and all the dearly departed friends and relatives who have gone before her. The tears have passed for now, as I smile a bit thinking of my  Dad's out reached hand meeting Lily at the Gate, I can see the smile on their faces. Enjoy your reunion Mom & Dad, I know from my Faith, I will see you again in the Kingdom of God. Till then look after us All. I love you unconditionally.    Patrick  J.                                                                    





Michael O'Donnell
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 30, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    We are so sorry to hear about Aunt Lily.  I will always remember how beautify, tender and kind she was.  How we loved to go to Flourtown to see Uncle Joe and Aunt Lily and the great time we O'Donnells all had with the Flourtown O'Donnells.  I remember the warm and cozy house with the fireplace that Uncle Joe built, Lily's incredible potato salad and the laughs and the fun!  My mom Dory loved  Joe and Lily and also sends her love and condolences. I am so sorry we didn't know of Lily's passing because we would have loved to seen everyone!  I know Uncle Joe is beaming now in heaven!  Love Michael, Kathleen, Megan and Kelsey O'Donnell                                                                    





Peggy Bocker 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 24, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                     W e  were so sad to hear that Lilly died.   We will never forget  how wonderful Lilly  was when we moved  to Grove Ave.  it was great  being close to all of the O D onnells and  great to know that your Dad and 'Mom are together again !   Take care of each other and God bless you all.    
                                         Love  Peggy and John Bocker  and family                                                                    





Msgr. McLoone
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 23, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    I write on behalf of the late Bridget Teresa McHugh McLoone 's family and offer our deepest sympathies on the death of your dear mother and grandmother. She was agood friend of our mother. Our mother passed away on Septmeber 10th.  I am sure they are catching up in heaven with all of the old gand.  May she rest in peace!  
Msgr. Joe McLoone
St Joseph Parish Downingtown                                                                    





Peg Mahon
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
I met Lily in 1952 when we both worked at the Nabisco plant on Lehigh avenue, packing cookies like Chips A Hoy and Oreos. We both had emigrated from Ireland and formed a great friendship. Before we both got married, we used to go to dances at the Immaculate Conception church in Germantown. Once we had families, Lily was a great friend and encourager, always available to help without being asked! I will miss her!                                                                    





Margaret gleeson 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
I write this earlier and lit the candle but it's disappeared.   I agree Cathy.  GreAt we can do this.   Do u rem the sweet potato for dinner. It was huge the size of a turnip  we laughed so much we could nt peel it !! And later the trip to Teresa for dinner with rosemary Smyth ( I mean lily ) driving. And me in the back going " lily the lights"  but of course there was no problem.  She saw them.!! So many happy memories. I just wish I could be there. R I P lots of love Margaret x                                                                    





Marian Burke
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    Lovely words Cathy. That was 1972 and Mammy and  Lily had  not seen each other since 1949. That bond was formed because Mammy  spoke so much about Lily, not to mention the letters and the "Parcels"! I had the privilege of visiting their beautiful home many times and tasting her famous "Meat Balls". Wonderful memories of a wonderful woman.
May you rest in Peace Lily. Loving wishes  Marian xx







                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 






Margaret 
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
Beautifully put Cathy.  May she rest in peace ðŸ'- x rem our visit and the fun we had.  The sweet potato the size of a turnip and not to mention " lily the lights " when we were driving over to Teresa.                                                                      





Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            





 
                                                                    Wonderful memories for Mags and I with our beautiful Auntie Lily xx                                                                    





Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            



 






Cathy Neary
                                                                on
                                                                Nov 22, 2014                                                            

 
                                                                    Although Lily lived in America and we did not get to see each other on a regular basis, I always felt a special bond between us.  I remember as a young child all my cousins visiting from the U.S And the sleep over's in the caravan. Lily would always tell the story how I kept every one awake talking, I was so excited. â˜ºï¸
I loved to call her and have great chats and I will cherish those memories. I love you and will miss you,
Your niece Cathy x                                                                    



 



Videos


There are no videos to display


Photos

                                            Add a photo
                                        




 




Visitation





                                            Nov                                        



                                            25                                        


                                                Tuesday                                            







                                        St. Genevieve Church                                    

                                            1225 Bethlehem PikeFlourtown, Pennsylvania 19031                                            


                                        8:30 AM - 10:00 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Visitation


















Service





                                            Nov                                        



                                            25                                        


                                                Tuesday                                            







                                        St. Genevieve Church                                    

                                            1225 Bethlehem PikeFlourtown, Pennsylvania 19031                                            


                                        10:00 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Service
























 





Have a floral question? Call +1 888 455 4590 







0 Item(s) - $0.00








Categories

















Home





Product Listing





Product Details





Cart



                                                            Sort By:
                                                        


Default
Name (A - Z)
Name (Z - A)
Price (Low > High)
                                                                
Price (High > Low)
                                                                












Healing Registry Unavailable at the Moment!



                                                    Displaying page 1 of 1, products 1
                                                    to  of 1









Loading...







Product Name

                                                            Description
                                                        

                                                            $0




-

+





Add to Cart














Your Shopping Cart is Empty



Select a
                                                        recipient






Jane Doe
×




What's your email address?





What Would You Like Written on the
                                                            Card?





Choose a Delivery Date








*
                                                                Note: Delivery is only available
                                                                    on highlighted dates for flowers ONLY. Sunday
                                                                    delivery will not be
                                                                    available on all flower purchases.
                                                                




Where Would You Like To Deliver
                                                            To

 
                                                            Visitation/Service

 
                                                            Other























Select a StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 













 Proceed to Checkout
                                                    
Keep Shopping
                                                    


















No obituaries found



No thanks. Go back to cart.




Product Details





Loading...







Product Name

                                        Description
                                    
$0



Add to Cart


                                        View Cart 0











Iframe toggler




                                                            Find Us On Facebook                                                        

Join Now







                                                            Free Grief Support                                                        

Sign Up







                                                            Plan Your Future                                                        

Start Now
















Check-in to
                        Ellen's service!
                    

Add
                            Ellen's service to
                            calendar













Sign in to add your memory








Let the family know who you are using one of the
                                        quick sign-in options below.












Sign in
                                        
Just for verification: we never spam!



                                    OR
                                



We will never post without permission
















Share Photo/Memorial Tributes








The attached photos are added to the memorial of
                                        Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell to help share their legacy.




















                                                Attach Photos
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.




















Add to Your Calendar








Just enter your email below and we'll send you a
                                        calendar reminder
                                    















                                                Send me the reminder
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obit Checkin








Please help memorize
                                        Ellen "Lily" O'Donnell by recording your attendance below. 





















                                                Check-in
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obituary Notifications








We will notify
                                        you soon. 















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                            


Get Notified
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












                                        Grief Support
                                    















                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Get Updates - tribute notifications









                                        You will receive an e-mail daily when a guest leaves a tribute on this obituary.
                                    














                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.







Thank you for sharing your memory
                                of Ellen


Help show your support by providing a gift of flowers and
                                spreading the word.




Gift of Flowers
Offer comfort and support to the
                                                family with beautiful flowers and spreads

Browse
                                                Flowers




Spread the Word
Help friends and acquaintances of
                                            Ellen                                            leave memories by sharing to Facebook


Share on Facebook





No thanks. Go back to obituary.





 












Everything from our first meeting, to the cemetery and certificates, thank you cards, flower arrangements, church and obituary were handled in a professional manner.  No pressure, no hype with compassion and complete attention to detail.










The Urban Family provides compassionate and professional guidance throughout the funeral planning, the services and for months to follow. Their attention to detail offers family and friends comfort in knowing nothing will be overlooked.  Our family greatly appreciates their kindness during our recent loss.










“Our family has been with Urban funeral Home for close to 30 years. My Grandmother, Aunt, In laws and most recently Mom have had their funeral handled by Urban. My mother specifically requested Skip & Dolores handle her funeral. We were in good hands from beginning to end. Peter and Trudy are wonderful. My thanks to all the Urbans.”





See more
Submit a review














Top
















×


I wish to make a donation

$5 
$10 
$15 
$50 
$100 




or



$








 
 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















