















































































































































































  OPIX Stock Quote - Odyssey Pictures Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Odyssey Pictures Corp   OPIX:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   105.880    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change +0.91%     Industry Media   % Price Change +2.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Odyssey Pictures Corporation, an international film distribution company, creates and distributes feature films.  The Company integrates a range of entertainment, media, and digital businesses.    Address  2321 Coit RoadSuite EPlano, TX 75075United States   Phone  1-972-867-0055   Website   www.odysseypix.com     Executives Board Members    John W Foster  Chairman/President/CEO/CFO    Stefan Drakelid  Vice Chairman    Ralph Boral  Chief Operating Officer     Show More         







Odyssey Pictures Corp Reviews and Profile



































                                	no rating information is available for this company
                                Odyssey Pictures Corp
Odyssey Pictures Corp Reviews



							Holding companies and groups of companies                       	









Home


                    	Holding companies and groups of companies                   	

Odyssey Pictures Corp












Odyssey Pictures Corp

Address2321 Coit Road  Suite E 
CityDallas
StateTX
Zip/Postal Code75248
Websitewww.odysseypix.com


                                    Is this your company? 
Click Here to Claim Ownership of Company and Manage Company Profile


Post a Review
File a Dispute


Share This Page












Description

                                        British Sky Broadcasting Group plc, with its subsidiaries, operates a pay-television broadcasting service in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. The Company derives revenues from television broadcasting services and certain ancillary functions that are provided to both retail and wholesale customers. Sky operates and distributes 26 wholly owned channels (Sky's Channels) and retails a further 96 third-party channels to direct-to-home (Dth) viewers via its digital service. In addition, the Company operates the Sky Box Office service (Sbo), which provides pay-per-view services covering films, sporting events and concerts.
Odyssey Pictures Corporationoration engages primarily in the international distribution of motion pictures. Its foreign distribution of films involves two principal activities, which include the acquisition of rights from the licensor or the seller, usually the producer or writer of the film; and the licensing of the distribution rights to subdistributors in their respective markets.
					                                    


Review Odyssey Pictures Corp






Your name:



Email Address: *we do not share this information



Phone Number: *we do not share this information



How would you rate this company?

No Rating Selected
5 Stars - Excellent Experience
4 Stars - Good Experience
3 Stars - Satisfactory Experience
2 Stars - Bad Experience
1 Stars - Very Bad Experience



Provide a description of your experience with the company:




Prove you are human. Select the word "Cow" from the list below.


Dog
Cat
Cow
Monkey






I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions of this website



I have read and agree to the Posting Rules of this website



I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy of this website


Submit Review






















Invalid email/password. Please try again.

Forgot Password?

Submit



















I Agree to the 
                                
Terms & Conditions & 
                                    Privacy Policy






Register



















Stefan Drakelid, Odyssey Pictures Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Stefan Drakelid

Vice Chairman,
Odyssey Pictures Corp






Career History




Vice Chairman
Odyssey Pictures Corp, 6/2010-PRESENT


Principal
Future Vision Consulting SA, PRESENT


Founder
Tno Group, PRESENT


Founder
Siguiente Capital, PRESENT


Advisor
Siguiente Capital AB, PRESENT


Show More









Website:
www.odysseypix.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2321 Coit Road
Suite E
Plano, TX 75075
United States


Phone:
1-972-867-0055


Fax:
1-972-867-0034


Web url:
www.odysseypix.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Lund University
LLM








Memberships



Board Memberships




Odyssey Pictures Corp


Vice Chairman, 6/2010-PRESENT




Odyssey Pictures Corp


Board Member, 2007-6/2010









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Odyssey Pictures Corp - DALLAS, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



DALLAS



Motion Picture and Tape Distribution



Motion Picture And Tape Distribution



                            Odyssey Pictures Corp
                                    



 





















O 


Odyssey Pictures Corp
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



16910 DALLAS PKWY STE 104 DALLAS, TX 75248
Get Directions



(972) 818-7990





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Motion Picture And Tape Distribution
 Contacts John Foster







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Odyssey Pictures Corp has been providing Motion Picture And Tape Distribution from Dallas. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



































 



 Odyssey Pictures Corp. Appoints Two New Board Members 
         










    










 






 











 









Odyssey Pictures Corp. Appoints Two New Board Members

		  Ralph Boral and Henrik Ljung Join Odyssey's Board of Directors
		

Apr 17, 2012, 09:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Odyssey Pictures Corporation 











 
















































 

 




















 


DALLAS, April 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Odyssey Pictures Corporation (OTCQB: OPIX) (Odyssey), a publicly traded media and entertainment company, announces it has recently appointed two new members to its board of directors; Ralph Boral and Henrik Ljung.  Mr. Ljung replaces Dan Persson, who has retired from the board.
Ralph Boral has a deep background of senior media and entertainment industry experience in both production and finance.
He was Director of Finance and Producer of Special Events for NBC News Channel from 1988 to 1989.   He then took over the affiliate feed service for Fox News, where he produced numerous feature segments and a news series for affiliate stations.  He later joined The Film Foundry, a production studio, where he oversaw budgets and negotiated rights and distribution deals.  He eventually took over operations of GlueWorks Animation, The Film Foundry's animation division.  Mr. Boral now serves as Odyssey's Chief Operating Officer and Executive in Charge of Production.  He is the producer of Odyssey's current animated feature film project "Hank the Cowdog."
Henrik Ljung brings extensive experience in media, finance and marketing to the board.  He is founding partner of Ampezzo Partners LLP, a private equity fund specializing in growth stage online media and marketing businesses.   From 2008 to 2011 Ljung was CEO of Siguiente Capital AB, a small venture capital investment firm focused on IT and telecom innovation.  From 2005 through 2008, he was head analyst online investments for that firm.    Mr. Ljung has a Masters degree in Management from University of St. Andrews (UK).  He has studied at the Lubin School of Business and the Universite de la Sorbonne.
 "Ralph and Henrik are vital new additions to our board at a time when the company is moving to the next level of our business plan," remarked Odyssey's CEO John Foster.  "We are already benefiting greatly from their collective expertise in production and finance." 
About Odyssey Pictures Corporation - Initially an entertainment company focusing on financing and distribution of first run feature films, Odyssey has adapted its business model to become a diversified media/marketing services company.  The company's lines of business now encompass producer's representation, branding & marketing and IPTV digital delivery technologies.  Odyssey's Producer's Representative Service provides an extensive suite of sales and marketing services to independent filmmakers seeking to gain traction in the international distribution and rights markets.  These services include international sales, contract negotiation, marketing materials, strategic planning and completion financing. http://odysseypix.com/
Forward-Looking Statements - Certain statements contained herein are forward looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results to differ significantly from these statements, including our history of operating losses, our need for additional financing, a failure of our products to perform as expected, introduction of competing products by other companies, pressure on prices from competitors and/or customers, regulatory obstacles to new product introductions, lack of acceptance of our products, and technology changes.  These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are detailed in documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. Any forward-looking statements are made as of the date of the document in which they appear. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the company.  
Media & investor contact for Odyssey: Dan Spelling at Spelling Communications310/838-4140 dspelling@spellcom.com
 SOURCE  Odyssey Pictures Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://odysseypix.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 18, 2012, 03:00 ET
Preview: Odyssey Pictures Partners With IndiePIX













Oct 19, 2011, 08:45 ET
Preview: Odyssey Acquires Rights to "Hank the Cowdog"






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



Odyssey Pictures Corp. Interview Questions | MockQuestions


























							Home
						










							Career Interview Questions
						










							Interview Topics
						










							Upgrade
						










							Login
						









						Close
					













   Sign in




   Upgrade








						Top 25						Odyssey Pictures Corp. Interview Questions
			





1. In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?





					Professional Answer
				
















   Upgrade to view answers
					









							
								Next Interview Question   












			List of Odyssey Pictures Corp. Interview Questions
		











In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?
Of all the media solutions we provide at Odyssey Pictures Corp., which do you know the best?
Walk me through your experience in the television and/or radio industry.
What are your 3 favorite forms of entertainment? 
What do you know about Odyssey Pictures Corp. and our biggest achievements in media? 
What are your career goals in the next 3-5 years and how do you feel Odyssey Pictures Corp. can help you to achieve these goals? 
The media industry is fast moving and ever-changing. How do you stay on top of changes and trends? 
What are your thoughts on the way the media is rated for the public (IE: PG, 14A, NR, Mature)?
In your opinion, what is the future of local radio? 
How do you think that online media has changed traditional print and broadcast media approaches in the past 10 years? 
Market research is important to Odyssey Pictures Corp. in order to help us understand where to take our business in the years to come. Rate your research skills from 1-10. Do you enjoy conducting research? 
Do you prefer to be behind the scenes or in the limelight? 
What is your favorite publication, and why?
Do you feel performance should be rewarded over experience?
What are your salary expectations?
Tell me about an organization or group outside of work that you contributed to.
What accomplishment do you believe was the most difficult for you to achieve?
Tell me about a time when you made a suggestion requesting change in an organization.
When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?
The media industry is all about communication. At Odyssey Pictures Corp., strong communication is at the forefront of what we do. How would you describe your communication skills? Rate your communication skills from 1-10.
Tell me about your experiences giving presentations in front of large groups. 
Tell me about an error or mistake you made because of a breakdown in communication from you or one of your team members.
What do you know about our company culture?
What work situations excite and motivate you?
When have you created a new product or service?
Outside of work, what type of creative activities do you like to pursue?
How often do you take work home with you?
How do you determine priorities when you have multiple projects due?
What are your three favorite tv shows right now?
What is your approach to managing important projects?








				Professional answers by:
			







		
				Rachelle Enns				
				Recruiter				
 rachelle_enns &nbsp		

			










Odyssey Pictures Corp. User Submitted Interview Answers				






Question 
1 of 30




								In your opinion, what is the most influential form of media today?							



  
								










Question 
2 of 30




								Of all the media solutions we provide at Odyssey Pictures Corp., which do you know the best?							



  
								










Question 
3 of 30




								Walk me through your experience in the television and/or radio industry.							



  
								










Question 
4 of 30




								What are your 3 favorite forms of entertainment? 							



  
								










Question 
5 of 30




								What do you know about Odyssey Pictures Corp. and our biggest achievements in media? 							



  
								


















Question 
6 of 30




								What are your career goals in the next 3-5 years and how do you feel Odyssey Pictures Corp. can help you to achieve these goals? 							



  
								










Question 
7 of 30




								The media industry is fast moving and ever-changing. How do you stay on top of changes and trends? 							



  
								










Question 
8 of 30




								What are your thoughts on the way the media is rated for the public (IE: PG, 14A, NR, Mature)?							



  
								


















Question 
9 of 30




								In your opinion, what is the future of local radio? 							



  
								










Question 
10 of 30




								How do you think that online media has changed traditional print and broadcast media approaches in the past 10 years? 							



  
								










Question 
11 of 30




								Market research is important to Odyssey Pictures Corp. in order to help us understand where to take our business in the years to come. Rate your research skills from 1-10. Do you enjoy conducting research? 							



  
								


















Question 
12 of 30




								Do you prefer to be behind the scenes or in the limelight? 							



  
								










Question 
13 of 30




								What is your favorite publication, and why?							



  
								










Question 
14 of 30




								Do you feel performance should be rewarded over experience?							



  
								










Question 
15 of 30




								What are your salary expectations?							



  
								










Question 
16 of 30




								Tell me about an organization or group outside of work that you contributed to.							



  
								










Question 
17 of 30




								What accomplishment do you believe was the most difficult for you to achieve?							



  
								










Question 
18 of 30




								Tell me about a time when you made a suggestion requesting change in an organization.							



  
								










Question 
19 of 30




								When you suffer a setback, how does that emotionally affect you and your work?							



  
								










Question 
20 of 30




								The media industry is all about communication. At Odyssey Pictures Corp., strong communication is at the forefront of what we do. How would you describe your communication skills? Rate your communication skills from 1-10.							



  
								










Question 
21 of 30




								Tell me about your experiences giving presentations in front of large groups. 							



  
								










Question 
22 of 30




								Tell me about an error or mistake you made because of a breakdown in communication from you or one of your team members.							



  
								










Question 
23 of 30




								What do you know about our company culture?							



  
								










Question 
24 of 30




								What work situations excite and motivate you?							



  
								










Question 
25 of 30




								When have you created a new product or service?							



  
								










Question 
26 of 30




								Outside of work, what type of creative activities do you like to pursue?							



  
								










Question 
27 of 30




								How often do you take work home with you?							



  
								










Question 
28 of 30




								How do you determine priorities when you have multiple projects due?							



  
								










Question 
29 of 30




								What are your three favorite tv shows right now?							



  
								










Question 
30 of 30




								What is your approach to managing important projects?							



  
								













Odyssey Pictures Corp. to Exhibit at Cannes Film Market  




























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Odyssey Pictures Corp. to Exhibit at Cannes Film Market 



Share Article

















Odyssey and Siguiente Capital Team Up at Cannes







We are excited about our increased presence at Cannes this year.


Past News ReleasesRSS

Odyssey Pictures Corp. Sponsors...






Plano, TX (Vocus)
May 15, 2010
 Odyssey Pictures Corporation (OPIX: OTCQB) (Odyssey), a media/marketing company, announces it will be exhibiting at the Cannes Film Market at this year’s Cannes Film Festival (Festival de Cannes, May 12 – 23) in conjunction with the company’s strategic financial advisor, Siguiente Capital (Siguiente).  Siguiente is a European-based venture capital firm with a focus on emerging media and online marketing technologies. Odyssey has had a close business relationship with Siguiente since 2008, which has led to Siguiente becoming a significant financial resource for Odyssey.  
Odyssey will be exhibiting at two locations: Palais Niveau 01 – 24.11. at the Palais des Festivals, which is the center of the Film Market and the main screening area for the Film Festival, as well as at Riviera H.14, a large and well appointed ‘Producer’s Booth’ the company is co-hosting with strategic partner Veland Films to provide a forum for film producers to present international co-production projects.
Odyssey will be actively looking to make content acquisitions and licensing deals to add to Odyssey’s growing library of children’s and general interest programming. Siguiente will be working closely with Odyssey to review and analyze specific terms regarding any potential involvement by Odyssey in co-production and international licensing and rights acquisition deals.
“We are excited about our increased presence at Cannes this year,” states Odyssey’s President/CEO John Foster. “In addition to taking booths, we will be fully staffed and plan to be very active in the buying and selling of content rights.  Siguiente’s financial counsel will be very helpful in that respect”
About Odyssey - Odyssey Pictures Corporation was founded in 1989 as a publicly traded entertainment company specializing in the financing and distribution of motion pictures. Texas based Odyssey has re-strategized over the past two years and adopted a more diversified business model including branding and marketing services targeting key clients in e-commerce, search engine positioning and online lead generation. The company is also engaged in content acquisition, multi-platform distribution, new media technology and corporate finance. 
About Siguiente Capital - Siguiente Capital accelerates enterprises by allocating effective and powerful Corporate Finance and Structuring services.  Based in Stockholm, Sweden, the firm’s investment scope is predominantly focused on Europe and North America, but with advances being made in Asia as well.  Most of Siguiente’s clients are in a change-intensive stage mainly operating in growth sectors such as IT, E-Commerce and Telecom.  As the name implies, Siguiente supports ventures and individuals that are creating the next significant technologies and businesses.
About the Cannes Film Market (Marché du Film) - The Marché du Film is an international crossroads for the cinema industry. As a major meeting place for professionals, each year the Marché du Film gathers buyers, distributors and producers for ten days dedicated to meetings and negotiations. This unique international event allows all professionals to develop their projects, present their latest news, establish partnerships and co-productions.
Forward Looking Statements - Certain statements contained herein are forward looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results to differ significantly from these statements, including our history of operating losses, our need for additional financing, a failure of our products to perform as expected, introduction of competing products by other companies, pressures on prices from competitors and/or customers, regulatory obstacles to new product introductions, lack of acceptance of our products and technology changes. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are detailed in documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. Any forward-looking statements are made as of the date of the document in which they appear. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the company.  
Media and Investor relations contact: Dan Spelling at Spelling Communications
213/415-7400
###



Share article on socal media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Dan Spelling
 213-415-7400  
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center



需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Odyssey Pictures Corporation 2321 Coit Rd Plano, TX  - MapQuest







































































































    Odyssey Pictures Corporation
  

2321 Coit Rd

Plano
TX
75075




 Reviews



(972) 867-0055

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















