





High-Impact & Engaging Offline Media | Home Team Marketing














































 






 
























  










				offline media			








				A different kind of media.			



This is not offline media as you think of it today. It’s not just signage or print ads, it’s connecting and building your Brand where your target is engaged and receptive. And it’s authentic, never forced.



























  branding			




 








				Customizable, high impact branding where your consumers are looking and participating.			



Want dominant brand messaging where a high volume of your target consumers are present? Look no further than our proprietary high school platform. Here you can showcase your Brand and drive to a community location (if desired), all at the same time.





















Branded field level signage, close to the action, gets noticed throughout events













Branded PA announcements capture the audience’s attention at breaks in the action













In-school branded banners and posters in high traffic areas, (main office, counseling center, gym and cafeteria) reach high numbers of teens













Branded print ads & inserts in game programs or distributed as flyers get 1/1 attention













Branded “beauty books” can feature anything from recipes and coupons to service benefits













Branded keeper pieces, like annual “home game” schedule magnets that are 1/1 distributed













Branded feather flags and goal posts













Branded field or floor decals





























  promotions & incentives			




 








				Drive engagement and traffic through promotions.			



Drive consumer activity and engagement through creative promotions and valuable incentives. Sweepstakes and contests offer a campaign overlay that enables Brands to excite different consumer segments.





















Coupon distribution via school “keeper piece” (e.g., the annual football schedule)













QR codes and mobile tie-ins incent engagement and allow data capture for re-contact













Text-to-win promotions keep consumers engaged for a longer period of time













Contests & sweepstakes can drive engagement of parents and teens













Distribution of branded promotional cards at events call further attention to active contests





























  events & experiences			




 








				Bring your Brand to life on-site, throughout our network.			



Your Brand in their hands – what could be more powerful? Give your consumer a chance to have a one-on-one experience with your Brand… with live ambassadors and sampling opportunities.





















Tented, customized areas, cleverly positioned across the campus or at a game event













Mobile kiosks provide flexibility to “hit” many consumer locations on the campus













Unique new product trial & consumer engagement opportunities













Capture critical data in real time to enable re-contact of key consumers













Games & contests on-site, really drive booth traffic





























   sampling			




 








				Sample your product with the right audience at the right time.			



Our sampling opportunities are unique and customizable. We give your Brand the chance to reach the community with ambassadors of your choosing (e.g., local store or agent) or ones that we secure on your behalf (e.g., PTA groups). This type of consumer engagement is completely authentic and is completely turnkey. We can take care of everything.





















Local focus, national reach – let consumers actually taste to encourage store traffic & sales













Concession stand integration – let consumers try your product during the game













Add coupons and offers to your sampling effort for that extra push to retail 













Integrate your Brand’s mascot with your sampling efforts













Nothing works as hard as a 1/1 touch













Greet fans prior to the game (or first period) to build excitement





























   public relations			




 








				Reach out to the community and be recognized.			



Maximize the impact of your contributions to the community. On-field presentations, where your Brand can present your “sponsorship dollars,” generate enormous goodwill with high school parents, teens, administrators and the community at large.
Brand sponsors have helped us to be on track to raise almost $50MM for local schools by the end of 2016.
















Check presentations at high attended events in the local community put your Brand front-&-center













School donations are often promoted via school social channels













Contributions are also sometimes picked up by local papers, resulting in free media














  










				Check out our other media options:			




Media Platforms | Online Media | Special 

























Why 
 the problem
 our solution
 our impact


Who 
 leadership
 values

Contact 
contact us
join our team


Media Options 
media platforms
offline media
online media
special

Media Platforms 
proprietary school network
higher education platform
co-op marketing platform
multicultural plaform
strategy & analytics

 HTM Blog

Audiences 
 families
 moms
 teens
 multicultural
 sports fans


Success 
how we workexperience
case studies
client tenure

 For Schools


Follow UsSearch


 Watch Our Video 






Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2017 | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Call us toll free at (866) 810-2111




















 
 



Offline Media Inc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 1:49 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Offline Media Inc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Offline Media Inc, develops an online platform where users can discover people, places, things to do through group events, and how to spend their money and time. It also leverages users LinkedIn profile to create an event platform for professionals. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Raleigh, North Carolina with additional offices in Nashville, Tennessee.


310 South Harrington StreetRaleigh, NC 27603United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 919-526-1058

www.get-offline.com







Key Executives for Offline Media Inc




Mr. David Shaner


      	Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder
      








Mr. David Brower


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Taylor Smith


      	COO & Head of Product
      








Ms. Kelsey Van Dyke


      	Head of Content
      








Ms. Stephanie Slade Stone


      	Chief Revenue Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      August 31, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Offline Media Inc, please visit www.get-offline.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close










































Offline



























Avoid Average Weekends
Instant access to the best events and experiences in Raleigh, curated daily.








Curated lists every week




From Almost Free to Fancy: 8 Dates at Any Price Point in Five Points

        101 Bookmarks • 2.1K Views
      



          Sponsored by our partner
          Coldwell Banker Advantage









7 Dates That Won't Break The Bank

        575 Bookmarks • 6.0K Views
      



          Sponsored by our partner
          Diamonds Direct









30 Triangle Must-Dos in 30 Days

        1.6K Bookmarks • 5.1K Views
      



          Created in partnership with
          Work in the Triangle









6 Hidden Gems in Five Points

        241 Bookmarks • 5.7K Views
      



          Sponsored by our partner
          Coldwell Banker Advantage








View More Lists
 


What's trending in Raleigh
      




Trending
+49 bookmarks



Multiple Day Event
Shop the Urban Vintage Market


-
All Saints Chapel
Raleigh
Sat July 29 –         Sat July 29















Happening Tomorrow




Salute the Sun at Larry's Coffee's Sunrise Yoga Class


$12
Neuse River Brewing Company
Raleigh
Fri July 28, 7:00a















Just Announced




Toast to Two Years at Neuse River Brewing Company


Free
Neuse River Brewing Company
Raleigh
Sun July 30, 12:00p















Just Announced




Celebrate a Decade of The Cupcake Shoppe


Free
Cupcake Shoppe
Raleigh
Thu July 27, 10:00a















Popular Last Week
494 checkoffs



Explore the Videri Chocolate Factory


Free
Videri Chocolate Factory
Raleigh
















Trending
+326 bookmarks



Get Outdoors and Explore the Neuse River Trail


Free
Neuse River Trail
Raleigh
















Just Announced




Watch Coffee Magic at the Latte Art Throwdown


Free
Sir Walter Coffee
Raleigh
Thu July 27, 7:30p















Just Announced




Learn About the Latest at Science Cafe


Free
North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences
Raleigh
Thu July 27, 7:00p















Just Announced




Compete for a Cause at The Most Amazing Race


$300
Raleigh
Raleigh
Sat August 26, 10:00a














View More Experiences
 


Categories to suit your mood
      





Date Ideas






Food






Active & Outdoor






Drink






Trending






Dog Lovers




View More Categories
 


 An active community of thousands
      










Alison Salemo

 









Julia Brown

 









Alicia Barry

 









Christen Sellier

 









Christen Sellier

 









Susannah Mofield Palmer

 


See More Community
 





Get Offline
Over 35,000 are using Raleigh's #1 app. Are you?



Don't have an iPhone?
Sign up now for our weekly emails!





Connect with Facebook
We will never post to Facbook without your permission

Sign up with Email
Already have an account? Log in














 
Switch to sign up with
    Facebook

Already have an account? Log in



Connect with Facebook





Forgot your password?

 Don't have an account? Sign up.







 Nevermind, I remember it now. Login!



    Share this experience with a friend!
  


Copy Link
Copied!

Share via Email

                              Share on Facebook
  



















Offline Marketing | What is Offline Marketing?
















































Offline Marketing
Explore the Strategy of Offline Marketing

While the  Internet’s impact on marketing is undeniable, it may be exaggerated. According to Internet World Stats, 78 percent of the population in the U.S is online and 73 percent access Facebook at least once a month. That still leaves nearly 70 million Americans who can’t be reached through online marketing efforts. 
And while  92 percent of Americans are aware of Twitter, only 8 percent actually use it. This creates a world of opportunities for advertisers to reach out through offline media channels.

Offline Marketing Contents
In this article...
What is Offline Marketing?
Who Employs Offline Marketing?
How is an Offline Marketing Plan Developed and Employed?
What Types of Careers Work With Offline Marketing Strategies?
How Can a Marketing School Help You Succeed in a Company Who Uses This Type of Marketing Strategy?

Even though the arrival of the Internet appeared to be the end for print-based and other “dated” mediums, marketing campaigns using offline channels are still a fundamental aspect of many company’s marketing mixes.  In fact, according to a recent study conducted by Google in partnership with Ipsos MediCT, traditional offline media such as TV, radio, and print still plays a leading role in online searches for products and services


What is Offline Marketing?
Given the Internet’s tremendous rise in popularity, today’s marketers refer to other media channels that aren’t connected to the World Wide Web as “offline.” Offline marketing strategies utilize offline media channels to create awareness of a company’s products and services. These campaigns can include radio and print advertising – including billboards, signs and pamphlets – telemarketing, and television ads. (See also Outdoor Marketing)




'Occasionally Perfect' Offline Marketing
The most perfunctory medium in an offline marketing campaign is normally the billboard. Even with the most creative marketing strategy behind it, a billboard is almost always just a much larger version of a print advertisement. But in one of the more creative offline initiatives, Heineken transformed one into a surprise concert performance tied to social media. 
The beer company’s “Occasionally Perfect” campaign began with a simple billboard in Manhattan that, for one night, became the stage for the band TV on the Radio. The billboard will be appearing in other cities across the U.S. where it will host similar performances. To find out the details on where the billboard is going to be and its next performance, users have to follow the #occasionallyperfect hashtag on Twitter.

Since it’s almost a prerequisite for any business today to have its own website, offline marketing strategies are now frequently tied to company’s online efforts. For example, companies such as Ford have created print ads that include sparse information about new vehicles with predominant urls and references to Facebook or iPhones. 

Who Employs Offline Marketing?
Companies large and small  use offline media channels to build buzz about  products or services. The strategies can be applied by companies of any size, from mom-and-pop storefronts in small communities to some of the largest and most renowned brands in the world. The companies developing offline marketing strategies fit a number of profiles, including:
“Mom and Pop” Businesses – Smaller operations that want to establish a name or foothold in a local community. Businesses such as family restaurants, local salons and boutiques, or independent photography studios can use ads in community newspapers or small, targeted direct mail pieces to establish themselves in the limited area they serve.
Regional and Mid-Sized Businesses – Companies with large customer bases that need to reach customers in a metropolitan area or geographic region. Construction companies, automotive dealers, and grocery store chains are among those businesses that can build familiarity with customers through traditional advertising means. Billboards, regional television commercials and radio spots can spread the word about a company and build its credibility.
Major National/International Companies – Large corporations with recognizable names and brand characteristics. Target, Applebee’s, Kohl’s, GoDaddy, Budweiser, Dick’s Sporting Goods – these are just a few of the major corporations that keep a regular presence in national marketing campaigns involving offline media channels. Each of these company’s campaigns features high frequency placement and a focus on brand awareness.

How is an Offline Marketing Plan Developed and Employed?
Offline marketing strategies tend to be more expensive than online ones, requiring businesses to develop all-encompassing plans before implementing campaigns. Typically, a company must first decide exactly who they are trying to reach – the target demographic for either new or existing services – and then determine what media channels can be used to reach them.
 Market research data can be purchased to bring companies up to speed on the media consumption habits of their target audience. If potential customers tend to read certain magazines, then marketers can strategically place ads in those publications. These ads typically feature consistent messaging about the company as well as brand imagery – the same slogans and logos are used to build familiarity with potential customers. 
Recently, offline marketing and online marketing strategies are more frequently  used in collaboration with one another.  Many companies treat their websites as the central portals of their marketing efforts. Most consumers who want to know more about a company’s products or services will at some point visit the website for information, and contact details. The principle theme between the offline and online marketing partnership is to make the company’s website better known. (See also Integrated Marketing)
For example, if a national electronics store is hosting a sale in honor of an important anniversary, the company’s intent is to attract the attention of customers to come into the store and take advantage of celebration sales.  If the store limits itself to only showcasing this information on their website and no other methods to publicize the event, the company is limiting the number of potential sales. 
Instead, the store might advertise the anniversary sale in newspapers and other offline mediums that also include information about the store's website. These offline ads can feature tracking URL’s, landing pages or QR codes. By using these options, the store can analyze where its audience is coming from, who they are, and how many have responded to the call to action for the anniversary event. 
Offline Marketing Strategies
Behind the ad campaigns and creative promotional materials, the basic intention of any offline marketing strategy is to increase online traffic, overall sales, and profits. There are various strategies companies can employ to achieve these results, including:
Direct Mail – “Snail mail,” as it’s commonly referred to, is one of the most commonly used mediums in offline marketing campaigns. Marketers can purchase mailing lists based on demographic data that include people most likely to purchase their products. For example, an online pet food store may order lists of people who purchase pet supplies or medicines online. 
Discount Pricing – Another way to drive customers directly to a company’s website is to offer coupons online. Department stores, grocery stores and countless other companies frequently advertise sales of their products and services in local newspapers and advertising inserts. Rather than including coupons in the newspaper, these ads can instruct customers to print their coupons from the company’s website. If they want a discount, they have to make a stop online.
Loyalty Programs – To build repeat customers, companies of all sizes often rely on offline loyalty programs. These programs encourage customers to patronize businesses more frequently. For example, a sandwich shop may reward customers with a free sandwich on their tenth visit. Or a professional baseball team might offer a free stadium tour to fans that purchase ticket to 10 or more home games. 





What Types of Careers Work With Offline Marketing Strategies?

Despite the explosive growth of the Internet, careers involving offline marketing will be available for the foreseeable future. Marketing companies – or other businesses with internal marketing and communications teams – will need employees at all levels who understand how to leverage the beneficial aspects of offline marketing mediums.
Marketing Manager
Similar to managers in other industries, a marketing manager must be well versed in general management skills. Their responsibilities will include managing staff, coordinating work schedules, and controlling the workflow of projects facing their team. This individual will be expected to be familiar with offline marketing strategies and suggest helpful ideas in brainstorming sessions with colleagues.
Education/Experience
Salaries in Offline Marketing
Marketing Manager:
                                              Entry Level Salary:  $62,836
                                              Median Salary:  $86,5921
                                              Top Salary:  $115,621
Marketing Communications Director:
                                              Entry Level Salary:  $77,749
                                              Median Salary:  $105,477
                                              Top Salary:  $133,343
Marketing Research Director:
                                              Entry Level Salary:  $92, 548
                                              Median Salary:  $130,304
                                              Top Salary:  $166,880
Source: Salary.com
This position requires a bachelor’s degree and most employers will mandate 2-3 years of professional experience in an advertising or marketing agency. Most marketing managers have proven the ability to successfully manage the day-to-day operations of a marketing team. 
Marketing Communications Director
Marketing communications directors provide executive leadership for all marketing and communications in any offline marketing strategy. Key responsibilities of this position include assembling team members, setting a project vision, and guiding the marketing team toward final decisions on which marketing tactics to employ. 
Education/Experience
This position requires a bachelor’s degree and typically 3-5 years of professional experience in an advertising or marketing agency. Positions at larger agencies may require 5-10 years of experience. 
Marketing Research Director
Tasked with managing the market research department, a marketing research director oversees an organization's marketing policies, objectives, and initiatives. The marketing research director leads a team that reviews changes to the marketplace and the industry, adjusting the marketing plan as necessary. They rely on considerable experience and judgment to set and achieve offline marketing goals.
Education/Experience
A bachelor’s degree is required for this position. Most employers will mandate at least 10 years of experience with market research, branding, advertising, and managing staff.

How Can a Marketing School Help You Succeed in a Company Who Uses This Type of Marketing Strategy?
The importance of offline media channels hasn’t waned in the age of the Internet, but have rather become more important. Companies can use them as stand-alone tactics to reach customers who prefer offline channels to the Internet, or  in conjunction with online marketing efforts to maximize traffic to a company’s website or social media pages. A degree in marketing from an accredited institution provides the education necessary for creating and managing any successful offline marketing campaign. (See also Traditional Marketing)
Marketing progrms teach the basic marketing principles of market research, brand management, and using multichannel marketing strategies.  With the proper education, graduates can develop important leadership and organizational skills, and the ability to think critically and creatively. Breaking into this field will require a bachelor's degree, at minimum, from an accredited college or university, and typically one or more internships at an advertising or marketing agency.
Driven to Purchase
What prompts people to shop online? According to a study commissioned by iProspect and performed by Jupiter Research, offline mediums play a significant role. The “iProspect Offline Channel Influence on Online Search Behavior Study” showed 37 percent of online users perform searches as a result of something they saw on television, 36 percent as a result of word of mouth or friend's recommendations, and 30 percent from magazine and newspaper ads.  More than 2,300 online users participated in the study proving companies that employ offline marketing strategies in their campaigns can increase the effectiveness of each and every marketing medium used.














Marketing Ideas...

Consumer Psychology
Email Marketing
Facebook Marketing
Explore more types of 
						Marketing...




Degree Programs

Associate Programs
Bachelor Programs
Masters Programs
PhD Programs
Marketing Certificates




Career Exploration

Careers in Marketing
Fields of Marketing
Professional Profiles




Admission

Applying to School
Financial Aid




Contact Us

info@marketing-schools.org










© 2012 Marketing-Schools.org All Rights Reserved
Top


















Online Products for Offline Buyers - Vici Media












































































Online Products for Offline Buyers - Vici Media

























































 
 
 


 Customer Service & Support: 267-428-0212 (EST) |Client Login













Home
Services

Display Advertising
Household IP Targeting
Retargeting
Video Targeting
Search Engine Optimization
Facebook & Instagram News Feed Ads
Mobile Conquesting
White Labeled Digital Services for Agencies

Agency FAQ


White Labeled Digital Services for Media Groups

Media Group FAQ




Automotive Expertise
Blog
Webinars
Contact Us

Meet The Vici Leadership Team
Career Opportunities


 
 



 






HomeDigital Marketing, Facebook, Household IP Targeting, Online marketing, Sales StrategyOnline Products for Offline Buyers


Online Products for Offline Buyers
















03
Apr


Online Products for Offline Buyers
Megan Malone2017-04-03T23:13:52+00:00 
 By Megan Malone
 Digital Marketing, Facebook, Household IP Targeting, Online marketing, Sales Strategy
 Comments Off on Online Products for Offline Buyers


There are many media buyers out there that are devouring as much information as they can about digital advertising, given that the marketing landscape has changed so drastically.  A media mix used to include placing a television, radio, direct mail, newspaper, phone book, or a billboard buy.   Now with the introduction of a countless number of digital products that are literally changing daily, the buying landscape has become much more confusing.  Luckily, if you know what has worked offline for you in the past, there is an online counterpart that mirrors traditional mediums.

If you buy television, buy pre-roll or social video.  Television promotes a visual story to a captive audience who indexes high for your target demographic based on the types of shows you are watching.  Video pre-roll (commercials that play prior to the content a target customer is consuming) does the same thing, but instead of targeting shows, you target the keywords people are typing in online, their previous online behavior, or even the types of websites they are visiting.   If you place a video buy on social, instead of the ad running before content, it actually auto plays within the users native newsfeed.  Facebook also recently introduced “mid-stream” video that pauses the content someone is viewing to show your short commercial.  The best part is you don’t have to worry about people DVRing past your commercial.  You only pay once the viewer has seen at least 25% of your ad.
If you buy radio, buy ad networks.   Radio is a high frequency medium that targets listeners based on the content they are listening to.  Radio stations promote their content to buyers by matching audiences with a high demographic index (like Adult Contemporary stations and moms) to brands seeking those audiences.   Digital ad networks work the same way.   An ad network is showing your display or video ads on groups of websites targeted to the type of audience you want to reach.  Instead of buying a radio station, you can instead buy hundreds of websites all geared to targeting that mom.  It’s a broad reach with a high frequency depending on your geographic targeting area.
If you buy direct mail, buy Household IP Targeting.   The best thing about direct mail is its hyper targeting capability.  The worst thing about direct mail is how expensive it is to get a high frequency to help promote your message, and the fear someone is taking your marketing piece straight from the mailbox to the trashcan without reading it.   Household IP Targeting takes the direct mail marketing approach and gives it frequency.  This patented technology matches individual household IP addresses to a database of names and physical addresses, displaying your display or video ad only to those people in those specific households on your list.   By using your direct mail data list, you can target one-on-one to a specific household or business, and figure out your marketing return on investment after each campaign by matching who came through as a customer with who you were IP Targeting from your list.
If you buy newspapers, buy news and information digital ad networks.   Your goal with buying newspapers is to reach an informed audience, possibly even business owners, who are consuming the news daily.   You can target people looking at news content on their mobile phones, on both national and local news websites across all devices, or even target people who are business owners based on their previous online behavior.  And remember the old newspaper term “buying above or below the fold?”  The same is true for digital buying, with above the fold ads at the top of the website being amongst the most valuable inventory.
If you buy the phonebook, consider SEO with a focus on directory listings.   Buyers valued the phonebook in the past because it was the last place a customer looked up information before they made a buying decision.  Today, people use the internet and website directory listings as their phonebook.   A good Search Engine Optimization (SEO) strategy will not only put your phone number in major search engines as a business listing and update your Google Knowledge Graph (which is the information on the right-hand column of a search engine results page where Google displays your business information), but lists your business information on directories like the Yellow Pages, Yelp, FourSquare, Yellow Book and more.
If you buy billboards, buy Mobile Conquesting or Facebook Local Awareness Ads.  It’s all about location for you if you are buying billboards.  You’re already ahead of the game with billboard marketing because it works very similarly to banner ad creation: you want as few words as you can on the ad to get your marketing message across to the end customer.   Your digital match for location buying is Mobile Conquesting, which uses location based targeting combined with demographic and behavioral targeting to reach consumers with display ads on their mobile devices.   Another strategy for targeting people in a given location are Facebook’s Local Awareness Ads which is drawing a radius around a location you want to target and only displaying your ads to a specific age or gender.  Billboard buying oftentimes is about driving traffic to a given location.   Both of the products mentioned above have “get directions” or “click to call” buttons that guide a customer on their smartphone to your location or to call you directly.
Related PostsTop 5 Ways Digital Sellers Blow the SaleHave A Customer or Lead List?  How Can You Maximize It Beyond Sending Emails?What Does The Local Ad Revenue Forecast For 2017 Mean For You?Digital Video Ad Spend is Experiencing Major GrowthInstagram: Marketing’s Rising Star.The Best Online Ads Use the K.I.S.S. Technique




Share this post
FacebookTwitterLinkedInGoogle +Email 

Author

 
Megan Malone
Megan Malone is a Founding Partner with Vici, and leads our Operations division.  Megan has both a radio and digital marketing background working for the Philadelphia Eagles, Beasley Broadcast Group, and Cox Media Group. Megan has certifications from the Center for Sales Strategy (management, marketing strategy, brainstorming), a certification from Disney Institute’s People Management, and was awarded the top 10 advertisers in Louisville from the American Advertisers Federation.





Related Posts




30
May


How to install a Retargeting/Remarketing Pixel in WordPress. (It’s SUPER easy!)

Retargeting web visitors is a common best practice to maximize conversions and invite back potential customers to your website. ...  read more  


14
Feb


How to Improve Local Marketing? Use Facebook Local Awareness Ads

In an effort to help local businesses connect with people in their area, Facebook launched Local Awareness mobile ads....  read more  


28
Dec


Just How Much Time Do We Spend Each Day With Digital Media?

2014 was a “banner” year for digital growth, both in advertising revenue and time spent with digital media. An...  read more  


18
Jun


Tips for Your Digital Marketing Strategy

Who doesn’t want the best, especially when it comes to your digital campaigns? Well, good news because there are...  read more  


30
Jan


Google Analytics Can Tell Me When I Should Advertise?

The folks who bring you Google Analytics have just released some first quarter insights from the previous two years...  read more  


02
Aug


Digital Now Commands 60% of Total Marketing Budget

How much of my advertising budget should I allocate towards digital?
This is hot topic and a question I get...  read more  


20
Apr


My fingers are too fat to shop

Yes, mobile advertising is a must – but so are desktops and laptops. Here’s why. Even people who are...  read more  


29
May


Native advertising is one of the hottest areas of online advertising

Digital ad spending is steadily rising, and no area is intensifying faster than native advertising.   Native ads come in...  read more  


13
Nov


Why is Conversion Tracking and Goal Setting So Important?

Before you start a search engine marketing campaign (aka Pay-Per Click) it’s important to do a bit of homework...  read more  


10
Jul


Why We LOVE Canva

Have you ever struggled to make ad creative for your campaign? Well you’re in luck because there is a...  read more  









Search for:



Contact Us 














Your name *






Your email address *






Company Name 






Message (250 character max.)





Please enter the text into the box below




















Get in Touch!


Subscribe 
Keep up on our always evolving product features and technology. Enter your e-mail and subscribe to our blog.















Recent Tweets 
Please wait...





Follow Us 
FacebookTwitterYoutubeLinkedinGoogle + 
 









© Copyright 2017 by Vici Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy



 






Home
Services

Display Advertising
Household IP Targeting
Retargeting
Video Targeting
Search Engine Optimization
Facebook & Instagram News Feed Ads
Mobile Conquesting
White Labeled Digital Services for Agencies

Agency FAQ


White Labeled Digital Services for Media Groups

Media Group FAQ




Automotive Expertise
Blog
Webinars
Contact Us

Meet The Vici Leadership Team
Career Opportunities


Phone: 267-428-0212
Client Login…































Offline Media, Inc. in Raleigh, NC - (336) 214-2668 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Offline Media, Inc.

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Offline Media, Inc.



19 W Hargett St
Raleigh, NC 27601






Contact:
David Shaner


Title:
Chief Executive Officer


Phone:


                        336-214-2668
                    



Website:

www.get-offline.com







There are 

34
                Companies located at 19 W Hargett St, Raleigh, NC 27601
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Offline Media is located in Raleigh, North Carolina. This organization primarily operates in the Computer Software Development and Applications business / industry within the Business Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 5 years. Offline Media is estimated to generate $452,016 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 9 people at this single location.









Sector:

Business Services



Category:

Custom Computer Programming Services



Industry:

Computer Software Development and Applications




SIC Code:

7371











Name:
Offline Media, Inc.


Year Founded:


2012






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 452,016



Employees:

9



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 27601






Percentage Population



2,234
White
687
Hispanic
6,820
Black
45
Asian
126
Native American
9
Hawaiian
447
Other


23.6 %
White
7.3 %
Hispanic
72.2 %
Black
0.5 %
Asian
1.3 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
4.7 %
Other













Population




Population 
9,450




Female48.6%4,592


Male51.4%4,858




Median Age

30.3




Female29.8


Male30.8






























Questions & Answers









How big is Offline Media?





Offline Media is estimated to generate $452,016 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 9 people at this location.







Where is Offline Media located?





Offline Media is located at 19 W Hargett St, Raleigh, NC 27601.







What is the internet address for Offline Media?





The website (URL) for Offline Media is www.get-offline.com.









How many people work at Offline Media?





Offline Media has approximately 9 employees at this location.







Who is the CEO of Offline Media?





The CEO of Offline Media is David Shaner.







Is there a key contact at Offline Media?





David Shaner is the Chief Executive Officer at Offline Media. You can contact David at (336) 214-2668.







What are the annual sales for Offline Media?





Offline Media generates approximately $452,016 in annual sales.







How long has Offline Media been in business?





Offline Media has been in business for approximately 5 years.







Are there other companies located at 19 W Hargett St, Raleigh, NC?





There are 34 commercial tenants at 19 W Hargett St, Raleigh, NC.







What is the phone number for Offline Media?





The phone number for Offline Media is (336) 214-2668










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 27601






Average House Value


                                $ 164,300
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 19,860
                            



Number of Households

3,343



Persons per Household

2.21













Number of Businesses

1,397



Number of Employees

9,779



Land Area (square miles)

1.794



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















BBB Business Profile | Offline Media, Inc.

























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Media Consultant
 > 
Offline Media, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Offline Media, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Offline Media, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(336) 214-2668

Offline Media, Inc.
5 years in business

        19 W Hargett St STE 508
        Raleigh, NC 27601-1074
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 06/18/2015
            

                Business Started: 02/23/2012


                Business Incorporated: 02/23/2012 in NC





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. David Shaner, President
                






            Business Category
        


                Media Consultant
            











                    Number of Employees: 
                
                4
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Offline Media, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Offline Media, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





































 

















BBB of Eastern North Carolina



























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/25/17


BBB Warns Consumers about Door-to-Door Solicitors



07/18/17


BBB Issues Warning About Local Produce Delivery Company



07/10/17


BBB Offers Tips for Finding the Perfect Summer or Track Out Camp for Kids



06/27/17


BBB: Be Aware of Online Dangers for Children



 More Local News »





                        FIND ACCREDITED BUSINESSES NOW.
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 LOCAL SPONSORS








Lane Plumbing







A+ Tree & Crane Services, Inc.







North Carolina Exteriors







Otto's Exteriors



























































































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












