

forumseriestrust.com: About Forum Funds | Series Trust




























Login


Contact






 







Launching or Converting Funds
Operating A Mutual Fund







Management of the Trust
Series Trust vs. Stand Alone Registrant
Trust Service Providers
Advisors in the Trust
Actively Managed ETFs









The Forum Funds Series Trust is a turn-key solution for investment advisors launching a mutual fund.  The Forum Funds allows you to focus on raising assets and managing performance; the Trust manages the day-to-day operations of the fund.






Access
Superior access to the regulatory guidance and structure required to operate a mutual fund
Cost effective access to two of the most highly regarded firms in the investment company industry, K&L Gates as fund counsel and Seward & Kissel LLP as Trustee counsel
An experienced full service fund administrator, Atlantic Fund Services, to guide you through the fund launch or conversion
Access to existing fund policies and procedures; you avoid the risk, cost and time involved in creating your own
Cost Effectiveness
Registrant and service provider relationships managed by the Trust
Share Trust level expenses with other series in the Trust
Affordable access to leading service providers










 
 


© Forum Funds, 2017 |

		Three Canal Plaza, Portland, Maine 04101 
		 |  
		(207) 347-2090
		 | 
		info@forumseriestrust.com


Privacy
			 | 								Terms of Use
			 | 								Contact Us
			 | 								About Atlantic Fund Services









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















OFI-50A Series Optical Fiber Identifier - Products - ShinewayTech-Dependable Partner for Future Networks


























Join Now | Login |
								
Language 

简体中文English









Product

Product
News



















Home

About Us

Products

News

Services

Contact Us









Sitemap
Legal
Privacy

Loading ...






 



Products
Current Position ： Home >> Products


















 


OFI-50A Series Optical Fiber Identifier
Name：OFI-50A Series Optical Fiber Identifier
Categories：Products >> Fiber Identifier/Talk Sets
Model：OFI-50A
Specifications：
Brand：
Product Code：
Color：
Price：
Clicks：1083 Date：2016-05-06 21:54:43
Clicks：
Inquiry：I want to ask       
Documents： http://www.shinewaytech.com/admin/./up/1476688159.pdf







 Details
 

Features


Ø  Easy to use, reliable


Ø  Fast identification of deep buried, overhead and pipe fiber cable


Ø  Built-in intelligent mode, knock in the measured cable screen showed positive and negative Pyramid strength; output the notification sound


Ø  Rapid and accurate identification


Ø  Click the targeted or wanted cable, OFI-50A can response with sound and light reaction


Ø  According to the Headset feedback information, the operator can intuitive judgment percussion cable


Ø  According to the waveform real-time cable, knock in the measured cable real-time waveform will have obvious wave, visual disturbance


Ø  VFL function is available


Ø  Non destructive optical cable






OFI–50A uses optical fiber sensing principle to confirm the target fiber; It can quickly identify deep buried, overhead and pipe fiber cable without any destroy, and provide a simple method for maintenance personnel. Users only need gently knock on cable, when knocking to the target cable, OFI-50 can clearly hear the knock from earphone, which can accurately identify the target cable. 


OFI–50A is real one-key type test; handheld design, easy to carry, 3.5' color screen real-time waveform; the software of the intelligent struck the judgment of the two operation / display mode, combined with the Headset real-time audio, with 3 kinds of recognition percussion method, so as to quickly and accurately identify the measured cable. OFI-50A is a kind of ideal tool for optical fiber





 


Specifications






Wavelength




1550nm






Display




3.5'industrial screen






Maximum Distance




60Km






Short Troubleshooting




650 red light






Output power: 




-2dB, -1dB, -0.5dB, 0dB adjustable






SNR




40dB






Interface type




FC/APC (SC, ST interchangeable)






Detection methods




single fiber testing, no loopback






Test results




1, 2, 3 real time audio waveform display, intelligent mode






Supply mode




7.4V 3500mAh battery (replaceable) 


12V 2A DC power adapter






standby time




>24h (optional 10 minutes automatic shutdown)






continuous working time




>20h






Volume




220*110*70mm






The light weight




0.8kg (including battery)






* Specifications subject to change without notice.





Order Info.


Standard：


    Optical Fiber Identifier Host, Headset, Jumper*1 (SC/APC-FC/APC), Adapter, User Manual, Portable Oxford Bag, Clean Cotton Swab.









Home  | 
						About Us  | 
						Products  | 
						News  | 
						Services  | 
						Contact Us  | 
						E-Mail








Privacy








Legal








Sitemap







Copyright ? 2002 - 2017 ShinewayTech. All Rights Reserved  


















 Company News


 Product News 


 Events






 Order
 Consulting
 Advice





 View Message
 Submit Message






 PHP Engineer







 About


 Company Culture


 Certificates


 Cooperation


		     		 Partner


		     		 OEM/Alliance


 Jobs







 Service


 Support


		     		 FAQ


		     		 Standards






 Feedback
 Contact Us





All Products     |     Close


Fiber Optic Test & Maintenance Instrument


OTDR



palmOTDR-S120 Series

palmOTDR




Multifunction Test Platform



MTP-200




Optical Fusion Splicer



OFS-80xC

OFC-15

OFS-90

OFS-80




Optical Power Meter



PPM-30

PPM-50

OPM-50

OPM-15/25

OCC-50




Laser Source



MLS-50

SLS-50

SLS-2X

VLP/VLS




Optical Variable Attenuator



OVA-50




Microscope/Cleaning



OCI-20BN

FCP-5

FCT-5




Fiber Identifier/Talk Sets



OFI-50A Series Opti...

OFI-30A/AT  Optica...

OTS-20

OFI-20A




Optical Loss Tester



OLT-55

OLT-20





Wireless Test Instrument


WiFi Tester



WFT-20




RF Digital Power Meter



SPM-50

TPM-50

DPM-50




Cable & Antenna Analyzer



CAA-100A Cable & A...

CAA-100





Data Transmission Test Instrument


E1 Tester



DTA-BERT




Ethernet Tester



XGT-200

GET-100




Optical Signal Performance Analyzer



High-speed Optical ...







Solutions








Fiber Watcher Fiber Optical Monitoring System Solution




 



Fiber Guard Fiber Optical Sensing System Solutions




 









Certification




 





      All Products     |     Close




multiple-series-trusts























































USBancorp

+ 1 800 300 3863






















Mutual Fund Solutions








Home


Mutual Fund Solutions


Products

Multiple Series Trusts


























Multiple Series Trusts
Reduce your funds launch time and lower start-up costs by utilizing our Multiple Series Trust comprehensive service solution and expertise.
We have the qualified professionals and complete service solution necessary to manage a Multiple Series Trust (MST). Advisers with limited assets under management, such as start-ups, often utilize adding a fund to an existing MST. However, these types of funds are becoming viable options for large managers launching mutual funds. Our MSTs allow advisers to capitalize on the strength of their investment strategies and stay focused on raising and managing assets.
Our turn-key solution reduces the legal work necessary by adding your fund to an existing trust, essentially lowering the costs compared to establishing an entirely new fund. Additionally, all MSTs at U.S. Bancorp Fund Services include a dedicated and qualified CCO who acts as a daily resource to the advisers’ CCOs and provides assessment, guidance, and consulting, further reducing your costs and time to market. By leveraging our team of experts, you can avoid the operational and regulatory complexities of starting a traditional mutual fund and continue to focus on growing your fund. Our goal is to ensure you are provided an operational structure with customized services, financial reporting, and complete support and industry guidance.








Multiple Series Trusts offer several advantages, including

Reduced time to market
Lower start-up costs due to the reduced amount of legal review
Governance and service expertise of an existing board
A dedicated CCO for all funds within the trust
Sarbanes-Oxley monitoring and certification for all fund financial reporting
Administrative efficiencies 






























X


General Contact Form




This contact page is for investment management firms inquiring about alternative investment solutions, mutual funds solutions, or ETF services. For more information on U.S. Bancorp Fund Services comprehensive servicing solutions, please complete the following form.

Marketing Department
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, 4th Floor
    Milwaukee, WI 53202
1.800.300.3663







First name

Last name


Company name

Email

Phone

Location

Preferred contact method

Preferred contact method
Email
Telephone
Mail


Year established


Assets under management

I'm interested in...*

I'm interested in...*
Alternative Investment
ETF Services
Mutual Funds
Other



Investment Strategy
Distribution Strategy
How did you hear about us?

How did you hear about us?
Online
Media
Print Ad
Client Reference
Conference/Seminar
Other








Send




Thank You!
Your form has been successfully submitted.


New Inquiry? (back to form)
Close



 




Find Your Business Development Manager

United States
Global







Alternative Investment Solutions

Jerry Barbara, 
Senior Vice President
Wilmington, DE 
800.236.2297 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Tim Jones, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)20.7330.2220 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Owain McNeill, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)207.330.2224 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Jason Ganz, 
Senior Vice President
Atlanta, GA 
844.686.0647 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Gary Rossman, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.710.9096 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Scott Syracuse, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.699.9137 | email me



Mutual Fund Solutions

Joe Bree, 
Executive Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.243.3809 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

Mark Ellegard, 
Senior Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.561.1087 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

George Sapp, 
Senior Vice President
Glendora, CA 
866.201.4402 | email me



ETF Services

Michael Castino, 
Senior Vice President
Naperville, IL 
888.455.5553 | email me


Contact us for more information about any of our comprehensive service solutions.



Select a state to find a business development manager.


Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri


Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania


Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming


Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands




Select a region to find a business development manager.


Australia


Asia


Europe


Africa



 

















	DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST Trademark of OFI Testing Equipment, Inc.. Serial Number: 77275948 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST










 
Get FREE email alerts













DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST  Trademark Information
 OFI Testing Equipment, Inc.
Test apparatus used by mud engineers to analyze drilling fluids used in drilling oil and gas wells




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
test   apparatus   used   mud   engineers   analyze   drilling   fluids   used   drilling   oil   gas   wells    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark by OFI Testing Equipment, Inc. 
                                in Houston, TX, 77065.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner OFI Testing Equipment, Inc. of the DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Friday, June 30, 2017, status on the DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark changed to REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        






On Monday, September 10, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST by 
                        OFI Testing Equipment, Inc., Houston, TX  77065.
                        The USPTO has given the DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST 
                        trademark serial  number of  77275948.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST is 
                        
                        
                                            Kenneth A Keeling of 
                                            KEELING PATENTS & TRADEMARKS LLC,  3310 KATY FWY, 2nd Floor, HOUSTON TX 77007-3620 
                                .
                            The DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST 
                            is Test apparatus used by mud engineers to analyze drilling fluids used in drilling oil and gas wells. 
                            





Word mark:
 DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

6/30/2017

Estimated Renewal Deadline: May 20, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
77275948


  Filing Date:  
9/10/2007


 Registration Number:  
3430555 


 Registration Date:  
5/20/2008


 Goods and Services: 
Test apparatus used by mud engineers to analyze drilling fluids used in drilling oil and gas wells


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/4/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

OFI Testing Equipment, Inc.Houston, TX  77065
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Kenneth A Keeling
KEELING PATENTS & TRADEMARKS LLC
3310 KATY FWY, 2nd Floor
HOUSTON TX 77007-3620






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/30/2017
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Kenneth A Keeling


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dependableproductsfr on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PE... 




DEPENDABLE PRODUCTS FROM PEOPLE YOU TRUST is providing Test apparatus used by mud engineers to analyze drilling fluids used in drilling oil and gas wells.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















New 6ft Bookcase AFB-6 [AFB-6] - $189.00 : Dallas Office Furniture | Used Office Chairs | Used Office Desks Texas



























Home
New Products
Used Products
Contact Us



















		Look No Further
		For High Quality
		New Office Furniture And
		Pre-Owned Office Furniture
		

  
		Mon-Fri 9 am To 6 pm  
		  

( Click Here ) 















Office Chairs


Executive


Guest/Reception


Task



Desks

Conf Tables

Bookcases

Cubicles

Files












 Home :: 
  New Products :: 
  Bookcases :: 
New 6ft Bookcase AFB-6












Bookcases


Product 3/8








larger image


New 6ft Bookcase AFB-6 - AFB-6



$389.00  $189.00




Brand New OFI Allmax Series 6' Bookcase.Dimention: 32"Wx14"Dx71"H. Top Quality, Commercial Grade.







Model: AFB-6
100 Units in Stock
Manufactured by: OFI




















This product was added to our catalog on Friday 15 August, 2008.















Categories

New Products
  Office Chairs
  Office Desks
  Office Tables
  Bookcases
  Files
  Accessories
Used Products




Search
Advanced Search









Welcome to AT Office Idea Furniture!
  AT Office Idea , is proud to feature a wide variety of Quality Office Furniture. We have the ideal solution for all your needs for 
    Office Furniture. Whether it is for a small home office or Office Furniture for an entire building we have  High Quality Office Furniture.
Our ever-changing inventory includes office desks, office chairs, conference tables, regular files and fireproof files, executive office Furniture, credenzas, bookshelves, bookcases, storage files, lockers, white boards, presentation boards and modular systems and just about everything else imaginable for your Office Furniture.


 






Note: Due to our ever-changing inventory please call for availability for the product you see on the internet.










Home
 :: 
  NEW PRODUCTS
 :: 
  USED PRODUCTS
 :: 
  Contact Us







©
      2017 Office Furniture Idea. All rights reserved.
 10797 Harry Hines Blvd.
Dallas, TX 75220














New Large Commercial Grade Exe. L Desk [MB-5] - $399.00 : Dallas Office Furniture | Used Office Chairs | Used Office Desks Texas



























Home
New Products
Used Products
Contact Us



















		Look No Further
		For High Quality
		New Office Furniture And
		Pre-Owned Office Furniture
		

  
		Mon-Fri 9 am To 6 pm  
		  

( Click Here ) 















Office Chairs


Executive


Guest/Reception


Task



Desks

Conf Tables

Bookcases

Cubicles

Files












 Home :: 
  New Products :: 
  Office Desks :: 
New Large Commercial Grade Exe. L Desk












Office Desks


Product 42/68








larger image


New Large Commercial Grade Exe. L Desk - MB-5



$795.00  $399.00




OFI Allmax Series Bow Front L Shaped Desk with 1 Set of Box/File.
Single Hanging Pedestal Drawers on Return.
22 Inch Deep Commercial Grade Drawers. 
Dimension:71"W x 36"/41"D x 29"H
Return 48"W x 24"D x 29"H 
Color: Mahogany, Espresso And Modern Walnut Finish Available.
Top Quality Commercial Grade.







Model: MB-5
200 Units in Stock
Manufactured by: OFI




















This product was added to our catalog on Monday 07 December, 2009.















Categories

New Products
  Office Chairs
  Office Desks
  Office Tables
  Bookcases
  Files
  Accessories
Used Products




Search
Advanced Search









Welcome to AT Office Idea Furniture!
  AT Office Idea , is proud to feature a wide variety of Quality Office Furniture. We have the ideal solution for all your needs for 
    Office Furniture. Whether it is for a small home office or Office Furniture for an entire building we have  High Quality Office Furniture.
Our ever-changing inventory includes office desks, office chairs, conference tables, regular files and fireproof files, executive office Furniture, credenzas, bookshelves, bookcases, storage files, lockers, white boards, presentation boards and modular systems and just about everything else imaginable for your Office Furniture.


 






Note: Due to our ever-changing inventory please call for availability for the product you see on the internet.










Home
 :: 
  NEW PRODUCTS
 :: 
  USED PRODUCTS
 :: 
  Contact Us







©
      2017 Office Furniture Idea. All rights reserved.
 10797 Harry Hines Blvd.
Dallas, TX 75220















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














ofi trust - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










pros cons family trusts. - Pros And Cons Of Family Trusts



Ad
 ·
govtsearches.com/​family trusts



Find Fast Answers for Your Question With GovtSearches.com Today!





Estate Planning Trusts



Creating A Family Trust



Setting Up Trust Fund




Revocable Living Trust



Family Trusts For Dummies



Starting A Family Trust





Cost Of Revocable Living Trust - Cost Of Revocable Living Trust



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Cost Of Revocable Living Trust



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles




Web Results

OFI TRUST COMPANY Trademark Information

www.trademarkia.com/ofi-trust-company-77198179.html


OFI TRUST COMPANY is a trademark and brand of OPPENHEIMERFUNDS, INC.. Filed to USPTO On Tuesday, June 05, 2007, The OFI TRUST COMPANY covers INVESTMENT CONSULTING AND ...


About Us: The Right Way to Invest | OFI Global

https://www.ofiglobal.com/institutional-investors/about-us


Learn more about our history and OFI Global's approach to investing. See our four key principles for the Right Way to Invest and more


OFI Global Trust Company: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


OFI Global Trust Company company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


OFI Global - Official Site

https://www.ofiglobal.com


Work with OFI Global Asset Management and access the innovative investment strategies and multi-asset solutions that have made us an industry leader.


OFI Global Trust Company: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know OFI Global Trust Company CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in ...


OFI TRUST COMPANY Trademark - Justia

https://trademarks.justia.com/771/98/ofi-trust-77198179.html


The mark consists of a stylized representation of four hands such that each hand clasps the adjourning hand by the wrist, with the terms OFI Trust Company appearing ...


OFI Global Trust Company 401(k) - Benefits & Details

401k-plans.findthecompany.com/l/1371649/Ofi-Global-Trust-Company...


Ofi Global Trust Company Plan For Employee Benefit Investment Funds (F/K/A Ofi Trust Company Plan For Employee Benefit Investment Funds). Find contact info ...


Banks - Office of Financial Institutions

www.ofi.louisiana.gov/Trust.htm


T rust: Directors ... T rust: Directors


Ofi Global Trust Company | Government Contractor

government-contractors.insidegov.com/l/697258/Ofi-Global-Trust-Company


Ofi Global Trust Company in New York, NY has worked on one contract worth $6.15 million USD from the U.S. government since FY2007. See contract details, obligation ...


OppenheimerFunds - Official Site

https://www.oppenheimerfunds.com


OppenheimerFunds is one of the world's most reputable investment firms. Explore how our global asset management strategies have made us an industry leader.










pros cons family trusts. - Pros And Cons Of Family Trusts



Ad
 ·
govtsearches.com/​family trusts



Find Fast Answers for Your Question With GovtSearches.com Today!





Estate Planning Trusts



Creating A Family Trust



Setting Up Trust Fund




Revocable Living Trust



Family Trusts For Dummies



Starting A Family Trust





Cost Of Revocable Living Trust - Cost Of Revocable Living Trust



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​Cost Of Revocable Living Trust



Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles



12345Next






Answers







Christos Aravidis



Super League with the club at the age of 18,5 against AEK. He scored his first goal in the major league in a match against OFI and he was constantly...

more






List of Chicago Fire characters



Raymund Paramedic in Charge/Firefighter Candidate/Firefighter 1st Class Ambulance No. 61/Truck Co. 81/OFI colspan "5" Leslie Elizabeth Shay Lauren...

more






Andrej Babiš



Agrofert was quietly recapitalised by an obscure Swiss entity, OFI (located in the same small Swiss town, Baar, where Marc Rich was located), which...

more










ofi trust News






Cabin Constructed A top Mount Kanin by OFIS Architects



HomeDSGN

 - Jul 21


You may use j/k/arrow keys to navigate through the articles

more





Trusting and acting



Times Union - Albany NY Albany

 - Jul 24


Pharaoh was already near when the children of Israel looked up and saw that the Egyptians were on the march in pursuit of them. In great fright they cried out to the LORD. And they complained to...

more





Trusting and acting



Times Union - Albany NY Saratoga

 - Jul 24


Pharaoh was already near when the children of Israel looked up and saw that the Egyptians were on the march in pursuit of them. In great fright they cried out to the LORD. And they complained to...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








