

 
Members - CMO Council™





















APPLY  |  LOG IN



HOME
MEMBERSHIP CENTER
ABOUT
ADVISORY BOARD
SERVICES
AUTHORITY LEADERSHIP
MEDIA CENTER
RESOURCES
REGIONAL
CURRENT MEMBERS LOG IN
APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP





MENU

MEMBERSHIP CENTER








12,500+ MEMBERS
110 COUNTRIES
$500B IN MARKETING SPEND










JOIN NOW



















Kristen M. O'Hara
Chief Marketing Officer
Time Warner Global Media Group





 



                        Kristen O'Hara is an innovative strategic marketer specializing in brand development, consumer insight and marketing integration. She has been at the forefront of the complex and ever-changing consumer/brand/media conversation. O'Hara is SVP, Managing Director of the Time Warner Global Media Group, leading its Marketing, Sales and Insights & Innovation teams since 2004. She was a key architect in reinventing the integrated marketing model by shifting the Group’s emphasis from transactional sales to insight and idea driven solutions that build brands and businesses. A catalyst for creativity and collaboration across the Time Warner enterprise, she has helped key Time Warner advertisers bring innovative solutions to market. Additionally, she has helped existing Time Warner brands create new products and platforms. While serving as Time Inc.'s Vice President, Corporate Marketing and Sales Strategy, O'Hara partnered with American Express Publishing on a ground-breaking database marketing tool that transformed print from a mass reach medium into a highly targeted ROI vehicle. The tool continues to be instrumental in extracting insights for and driving revenue from key categories such as fashion, retail, electronics and automotive. This achievement garnered O’Hara the Time Inc. President's Award in 2002.                    







































Kristen M. O'Hara - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kristen M. O'Hara
Board Member at Iconix Brand Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kristen M. O'Hara? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kristen M. O'Hara's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kristen M. O'Hara's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kristen M. O'Hara's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kristen M. O'Hara through your network of contacts.
												








Kristen M. O'Hara's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Iconix Brand Group, Inc.


Past
To view Kristen M. O'Hara's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
46

 
 


Kristen M. O'Hara's Biography



Kristen M. O'Hara has served on our Board since September 2016. Since May 2011, Ms. O'Hara has served as Chief Marketing Officer, Global Media of Time Warner Inc., a media and entertainment company ("Time Warner"). From 2004 to 2011, Ms. O'Hara served as the Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Global Marketing Solutions for Time Warner. From 2002 to 2004, Ms. O'Hara was the Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Sales Strategy for the Time Inc. division of Time Warner. Previously, Ms. O'Hara served in various positions at Young & Rubicam Inc., an advertising firm, from 1993 to 2002. Ms. O'Hara has served as a trustee of the Signat ...
(Read More)

			Kristen M. O'Hara has served on our Board since September 2016. Since May 2011, Ms. O'Hara has served as Chief Marketing Officer, Global Media of Time Warner Inc., a media and entertainment company ("Time Warner"). From 2004 to 2011, Ms. O'Hara served as the Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Global Marketing Solutions for Time Warner. From 2002 to 2004, Ms. O'Hara was the Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Sales Strategy for the Time Inc. division of Time Warner. Previously, Ms. O'Hara served in various positions at Young & Rubicam Inc., an advertising firm, from 1993 to 2002. Ms. O'Hara has served as a trustee of the Signature Theatre Company since June 2012 and was formerly a member of the board of directors of the DMA from November 2012 to January 2016. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree from The College of the Holy Cross in English Literature in 1992. The Board believes that Ms. O'Hara's marketing and advertising experience, and high level of expertise in data, social and digital media, offer critical skills and perspectives to our Board.
		
Source: Iconix Brand Group, Inc. on 05/01/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kristen M. O'Hara's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kristen M. O'Hara. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kristen M. O'Hara's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kristen M. O'Hara's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kristen M. O'Hara through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kristen M. O'Hara


















Kristen M. O'Hara's Connections (13)





Sign up now to view Kristen M. O'Hara's 13 connections »









Sanjay Khosla
Board Member, Zoetis Inc.









F. Peter Cuneo
Chairman of the Board and Former Interim Chief Executive Officer, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









John N. Haugh
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Jason Schaefer
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









David K. Jones
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Kenneth W. Slutsky
Board Member, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Drew Cohen
Lead Independent Director, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Mark A. Friedman
Board Member, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.









Sue E. Gove
Board Member, AutoZone, Inc.









James A. Marcum
Board Member, Iconix Brand Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













    Kristen O'Hara | Time Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Kristin O'Hara Cromer - Denver, CO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kristin O'hara Cromer in Denver, CO


Kristin O'hara Cromer

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kristin O'Hara Cromer  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Denver, CO.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kristen M Cromer
Kristen M O'hara


Get Report Now

Age

Kristin O'hara Cromer is in her 40s

Kristin Has Lived In

Denver, CO
Fogelsville, PA
Hamburg, PA

Kristin's Relatives

Patrick Cromer
John O'Hara
Anthony Cromer
Virginia O'Hara







Kristin O'hara Cromer



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Denver Studio Lead and Senior Director at Think Brownstone Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kristin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kristin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kristin O'hara Cromer
Get a Criminal Check on Kristin O'hara Cromer
Get a Public Record Report on Kristin O'hara Cromer
Get a People Search Report on Kristin O'hara Cromer


Kristin O'hara Cromer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kristin O'hara Cromer has lived as well as Kristin O'hara Cromer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kristin O'hara Cromer Has Lived in 3 States
Colorado Address for Kristin O'hara Cromer


2860 O** S* 

Denver, CO


Has Lived In

Denver, CO
Fogelsville, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kristin O'hara Cromer

(610) ***-**** - Lansdowne, PA 
(800) ***-**** - Conshohocken, PA 
() ***-**** - Denver, CO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kristin O'hara Cromer

k************r@***.com
k*****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Kristin O'hara Cromer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kristin O'hara Cromer's academic history.  Find out which schools Kristin O'hara Cromer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kristin O'hara Cromer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kristin O'hara Cromer Has Attended 4 Schools
Lehigh University 1998 – 1999               Kristin O'hara Cromer has a MS in Educational Technology               
Lehigh University               1998 – 1999               Kristin O'hara Cromer has a Ms, Educational Technology in Educational Technology               
University of Dayton               1992 – 1996               Kristin O'hara Cromer has a Bs in Computer Information Systems               
University of Dayton               1992 – 1996               Kristin O'hara Cromer has a Bs, Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems               


Kristin O'hara Cromer's Professional Information
Information regarding Kristin O'hara Cromer's professional history.  Find out previous places Kristin O'hara Cromer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kristin O'hara Cromer Has Worked at 13 Places
Company: Think Brownstone Inc
               Title: Denver Studio Lead and Senior Director
Company: Effectiveui Inc
               Title: Director of User Experience
Kristin O'hara Cromer's Experience
Title: Denver Studio Lead and Senior Director
               Company: Think Brownstone Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25. Think Brownstone is an experience design consultancy based in the greater Philadelphia area. We research, design, and build user-centered product experiences.
Title: Director of User Experience
               Company: Effectiveui Inc
Job Details
               Denver-based EffectiveUI is a leading digital product company that designs and builds experiences to help transform and grow enterprise businesses. With more than 120 employees and a decade of award-winning experience, the EffectiveUI team of digital anthropologists, experience designers and creative technologists work to simplify complexity and humanize technology. EffectiveUI partners with clients in every vertical for immersive, end-to-end engagements that deliver meaningful solutions for their biggest challenges, and also offers in-house specialty practices for healthcare, financial services/insurance, industrials and civic innovation. An autonomous boutique agency with the chops and track record to deliver best-in-class solutions and service, EffectiveUI is a wholly owned subsidiary of WPP.
Additional Professional Information on Kristin O'hara Cromer

 See Kristin O'hara Cromer's LinkedIn Profile



Kristin O'hara Cromer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kristin O'hara Cromer


Kristin O'hara Cromer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kristin O'hara Cromer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kristin Cromer
Username Matches

                  KristinCromer
                  CromerKristin
                  Kristin.Cromer
                  Cromer.Kristin
                  Kristin_Cromer
                  Cromer_Kristin
                  Kristin-Cromer
                  Cromer-Kristin
                  KCromer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Cromer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Kristen  O'Hara - Brooklyn, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kristen  O'hara in Brooklyn, NY


Kristen  O'hara

                                                                                       Intelius found that Kristen  O'Hara  is  a female between 30 and 40 years old from Brooklyn, NY.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kristen Marie Pilcher


Get Report Now

Age

Kristen  O'hara is in her 30s

Kristen Has Lived In

Brooklyn, NY
San Marcos, TX
Waco, TX

Kristen's Relatives

Kim Pilcher
Amy Pilcher
Lynn Pilcher
Elizabeth Pilcher







Kristen  O'hara



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Senior Communications Specialist at Ecolab



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kristen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kristen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kristen  O'hara
Get a Criminal Check on Kristen  O'hara
Get a Public Record Report on Kristen  O'hara
Get a People Search Report on Kristen  O'hara


Kristen  O'hara's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kristen  O'hara has lived as well as Kristen  O'hara's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kristen  O'hara Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for Kristen  O'hara


36 C**** S* 

Brooklyn, NY


Has Lived In

Brooklyn, NY
San Marcos, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kristen  O'hara

(281) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(347) ***-**** - Brooklyn, NY 
(254) ***-**** - Waco, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kristen  O'hara

j*******4@***.net
s*****************0@***.com


Get Email Report




Kristen  O'hara's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kristen  O'hara's academic history.  Find out which schools Kristen  O'hara attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kristen  O'hara received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kristen  O'hara Has Attended 3 Schools
Baylor University 2002 – 2006               Kristen  O'hara has a BA in Journalism, Graphic Design, Telecommunication               
Baylor University               2002 – 2006               Kristen  O'hara has a Ba, in Journalism, Graphic Design, Telecommunication               
Baylor University               2002 – 2006               Kristen  O'hara has a Bachelor’s Degree, Journalism, Graphic Design, Telecommunications, Magna Cum Laude, Honors Program Scholar in Journalism, Graphic Design, Telecommunications               


Kristen  O'hara's Professional Information
Information regarding Kristen  O'hara's professional history.  Find out previous places Kristen  O'hara has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kristen  O'hara Has Worked at 9 Places
Company: Ecolab
               Title: Senior Communications Specialist
Company: Meredith Corporation
               Title: Photo Editor, Parents Magazine
Kristen  O'hara's Experience
Title: Senior Communications Specialist
               Company: Ecolab
Job Details

Title: Photo Editor, Parents Magazine
               Company: Meredith Corporation
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Kristen  O'hara

 See Kristen  O'hara's LinkedIn Profile



Kristen  O'hara's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kristen  O'hara


Kristen  O'hara's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kristen  O'hara's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kristen O'Hara
Username Matches

                  KristenO'Hara
                  O'HaraKristen
                  Kristen.O'Hara
                  O'Hara.Kristen
                  Kristen_O'Hara
                  O'Hara_Kristen
                  Kristen-O'Hara
                  O'Hara-Kristen
                  KO'Hara
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K O'Hara







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















        1376838359 NPI number —  DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D.































































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1376838359






NPI 1376838359:  DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D.














NPI Number 1376838359 General Information



 PNG

            
                 
            
 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1376838359
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Individual
                
Provider Name / Organization
 DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D.
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 
Second Line
 
City
NORTHPORT 
State
NY 
Postal Code (Zip)
11768-2200 
Country
US 
Phone
 
Fax
 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 
Second Line
 
City
NORTHPORT 
State
NY 
Postal Code (Zip)
11768-2200 
Country
US 
Phone
631-261-4400 
Fax
 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
 
Name
   
Credential
  
Telephone Number
  
Provider Enumeration Date
06/17/2011 
Last Updated
08/16/2013 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1376838359 has the "Individual" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) —  DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D.. Records indicate that the provider gender is "Female". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 06/17/2011. NPI Number information was last updated on 08/16/2013.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 
                    NORTHPORT, NY
                    11768-2200, US
                


 DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D. can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  631-261-4400
Fax: 

The provider's official mailing address is:



                    79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 
                    NORTHPORT, NY
                    11768-2200, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  
Fax: 


Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

231H00000X


Audiologist


                            002339
                        

                            NY
                        










Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer







Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1376838359
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Individual
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Sole Proprietor
                            

                                N
                            

                                Indicate whether provider is a sole proprietor.

A sole proprietor is the sole (the only) owner of a business that is not incorporated; that unincorporated business is a sole proprietorship.
In a sole proprietorship, the sole proprietor owns all of the assets of the business and is solely liable for all of the debts of the business.
There is no difference between a sole proprietorship and a sole proprietor; they are legally a single entity: an individual.
In terms of NPI assignment, a sole proprietor is an Entity type 1 (Individual) and is eligible for only one NPI (the sole proprietorship business is not eligible for its own NPI).
As an individual, a sole proprietorship cannot be a subpart and cannot have subparts. (See NPI Final Rule for information about subparts.)
A sole proprietorship may or may not have employees.
Often, the IRS assigns an EIN to a sole proprietorship in order to protect the sole proprietor's SSN from disclosure in claims or on W-2s. NPPES does not capture a sole proprietorship's EIN.
Many types of health care providers could be sole proprietorships (for example, group practices, pharmacies, home health agencies).





                                Provider Last Name (Legal Name)
                            

                                O'HARA
                            

                                The last name of the provider (if an individual). If the provider is an individual, this is the legal name. This name must match the name on file with the Social Security Administration (SSA). In addition, the date of birth must match that on file with SSA. (First and last names are required for initial applications.) The First, Middle, Last and Credential(s) fields allow the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Name
                            

                                KRISTEN
                            

                                The first name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Middle Name
                            

                                M.
                            

                                The middle name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Name Prefix Text
                            

                                DR.
                            

                                The name prefix or salutation of the provider if the provider is an individual; for example, Mr., Mrs., or Corporal.
                            



                                Provider Credential Text
                            

                                AU.D.
                            

                                The abbreviations for professional degrees or credentials used or held by the provider, if the provider is an individual. Examples are MD, DDS, CSW, CNA, AA, NP, RNA, or PSY. These credential designations will not be verified by NPS.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                79 MIDDLEVILLE RD
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                NORTHPORT
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                NY
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                11768-2200
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                79 MIDDLEVILLE RD
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                NORTHPORT
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                NY
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                11768-2200
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                631-261-4400
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                06/17/2011
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                08/16/2013
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Provider Gender Code
                            

                                F
                            

                                The code designating the provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Provider Gender
                            

                                Female
                            

                                The provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                231H00000X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                Audiologist
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Provider License Number 1
                            

                                002339
                            

                                Certain taxonomy selections will require you to enter your license number and the state where the license was issued. Select Foreign Country in the state drop down box if the license was issued outside of United States. The License Number field allows the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters. DO NOT report the Social Security Number (SSN), IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) in this section.
                            



                                Provider License Number State Code 1
                            

                                NY
                            

                                Provider License Number State Code #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.






Driving Directions to " DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA  AU.D." Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Yours Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)




























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            





















KRISTEN M. O'HARA 79 MIDDLEVILLE RD NORTHPORT NY 11768 Audiologist.
 




















 



Login/Sign Up



















DR. KRISTEN M. O'HARA AU.D.  -Audiologist





2 reviews    

Audiologist


79 MIDDLEVILLE RD
NORTHPORT, NY 11768
					Phone: (631)-261-4400 
NPI Number: 1376838359				
Claim this page to add website here 






Doctor Details

KRISTEN M. O'HARA's specialty is listed as Audiologist. The practice business address for this provider is in the wonderful city of NORTHPORT, in the state of NY. This healthcare provider is listed as practicing at this street address: 79 MIDDLEVILLE RD . The providers telephone number is (631)-261-4400 
. This healthcare provider has their gender reported as 'female'.Speciality : Audiologist - Is a medical professional that is knowledgeable in hearing, balance and other related disorders.  Audiologist help prevent, identify, assess, treat and rehabilitate hearing issues in adults and children...KRISTEN M. O'HARA's specialty is listed as Audiologist. The practice business address for this provider is in the wonderful city of NORTHPORT, in the state of NY. This healthcare provider is listed as practicing at this street address: 79 MIDDLEVILLE RD . The providers telephone number is (631)-261-4400 
. This healthcare provider has their gender reported as 'female'.Speciality : Audiologist - Is a medical professional that is knowledgeable in hearing, balance and other related disorders.  Audiologist help prevent, identify, assess, treat and rehabilitate hearing issues in adults and children.  Some places you will find them are in hospitals, community health clinics, schools, public health establishments, hearing aid manufacturers and private practices.This Specialty Falls in this Following Category:Speech, Language and Hearing Service Providers - Speech, Language and Hearing Service Providers offer evaluation and treatment options for specific language and hearing issues.  They can be found working in numerous settings including private and public schools, group homes, hospitals and nursing facilities.  They work with such issues as articulation, expressive language, stuttering, pragmatic language, swallowing and oral motor skills.Audiologist - Is a medical professional that is knowledgeable in hearing, balance and other related disorders.  Audiologist help prevent, identify, assess, treat and rehabilitate hearing issues in adults and children.  Some places you will find them are in hospitals, community health clinics, schools, public health establishments, hearing aid manufacturers and private practices.The LabDraw Pharmacy Directory is available to assists patients with finding a reliable pharmacy. It is also a reporting mechanism used to provide valuable feedback to the doctors, insurance companies, and laboratory service providers. By allowing the patients to comment freely about their experiences at a pharmacy or locating a particular facility we are assisting with opening up the doors to better healthcare.
If you have any comments to make regarding the service you have received at this pharmacy, or other information about what is provided here, feel free to add it to the comments section located below. Your comments will be immediately made available to others viewing this page.Gender: This healthcare provider is FEMALENPI Number: 1376838359
Show Less >> 
Read More >> 




Map To KRISTEN M. O'HARA





Rating and reviews - 2 reviews 



 


 



Anonymous
03/05/2012







									No Comments									

No Comments






 


 



Anonymous
03/05/2012







									No Comments									

No Comments









Write a Review






0
1
2
3
4
5


Select your rating






   
  









	
	NOTE: VERIFICATION IS NEEDED BEFORE POSTING WILL BE PUBLISHED.CHECK YOUR EMAIL FOR VERIFICATION LINK AFTER SUBMISSION.








Laboratories Near This Location


No record available.







Pharmacies Near This Location






CVS PHARMACY #01228




								No review								





							753 FORT SALONGA RD 							NORTHPORT, 							New York 11768						







CVS PHARMACY #01935




								No review								





							10 3 FORT SALONGA RD COUNTRY V 							NORTHPORT, 							New York 11768						







WALGREEN DRUG STORE #02630




								No review								





							555 LARKFIELD RD E 							NORTHPORT, 							New York 11731						






Other Health Specialists Near This Location
View All 





MARYANN  GROW




								No review								


Audiologist 


							79 MIDDLEVILLE RD ASPS#126							NORTHPORT, 
							NY 11768						







NICOLE K VITALE




								No review								


Audiologist 


							79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 							NORTHPORT, 
							NY 11768						







SANDY LILIAN OCONNOR




								No review								


Audiologist 


							79 MIDDLEVILLE RD 							NORTHPORT, 
							NY 11768						







VALERIE  SAVARINO




								No review								


Audiologist 


							79 MIDDLEVILLE RD ASPS 126							NORTHPORT, 
							NY 11768						







ELIZABETH I MCMANUS




								No review								


Audiologist 


							79 MIDDLEVILLE RD NORTHPORT VA MEDICAL CENTER AUDIOLOGY AND SPEECH							NORTHPORT, 
							NY 11768						














Write a Review
Claim this Page





Recent Reviews & Comments


MRS. LYDIA BROWN  NP
received a 5-Flask rating from Conan on 07/23/2017: Lydia Brown is the most beautiful calm collective,sweet and kind hearted nurse I ever meet in my life... she takes her profession very seriously. And also willing to help without a question.  Keep doi ... Read more >>
  H.O.P.E. COUNSELING, INC.  
received a 5-Flask rating from Eil on 07/22/2017: I transitioned to Hope Counseling Services from Ohio Family Counseling Services in April 
 So far I got a counselor ( Jean Zoffiro ) she is a carbon copy of my favorite counselor ( Joyce Robertson) f ... Read more >>
  SUNRISE PEDIATRICS PA  
received a 5-Flask rating from jano on 07/22/2017:  Dr. Bonaparte took care of our son in hospital, excellent circumcision and we have had 2 follow up visits. We are very satisfied !... Very happy with the staff and professionalism. Way to go ! Dr. B ... Read more >>
  ELLEHCAL OBGYN INC  
received a 5-Flask rating from EJEJEJEJ on 07/22/2017: I know this business but the address listed is wrong: they are at
585 East Elder Street
Fallbrook, CA 92028

phone number 760 645 3407

THEY ARE AWESOME TOO! THEY HAVE EVENING AND WEEKEND HOURS  ... Read more >>
BioReference Labs
received a 5-Flask rating from Dave on 07/15/2017: The only place I go for Blood work!!! They really know what the're doing!! ... Read more >>
LabCorp Patient Service Center
received a 5-Flask rating from Mike on 05/22/2017: First time at this location, 310 N. Wilmot Rd., Ste. 102. The staff were courteous and very professional. I need to have blood taken every three months and this ws my first visit. I did not have an ap ... Read more >>
FARMACIA 22-24 CENTRO
received a 5-Flask rating from Guadalupe on 06/28/2017: me  a gustado mucho encontrar estas farmacias gracias ... Read more >>
FRED MEYER PHARMACY #00093
received a 5-Flask rating from none on 06/20/2017: We switched from another pharmacy about a year ago because that supplier frequently was out of what we wanted -- and a number of nonbusiness issues.  Too much drama...

This Fred Meyer always has wh ... Read more >>







Find a Healthcare Specialist in Your City. Start Here:
-> List of Healthcare Specialists












Find Audiologist Jobs:  0 jobs with keyword "Audiologist NORTHPORT NY" found!


Common Lab TestsGonorrhea Test 
(STD Testing) | Total cholesterol 
(Comprehensive Metabolic Panel) | Syphilis Test  
(STD Testing) | Bee Sting Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | HIV Test 
(STD Testing) | Soy Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | Poison Ivy and Plant Allergies 
(Allergy Testing) | RBC count (varies with altitude) 
(CBC (Complete Blood Count) Test) | Egg Allergy 
(Allergy Testing) | Hives (Urticaria) 
(Allergy Testing) | 	
			
 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















o hara kristen - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related too hara kristen



kristen o'hara time warner


kristin o'hara


kristen o'hara flagler beach fl



kirsten o'hara photography


kristen saunders lansing




Web Results

Kristen OHara Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Kristen-OHara


View the profiles of people named Kristen OHara. Join Facebook to connect with Kristen OHara and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


Top 25 Kristen O'hara profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/kristen/o'hara


View the profiles of professionals named Kristen O'hara on LinkedIn. There are 34 professionals named Kristen O'hara, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


Kristen O'Hara | Time Warner Inc.

www.timewarner.com/.../global-media-group/kristen-o-hara


Kristen O’Hara is responsible for leading strategic collaborations that fuel growth for Time Warner and its operating companies. By leveraging data, consumer ...


Kristen O'Hara

www.kristenohara.com


Kristen O'Hara is a photo editor and visual producer at Parents Magazine in Brooklyn, New York. Kristen O'Hara now works in corporate communications in Houston, Texas


Kristin OHara | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristin-ohara-5a912810


View Kristin OHara’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Kristin OHara discover inside ...


Kristin Ohara's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Kristin-Ohara


65 records for Kristin Ohara. Find Kristin Ohara's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Amazon.com: Kristen O'Hara: Books, Biography, Blog ...

https://www.amazon.com/Kristen-OHara/e/B001K8ZA1U


Visit Amazon.com's Kristen O'Hara Page and shop for all Kristen O'Hara books and other Kristen O'Hara related products (DVD, CDs, Apparel). Check out pictures ...


30+ Kristen Ohara profiles | LinkedIn

https://us.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Kristen/Ohara


View the profiles of professionals named Kristen Ohara on LinkedIn. There are 30+ professionals named Kristen Ohara, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


Top 25 Kristin O'hara profiles | LinkedIn

us.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Kristin/O'Hara


View the profiles of professionals named Kristin O'hara on LinkedIn. There are 34 professionals named Kristin O'hara, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


Kirsten O'Hara Gordon Photography, Mound, MN

www.kirstenoharagordon.com


Mound, MN (Lake Minnetonka area) photographer Kirsten O'Hara Gordon, specializes in natural, soft & airy, light-filled photography for high school seniors, teens ...



Searches related too hara kristen



kristen o'hara time warner


kristin o'hara


kristen o'hara flagler beach fl



kirsten o'hara photography


kristen saunders lansing




12345Next














Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








