

























OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $102,000 Position in Kennametal Inc. (KMT) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Kennametal Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kennametal Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Nike, Inc. (NKE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Nike, Inc. (NKE) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird
Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) PT Raised to $85.00
STMicroelectronics NV (EPA:STM) PT Set at €16.30 by J P Morgan Chase & Co
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT Inc (BRG) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co
UMH Properties, Inc. (UMH) Given Outperform Rating at FBR & Co
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Stake Held by Barings LLC
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $102,000 Position in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 275 Shares of Urban Edge Properties (UE)
Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) versus First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Financial Analysis
Financial Review: Criteo (CRTO) and Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) (IPG)
Cutera (CUTR) & Lumenis (LMNS) Critical Review
Care.com, Inc. (NYSE:CRCM) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share
Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (RSP) Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Analysts
MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSGN) Raised to Buy at BidaskClub
Virco Manufacturing Corporation (NASDAQ:VIRC) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
John C. Malone Sells 23,000 Shares of Liberty Broadband Corporation (LBRDA) Stock
BioLife Solutions’ (NASDAQ:BLFS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group
CarMax Inc (KMX) EVP Eric M. Margolin Sells 18,659 Shares
R. H. Seale Sells 30,000 Shares of Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) Stock


 


OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $102,000 Position in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 

OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. continued to hold its position in Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd.’s holdings in Kennametal were worth $102,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in KMT. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in Kennametal by 0.3% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 13,820 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $542,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Credit Agricole S A raised its stake in Kennametal by 1.1% in the first quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 12,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $471,000 after buying an additional 131 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can raised its stake in Kennametal by 1.7% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 9,834 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $386,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama raised its stake in Kennametal by 0.3% in the first quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 103,531 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,062,000 after buying an additional 309 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Advantus Capital Management Inc raised its stake in Kennametal by 3.4% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 10,267 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $403,000 after buying an additional 333 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.02% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Kennametal Inc. alerts:



Kennametal Inc. (KMT) opened at 38.46 on Friday. Kennametal Inc. has a 52-week low of $23.75 and a 52-week high of $43.09. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $39.04 and its 200-day moving average price is $38.06. The firm’s market cap is $3.10 billion. 




Kennametal (NYSE:KMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.44 by $0.16. Kennametal had a negative net margin of 2.09% and a positive return on equity of 11.59%. The company had revenue of $528.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $511.79 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.37 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Kennametal Inc. will post $1.59 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: “OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Has $102,000 Position in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)” was posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/21/old-mutual-customised-solutions-proprietary-ltd-holds-stake-in-kennametal-inc-kmt-updated.html. 
A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on Kennametal from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Kennametal from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price target (up from $47.00) on shares of Kennametal in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. Finally, Barrington Research raised their price objective on Kennametal from $45.00 to $50.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Kennametal has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $39.33.
In other news, Director Philip A. Dur sold 7,000 shares of Kennametal stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.01, for a total value of $280,070.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 22,024 shares in the company, valued at $881,180.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Judith L. Bacchus sold 9,168 shares of Kennametal stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.89, for a total transaction of $384,047.52. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 16,767 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $702,369.63. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 3.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About Kennametal
Kennametal Inc is a supplier of tooling, engineered components and materials consumed in production processes. The Company operates through two segments: Industrial and Infrastructure. The Industrial segment generally serves customers that operate in industrial end markets, such as transportation, general engineering, aerospace and defense. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Kennametal Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kennametal Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























RE Advisers Corp Has $54,822,000 Position in Flowserve Corporation (FLS) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Flowserve Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Flowserve Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

BidaskClub Lowers ATN International, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATNI) to Hold
Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (ENT) Lowered to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust’s (RPT) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co
Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ:ILMN) Given Underweight Rating at Morgan Stanley
Editas Medicine, Inc. (NASDAQ:EDIT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Red Lion Hotels Corporation (RLH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Ferro Corporation (FOE) Lifted to Buy at BidaskClub
Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (HMY) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for Janus Capital Group, Inc (NYSE:JHG)
Henry Schein’s (NASDAQ:HSIC) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Liberty Property Trust (NYSE:LPT) Earns “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Essendant Inc. (ESND) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Rothschild Investment Corp IL Has $856,000 Stake in Dollar Tree, Inc. (NASDAQ:DLTR)
Equity Residential (NYSE:EQR) Position Boosted by APG Asset Management US Inc.
RE Advisers Corp Boosts Position in State Bank Financial Corporation. (NASDAQ:STBZ)
RE Advisers Corp Buys Shares of 976,986 United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI)
Unilever PLC (NYSE:UL) Stake Cut by Murphy Capital Management Inc.
Oldfield Partners LLP Purchases 23,766 Shares of Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES)
APG Asset Management US Inc. Holds Position in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO)







RE Advisers Corp Has $54,822,000 Position in Flowserve Corporation (FLS)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




RE Advisers Corp maintained its stake in shares of  Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 1,180,743 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. RE Advisers Corp owned 0.90% of Flowserve Corporation worth $54,822,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of FLS. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of  Flowserve Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $116,000.  Creative Planning increased its position in  Flowserve Corporation by 6.2% in the second quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,408 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 141 shares during the last quarter.  Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. acquired a new position in  Flowserve Corporation during the first quarter worth about $151,000.  Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in  Flowserve Corporation by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 3,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its position in  Flowserve Corporation by 12.8% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 3,398 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 386 shares during the last quarter. 


 Get Flowserve Corporation alerts:



Shares of Flowserve Corporation (FLS) traded down 0.13% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $46.17. The company had a trading volume of 140,847 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 49.65 and a beta of 1.48. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $46.59 and a 200-day moving average of $48.15. Flowserve Corporation has a one year low of $39.13 and a one year high of $52.10. 





Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) last released its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $863.63 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $817.56 million. Flowserve Corporation had a return on equity of 15.76% and a net margin of 3.12%. Flowserve Corporation’s quarterly revenue was down 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.39 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  Flowserve Corporation will post $1.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 7th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 23rd were paid a dividend of $0.19 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 21st. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.64%. Flowserve Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 81.72%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “RE Advisers Corp Has $54,822,000 Position in Flowserve Corporation (FLS)” was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/re-advisers-corp-has-54822000-position-in-flowserve-corporation-fls.html. 
A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. Wolfe Research began coverage on Flowserve Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $38.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Flowserve Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, July 17th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 price objective on shares of Flowserve Corporation in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $46.00 price target on shares of Flowserve Corporation in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on Flowserve Corporation from $53.00 to $56.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $50.10.
About Flowserve Corporation
Flowserve Corporation is a manufacturer and aftermarket service provider of flow control systems. The Company’s segments include Engineered Product Division, Industrial Product Division and Flow Control Division. Its geographic segments include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.







Receive News & Ratings for Flowserve Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flowserve Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿
































Page Arthur B Raises Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Rockwell Automation Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Rockwell Automation Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Unilife Corp (UNIS) versus Invuity (NASDAQ:IVTY) Critical Contrast
CenturyLink (CTL) & Shaw Communications (SJR) Head to Head Review
Analyzing NRG Yield (NYLD) and UNS Energy Corp (NYSE:UNS)
Roper Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:ROP) Position Held by Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc.
Page Arthur B Raises Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)
Comparing Etsy (ETSY) and Roundy's (NASDAQ:RNDY)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 4,010 Shares of Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA)
Cleararc Capital Inc. Has $1.46 Million Stake in PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC)
Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 24,955 Shares of American Campus Communities Inc (NYSE:ACC)
ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB) Position Held by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc.
Asset Dedication LLC Sells 60 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)
Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (CALM) Posts  Earnings Results
Garrison Capital Inc. (GARS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Zacks: China Coal Energy Unspon  (NASDAQ:CCOZY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages
Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) CEO Sells $243,500.00 in Stock
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Cyan (NYSE:CYNI) Share Price
BWX Technologies, Inc. (BWXT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Canal Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $1.16 Million Stake in Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (FSB)
Skylands Capital LLC Has $674,000 Stake in Brunswick Corporation (BC)




 


Page Arthur B Raises Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Page Arthur B raised its stake in shares of  Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) by 0.8% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 16,596 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 130 shares during the period. Rockwell Automation accounts for about  2.3% of Page Arthur B’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Page Arthur B’s holdings in Rockwell Automation were worth $2,688,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter valued at approximately $104,000.  Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. raised its position in  Rockwell Automation by 1,700.0% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co. Ltd. now owns 720 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 680 shares during the period.  Appleton Group LLC acquired a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter valued at approximately $213,000.  Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter valued at approximately $215,000.  Finally, S&CO Inc. acquired a new position in  Rockwell Automation during the first quarter valued at approximately $216,000. 73.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Rockwell Automation Inc. alerts:



Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK) traded down 0.68% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $163.96. 193,719 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Rockwell Automation, Inc. has a 52 week low of $111.52 and a 52 week high of $167.97. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $162.60 and a 200 day moving average of $154.71. The stock has a market capitalization of $21.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.37 and a beta of 1.17. 




Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.55 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.40 by $0.15. Rockwell Automation had a net margin of 12.88% and a return on equity of 39.71%. The firm had revenue of $1.55 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.37 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 7.9% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts forecast that  Rockwell Automation, Inc. will post $6.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, September 11th. Shareholders of record on Monday, August 14th will be issued a dividend of $0.76 per share. This represents a $3.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, August 10th. Rockwell Automation’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 50.75%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/page-arthur-b-raises-position-in-rockwell-automation-inc-rok.html. 
ROK has been the subject of several research reports. BidaskClub raised shares of Rockwell Automation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 8th. Barclays PLC  set a $176.00 price target on shares of Rockwell Automation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Rockwell Automation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $184.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Morgan Stanley lifted their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $153.00 to $167.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $159.00 to $167.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned  a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $148.53.
In related news, Director William T. Jr/Wi Mccormick sold 432 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $158.07, for a total value of $68,286.24. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,109 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,439,859.63. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Sujeet Chand sold 9,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $159.72, for a total transaction of $1,517,340.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 46,873 shares in the company, valued at $7,486,555.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 129,605 shares of company stock worth $20,469,855. Insiders own  1.65% of the company’s stock. 
About Rockwell Automation
Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE:ROK).







Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Stake in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)

































  Notizie
                

Analysts Anticipate Seagate Technology PLC (STX) to Post $0.99 EPS 
Jeff Bezos is the world's richest person 
Verizon Matches Profit Expectations But Beats On Revenue 
Investor Watchlist: Narrowing in on Shares of George Weston Ltd 
German Helicopter With Two UN Peacekeepers Crashes in Mali 
YouTube TV is now live, though only in five major American cities 
InterOcean Capital LLC Buys 33174 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 


























Notizia
Affari Cultura Scienza Sportivo Internazionale Salute Nazionale 




Affari
Cultura
Scienza
Sportivo
Internazionale
Salute
Nazionale


 


OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Stake in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)
Paterniano Del Favero
Luglio 15, 2017



Condividere













The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. (NYSE:KMT) by 31.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FMR LLC acquired a new position in shares of Kennametal during the first quarter worth about $57,492,000. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC now owns 48,539 shares of the industrial products company's stock worth $1,904,000 after buying an additional 5,812 shares during the period. Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in Kennametal by 715.3% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,527,370 shares of the industrial products company's stock worth $79,009,000 after buying an additional 29,639 shares during the last quarter. Scopus Asset Management L.P. raised its position in Kennametal by 927.5% in the first quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 12,000 shares of the industrial products company's stock valued at $471,000 after buying an additional 131 shares during the last quarter.First Trust Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Kennametal Inc. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 9,834 shares of the industrial products company's stock valued at $386,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its stake in shares of Kennametal by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. State Treasurer State of MI now owns 32,560 shares of the industrial products company's stock valued at $1,277,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Bridgeway Cap Inc owns 0.01% invested in Insteel Industries Inc (NASDAQ:IIIN) for 17,000 shares. Kennametal has a 52 week low of $20.90 and a 52 week high of $43.09.Kennametal (NYSE:KMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company has market cap of $3.22 billion. The stock was unloaded at a price range of of $40.01, amounting to $280,070.00. after the closing of the transaction the director has an ownership of 22,024 company stock worth at roughly $881,180.24. The industrial products company reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.16. Kennametal had a negative net margin of 2.09% and a positive return on equity of 11.59%. The firm had revenue of $528.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $511.79 million. During the same quarter previous year, the firm earned $0.37 EPS. Kennametal's quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Kennametal will post $1.59 EPS for the current fiscal year.COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: "OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Stake in Kennametal Inc. (KMT)" was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of USA and worldwide copyright and trademark law. Zacks Investment Research lowered Kennametal from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a "buy" rating and issued a $47.00 price target (up previously from $45.00) on shares of Kennametal in a research note on Friday, April 14th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a "hold" rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Kennametal in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their target price on shares of Kennametal from $38.00 to $44.00 and gave the company a "hold" rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Barrington Research increased their price target on Kennametal from $45.00 to $50.00 and gave the stock an "outperform" rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. (NYSE:KMT). According to the most recently released broker notes, 1 analyst has a rating of "strong buy" on the stock, 4 analysts "buy", 8 analysts "neutral", 0 analysts "sell" and 1 analysts "strong sell". Kennametal presently has a consensus rating of "Hold" and a consensus target price of $41.09. (NYSE:KMT) was sold by DUR PHILIP A on Thursday, June 8. They now have a United States dollars 40 price target on the stock. The transaction related to this sale was declared in a transaction filed with the SEC which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Judith L. Bacchus sold 9,168 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 27th. Shares were disposed in a price range of $41.89, amounting $384,047.52. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 16,767 shares in the company, valued at approximately $702,369.63. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.00% of the company's stock.Kennametal Inc.is a supplier of tooling, engineered components and materials consumed in production processes. The Company operates through two segments: Industrial and Infrastructure.

 




Altre relazioni OverNewsmagazine 









15 Luglio 2017




ISL 2017: Kerala Blasters name Rene Meulensteen as head coach









15 Luglio 2017




Bonucci, addio alla Juve con una pagina: ignorato l'allenatore Allegri









15 Luglio 2017




Milan, obiettivo centravanti: tra Aubameyang e Belotti (ri)spunta Morata











15 Luglio 2017




MInaccia di morte l'ex moglie e le invia video con intimidazioni su whatsapp, arrestato









15 Luglio 2017




California man sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 21 cats









15 Luglio 2017




Mueren dos turistas tras ser víctimas de ataque — Egipto











15 Luglio 2017




Belotti, il Milan ci crede: pronto un nuovo assalto al centravanti









15 Luglio 2017




Incendio boschivo tra Vesima e Arenzano: intervento dei vigili del fuoco









15 Luglio 2017




Alexandre Lacazette scores for Arsenal in friendly win over Sydney FC











15 Luglio 2017




US CPI and retail sales data miss knock the dollar down







Celgene Corp (NASDAQ:CELG) Institutional Investors Sentiment









15 Luglio 2017




Le faggete vetuste del Parco patrimonio mondiale UNESCO









Recenti News Articoli


 
EPS for United States Steel Corporation (X) Expected At $0.57




 
2 charged in killings of missing Pennsylvania men




 
BidaskClub Lowers Dynegy Inc. (NYSE:DYN) to Sell




Discuti questo articolo








 PIÙ POPOLARE OverNewsmagazine




Palermo, Ingegneri: "Serie A? I presupposti ci sono tutti"


WPX Energy, Inc. (WPX) Debt Trading 1.8% Higher



Passa a Tre online da TIM, Vodafone o Operatori Virtuali con Play GT7: 1000 minuti +20GB a 7€, ecco il link


Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Coverage Initiated at Roth Capital



Cinque incendi ancora attivi in Sardegna



SuperQuark 2017: anticipazioni quarta puntata del 12 luglio



Transit boss cautiously optimistic about repairs


The BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd Decreases Stake in Xerox Corporation (XRX)



Migranti, a Castel Umberto abitanti bloccano accesso


The UBS Group AG (UBSG) Receives Buy Rating from Morgan Stanley







SEGUI I NOSTRI GIORNALE











ULTIME NOTIZIE OverNewsmagazine



 
Analysts Anticipate Seagate Technology PLC (STX) to Post $0.99 EPS


Jeff Bezos is the world's richest person


Verizon Matches Profit Expectations But Beats On Revenue


Investor Watchlist: Narrowing in on Shares of George Weston Ltd


German Helicopter With Two UN Peacekeepers Crashes in Mali


MGM Resorts International (MGM) Downgraded to Buy at BidaskClub


Phillies' Nola aims to prevent sweep by Astros


USANA Health Sciences Shares Drop After Company Misses Earnings, Cuts Outlook


Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Analysts


Barrick Gold Corporation to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.03 (ABX)







ALTRE NOTIZIE


Scienza
Cultura
Affari









The images were taken as the ISS traveled 250 miles above the surface ...









Si tratta del primo set di funzionalità che consentiranno di "collegar...









Lead author Dr Eleonora Troja, of the University of Maryland, said: "G...









Going by his tweet, the U.S.  model of the  Moto Z2 Force  will sport ...









This is the third time that  NASA  has successfully tested out the mod...












Taylor wore black leggings, white trainers and a black backpack for he...









Hawkey has opened a bakery with a notable  Game of Thrones  theme.    ...









Beyonce  and  JAY Z  reportedly have their hands full with month old t...









It said authorities had deemed the sites safe, however, after it took ...









Nolan confirmed prior to the film's release that the voice does belong...











On average, equities analysts expect that  Seagate Technology PLC  wil...









Shares of the online retailer rose 1.3 percent to $1,065.92 at 10:10 a...









Thompson Siegel And Walmsley Lc invested 0.17% of its portfolio in  Ve...









This indicator compares the closing price of a stock in relation to th...









The United Nations operation, launched in 2013, is considered the UN's...
























© 2017 overnewsmagazine.com, OverNewsmagazine




Sportivo
Scienza
Cultura
Affari


Nazionale
Salute
Internazionale





Edizione

Contatti








﻿






























Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Buys 21 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (SEE) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Sealed Air Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sealed Air Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Position Reduced by SG Americas Securities LLC
Bank of Hawaii Buys 1,272 Shares of Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN)
Regal Investment Advisors LLC Buys 14,586 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ)
Care Capital Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CCP) Shares Sold by Morgan Stanley
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $2.97 Million Stake in Potlatch Corporation (NASDAQ:PCH)
Contrasting American Woodmark Corporation (AMWD) and Caesarstone (CSTE)
Contrasting The Hackett Group (NASDAQ:HCKT) & Navigant Consulting (NCI)
Comparing Petrobras Argentina (PZE) and Kimbell Royalty (KRP)
Head to Head Analysis: 22nd Century Group (XXII) vs. U.S. Energy Corp. (NASDAQ:USEG)
Analyzing E.W. Scripps Company (The) (NYSE:SSP) & Discovery Communications (DISCA)
KUEHNE&NAGEL INTL (KHNGY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts
NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Sells 1,044 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing  Company (TAP)
Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) Shares Sold by Creative Planning
Westmoreland Coal Company (WLB) Stake Decreased by Creative Planning
Asahi Kasei Corp (NASDAQ:AHKSY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Raytheon Company (RTN) Stake Raised by Blair William & Co. IL
Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN) Stake Lowered by Amalgamated Bank
Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 542 Shares of Mosaic Company (The) (NYSE:MOS)
Traders Buy Shares of iShares IBoxx $ Invest Grade Corp Bd Fd (NYSE:LQD) on Weakness







Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Buys 21 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (SEE)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Gateway Investment Advisers LLC increased its stake in  Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) by 0.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 11,751 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC’s holdings in Sealed Air Corporation were worth $526,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of  Sealed Air Corporation by 7.4% in the second quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 80,453 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,601,000 after buying an additional 5,522 shares during the last quarter.  Appleton Partners Inc. MA purchased a new stake in  Sealed Air Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $288,000.  Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in  Sealed Air Corporation by 5.5% in the first quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 24,930 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,086,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of Nova Scotia purchased a new stake in  Sealed Air Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $1,736,000.  Finally, Point72 Asset Management L.P. purchased a new stake in  Sealed Air Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $2,576,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  90.55% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Sealed Air Corporation alerts:



Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE SEE) opened at 45.20 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $8.85 billion, a PE ratio of 25.98 and a beta of 1.17. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $45.15 and its 200-day moving average price is $45.52. Sealed Air Corporation has a 12-month low of $41.74 and a 12-month high of $50.62. 





Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The industrial products company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $1.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.58 billion. Sealed Air Corporation had a return on equity of 85.72% and a net margin of 5.48%. The company’s revenue was up 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.50 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Sealed Air Corporation will post $1.79 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.42%. Sealed Air Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 36.99%. 
WARNING: “Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Buys 21 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (SEE)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/gateway-investment-advisers-llc-buys-21-shares-of-sealed-air-corporation-see.html. 
Several analysts have issued reports on SEE shares. UBS AG  set a $49.00 price target on Sealed Air Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $50.00 price target on Sealed Air Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price target on shares of Sealed Air Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded Sealed Air Corporation from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $53.00 to $50.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Sealed Air Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Sealed Air Corporation  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $48.91.
In related news, insider Jerome A. Peribere bought 6,960 shares of Sealed Air Corporation stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $42.97 per share, with a total value of $299,071.20. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 199,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,551,030. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Emile Z. Chammas bought 3,000 shares of Sealed Air Corporation stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $43.09 per share, with a total value of $129,270.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 148,077 shares in the company, valued at $6,380,637.93. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own  0.86% of the company’s stock. 
About Sealed Air Corporation
Sealed Air Corporation is engaged in food safety and security, facility hygiene and product protection business. The Company’s segments are Food Care, Diversey Care, Product Care and Other (includes Corporate, Medical Applications and New Ventures businesses). The Food Care segment focuses on providing a range of integrated system solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Sealed Air Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sealed Air Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 












































	Customised Solutions












         
        



You are currently viewing our website for South African Domiciled investors.


                    South African Domiciled Investor
                    
                        International/Non-South African Domiciled Investor
                    
Close







Disclaimer:

Please take note that the site you are about to access is intended for international institutional investors only and is not permitted for retail investors nor any South African institutional investors. The information contained on the site is for information purposes only and does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any particular investment. This website is expressly not intended for persons who, due to their nationality or place of residence, are not permitted access to such information under applicable law.
                    

Agree
Disagree



































South Africa



South Africa
International




LOGIN


















Old Mutual Home
Old Mutual Unit Trust
Old Mutual Investment Group
Old Mutual Health Solutions
iWYZE Valuable Insurance
Fairbairn Capital


Old Mutual Property
Private Wealth management




Funds



FIND A FUND:


ALL FUNDS
African Frontiers Fund
All Bond Index Fund
All Share Index Fund
Balanced Index Fund
Capital Builder Fund
Conservative Index Fund
Customised Managed Alpha Portfolio
Double Alpha SWIX 40 Portfolio
Double Alpha Top 40 Portfolio
Financial Sector Charter Fund
FTSE RAFI® All World Index Fund
Global Absolute Return Fund
Global Balanced Portfolio
Global Bond Portfolio
Global Currencies Portfolio
Global Emerging Market Local Debt Portfolio
Global Emerging Markets Portfolio
Global Equity Portfolio
Global Real Estate Portfolio
Housing Impact Fund South Africa
Inflation-Linked Bond Index Fund
Managed Alpha Equity Portfolio
Managed Volatility Portfolio
Medical Aid Portfolio
Mid & Small Cap Portfolio
Multi-Cap Equity Fund
Old Mutual Africa Private Equity Fund of Funds
Old Mutual African Frontiers Fund (For non-South African professional investors)
Old Mutual Albaraka Balanced Fund
Old Mutual Albaraka Equity Fund
Old Mutual Aristeia Opportunities QI Hedge Fund
Old Mutual Balanced Fund
Old Mutual Balanced Life Fund
Old Mutual Balanced Life Fund (With Guarantee)
Old Mutual Capital Builder Fund
Old Mutual Chronos QI Hedge Fund
Old Mutual Core Conservative Fund
Old Mutual Core Diversified Fund
Old Mutual Direct Property Fund
Old Mutual Dynamic Floor Fund
Old Mutual Edge 28 Life Fund
Old Mutual Equities: SWIX
Old Mutual Financial Services Fund
Old Mutual Flexible Fund
Old Mutual Flexible Life Fund
Old Mutual Global Bond Feeder Fund
Old Mutual Global Currency Feeder Fund
Old Mutual Global Emerging Market Fund
Old Mutual Global FTSE RAFI® All World Index Feeder Fund
Old Mutual Gold Fund
Old Mutual Growth Fund
Old Mutual High Yield Opportunity Fund
Old Mutual Industrial Fund
Old Mutual Investors' Fund
Old Mutual Managed Alpha Equity Fund
Old Mutual Managed Alpha QI Hedge Fund
Old Mutual Maximum Return Fund of Funds
Old Mutual Mid and Small-Cap Fund
Old Mutual Mining and Resources Fund
Old Mutual Moderate Balanced Fund
Old Mutual Multi-Manager Private Equity Fund of Funds 1
Old Mutual Multi-Manager Private Equity Fund of Funds 2
Old Mutual Multi-Manager Private Equity Fund of Funds 3
Old Mutual Premium Equity Fund
Old Mutual Private Equity Fund 1
Old Mutual Private Equity Fund 2
Old Mutual Private Equity Fund 3
Old Mutual RAFI® 40 Tracker Fund
Old Mutual Real Income Fund
Old Mutual SA Quoted Property Fund
Old Mutual Stable Growth Fund
Old Mutual Stable Growth Life Fund
Old Mutual Top 40 Fund
Old Mutual Top Companies Fund
Old Mutual Volatility Arbitrage QI Hedge Fund
Old Mutual Xtra Protected Life Fund
OMIGSA International Private Equity Fund of Funds
OMIGSA International Private Equity Fund of Funds II
Optimised World Active Life Fund
Optimised World Balanced Life Fund
Optimised World Defensive Life Fund
Optimised World High Growth Life Fund
Premium Equity Portfolio
Profile Balanced
Profile Capital
Profile Edge28
Profile Moderate
SA Corporate Real Estate Fund
SA Listed Property Index Fund
SA Quoted Property Portfolio
Schools and Education Investment Impact Fund of South Africa
SWIX Index Fund
Triangle Real Estate Core Fund
Wealth Defender Life Fund
Wealth Defender Portfolio



or



ALL MANDATE REGIONS
Africa
Global (SA & International)
International
Namibia
SADC
South Africa
Swaziland


ALL MANDATE CLASSES
Absolute Return
Alternative
Equity
Interest Bearing Assets
Multi-Asset Class
Property


ALL PRODUCT TYPES
Annuity Business
Debenture Trust Structure
Hedge Fund
Impact Fund
Infrastructure Capability
Irish VCC Sub-Fund
Life Product
Limited Partnership
MultiManager Product
Offshore Mutual Fund
Other Product
Pooled Capability
Private Equity Fund
Segregated Portfolio
Unit Trust





Must be a tracker fund




Must be SRI compliant




Must be Shariah












Our People



FIND A PERSON:

SELECT
ALL PEOPLE
Alida Jordaan, CFA
Andre Botha
Andrew Canter
Andries Debeila
Anelisa Balfour
Arthur Karas, CFA
Bivashen Naidoo, CFA
Bradley Kalil, CFA
Brian Pyle, CFA
Brishan Rowjee
Bryn Hatty, CFA
Burchert Johannes
Byron Eckersley
Carmen Gysman-Buys
Cavan Osborne
Christine Glover
Chumani Kula
Craig Chambers, CFA
Dafne Nienhuys
David Lumby 
De Wet Wessel
Denzil Burger
Doug Thomson
Duncan Vink
Dwayne Dippenaar, CFA
Erwin Bouland
Ettienne de Kock 
Evan Robins, CFA
Farhad Khan
Fawaz Fakier, CFA
Feroz Basa
Frank Sibiya
Gary Davids
Gavin MacNaughton
Gavin Wolmarans
Graham Bell, CFA
Graham Tucker, CFA
Grant Watson
Greg Coe
Hang-Wah Man
Hannelie Groenewald, CFA
Hanno Niehaus, CFA
Hywel George
Ian Mason
Ian Woodley, CFA
Ilse Zager
Izak Swanepoel, CFA
Jacci Myburgh
James Regout
Janina Slawski, CFA
Janine Jansen van Vuuren
Jason Sewanyana
Johann Els
John Gilchrist
John Orford
Jon Duncan
Jonathan Larcombe, CFA
Jonathan Westaway
Joseph Njoroge, CFA
Karin du Toit
Kathleen Danoher
Kayalethu Nodada
Kelly Joshua
Kenneth Mabebe 
Kevin French
Kgothatso Meka
Kingsley Williams
Lala Steyn
Lance Grayson
Lance Osburn, CFA
Larissa Brijlal, CFA
Leanne Micklewood, CFA
Leon Dykman
Leon Liebenberg
Lukholo Mlisana
Lungile Luvuno
Lynn Klaase
Maahir Jakoet
Mark Fairbrother
Masibulele Nocanda
Mbali Dayel
Meeta Gosai, FIA, CFA
Megan Davids
Melanie Vollenhoven
Merrelyn Diale
Meryl Pick
Michelle Erasmus
Miné van Wyk
Mnombo Kondile
Mobasheer Patel
Mohsin Cajee
Munnik Botha
Nabeel Laher, CFA
Nadia Sage
Nazeem Mohamed
Neelash Hansjee
Nelisiwe Nzama
Nicolette Joubert
Nuraan Manuel
Paul Boynton
Pearlene Govender
Peter Brooke
Peter Linley
Philip Short, CFA
Quintin February
Randolph Oosthuizen, CFA
Reza Fakie, CFA
Rian le Roux
Robert Lewenson
Saliegh Salaam, CFA
Sanaa Zarif
Sathyen Mahabeer
Shaila Desai
Shamiega Isaacs
Sharief Pansarey
Shariefa Parker
Shaun Harris, CFA
Shaun Williams
Siboniso Nxumalo
Stanley Bisho
Tanja Tippett, CFA
Tanya Goussard
Theo van der Veen
Theresa Delcarme
Thurston Goliath
Tinyiko Ngwenya
Tlhoni Komako
Tracy Brodziak, CFA
Trevor Abromowitz, CFA
Tsitsi Hatendi
Urvesh Desai, FIA, FASSA, CFA
Walter Tafangombe
Warren Jervis
Warren McLeod
Warren van der Westhuizen, CFA
Willem Van Der Merwe
Wium Malan, CFA
Zafroulah Hassiem
Zain Wilson, CFA
Ziyaad Parker, CFA



or



SELECT A BOUTIQUE:

Select
Alternative Investments
Customised Solutions
Global Emerging Markets
Liability Driven Investments
MacroSolutions
Old Mutual Equities
Specialised Finance
UFF African Agri Investments











Capabilities



LISTED ASSETS


Active Equity

Emerging Markets
Fundamental Equity
International Equity
Quantitative Equity
Uncorrelated Alpha



Indexation

Benchmark Indexation



Interest Bearing

International
South African







Multi-Asset Class

Risk Managed
Risk Profiled



Property

Listed



Shari'ah

Shari'ah Solutions



Solutions

Customised Solutions
Liability Driven Investments
Multi-Asset Class Solutions






ALTERNATIVE AND UNLISTED ASSETS


Agricultural


Credit


Development Funds


Hedge Funds


Impact Funds


Infrastructure


Private Equity









LISTED ASSETS




Active Equity

Emerging Markets
Fundamental Equity
International Equity
Quantitative Equity
Uncorrelated Alpha



Indexation

Benchmark Indexation



Interest Bearing

International
South African



Multi-Asset Class

Risk Managed
Risk Profiled



Property

Listed



Shari'ah

Shari'ah Solutions



Solutions

Customised Solutions
Liability Driven Investments
Multi-Asset Class Solutions







UNLISTED ASSETS




Agricultural


Credit


Development Funds


Hedge Funds


Impact Funds


Infrastructure


Private Equity












Boutiques



BOUTIQUES


Alternative Investments


Customised Solutions


Futuregrowth


Global Emerging Markets


Liability Driven Investments


MacroSolutions


Marriott


Old Mutual Equities


Specialised Finance


UFF African Agri Investments


View All Boutiques



 
 





Alternative Investments
Customised Solutions
Futuregrowth
Global Emerging Markets
Liability Driven Investments
MacroSolutions
Marriott
Old Mutual Equities
Specialised Finance
UFF African Agri Investments
View All Boutiques












Home


Media & Insights


Subscribe


About


Contact


Login







MORE






















 CUSTOMISED SOLUTIONS


 CUSTOMISED SOLUTIONS


 CUSTOMISED SOLUTIONS






















In Customised Solutions, we focus on partnering with clients and leveraging off our extensive skills and experience to create value-adding solutions that meet clients’ needs.





Capabilities
Our distinctive investment approach leverages off our unique market-leading skill set and experience and leads to performance that is generally more consistent than, and uncorrelated with, competitor offerings. 

VIEW





Why Invest With Us
We are market leaders in: Quantitative portfolio management, Alternative portfolio management. Indexation, Risk management and Shari’ah investing. 

VIEW





Our People
Our team has extensive and diverse investment experience in creating solutions that meets clients’ needs.  

VIEW





Our Philosophy
We believe that appropriate portfolio construction is the most critical part of long-term wealth creation. 

VIEW





Our Process
Our processes are characterised by portfolio managers taking full accountability for investment decisions within agreed portfolio parameters, and with a clear focus on portfolio construction. 

VIEW





Our Funds
Our fund range includes: Active Equity, Alternatives, Indexation, Risk Managed Solutions and Shari’ah Solutions.  

VIEW





Responsible Investment
We are committed to practising responsible ownership and subscribe to the Old Mutual Investment Group Responsible Investment Guidelines. 

VIEW





Related Insights
Our team shares more about their investment insights, research and opinions. 

VIEW





Legal
Customised Solutions legal information. 

VIEW





Contact Us
Contact details for Customised Solutions. 

VIEW






  CONTACT US  +27 21 509 5022 e-mail us  


Related articles



How data is changing investments  
        
Grant Watson and John Gilchrist discuss the power of data and how it is a critical part of an asset manager’s tool kit when it comes to spotting market opportunities 




Urgent confidence recovery vital for SA  
        
South Africa is at risk of getting trapped in a protracted period of weak economic growth and further social and fiscal pressures
























Indicators:27 Jul 16:53:

            
                    R/$:13.00
                    R/£:16.97
                    R/€:15.16Forex CalculatorOld Mutual Share Price:27 Jul 16:53:

            JHB:3336c 
            LDN:196.2GBp
            



Contact
Site Map
Boards of Directors
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer


Old Mutual Investment Group provides leading investment and saving solutions and is an authorised financial services provider
Physical Address: Mutual park, Jan Smuts Drive, Pinelands, 7405, South Africa 
This site has been optimized for Microsoft Internet Explorer 8      Copyright © 2013



























Ann (NYSE:ANN) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Ann Company Profile (NYSE:ANN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Ann (NYSE:ANN)
ANN INC., through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is a specialty retailer of women's apparel, shoes and accessories sold primarily under the Ann Taylor and LOFT brands. The Company operates in four segments: Ann Taylor, LOFT, Ann Taylor Factory and LOFT Outlet. The Company operates approximately 1,030 retail stores in 47 states of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Canada, comprising 245 Ann Taylor stores, 537 LOFT stores, 116 Ann Taylor Factory stores, 127 LOFT Outlet stores and five Lou & Grey stores. In addition, the Company's clients shop online in over 100 countries across the world at www.anntaylor.com and www.LOFT.com, and at three LOFT franchise locations in Mexico. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, AnnTaylor Distribution Services, Inc., owns its 256,000 square foot distribution center located in Louisville, Kentucky. The distribution center is located on approximately 29 acres. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Cyclical Consumer Goods & Services
Industry: Women's Apparel Retailers
Sub-Industry: Apparel Retail
Symbol: NYSE:ANN
CUSIP: 03562310
Web: www.anninc.com/

Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $46.00200 Day Moving Avg: $42.00


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 19.69P/E Growth: 0Dividend:Dividend Yield: 1.0%


Profitability:Net Margins: 2.27%Return on Equity: 10.25%Return on Assets: 5.10%

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Ann (NYSE:ANN)
What is Ann's stock symbol?

Ann trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "ANN."



How were Ann's earnings last quarter?

Ann Inc (NYSE:ANN) released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May, 22nd. The company reported $0.37 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.04. The firm earned $597.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $606.38 million. Ann had a return on equity of 10.25% and a net margin of 2.27%. The business's revenue for the quarter was up 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.33 earnings per share.  View Ann's Earnings History.



Who are some of Ann's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Ann include Bellway plc (BWY), Travis Perkins plc (TPK), B&M European Value Retail SA (BME), JD Sports Fashion PLC (JD), Inchcape plc (INCH), Dixons Carphone PLC (DC), UBM Plc (UBM), Polypore International (PPO), Howden Joinery Group Plc (HWDN), SSP Group PLC (SSPG), Daily Mail and General Trust P L C (DMGT), Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC (LCL), GVC Holdings PLC (GVC), Redrow plc (RDW), William Hill plc (WMH), Greene King plc (GNK), Sports Direct International Plc (SPD) and Ryland Group (RYL).



How do I buy Ann stock? 

Shares of Ann can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Ann's stock price today?

One share of Ann stock can currently be purchased for approximately $44.89.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Ann (NYSE ANN)Community Ranking:  2.3 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  236 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  269 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  505MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Ann and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Ann (NYSE:ANN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for Ann (NYSE:ANN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails11/1/2015KeyCorpDowngradeOverweightN/A(Data available from 7/27/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Ann (NYSE:ANN)Earnings History by Quarter for Ann (NYSE ANN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails5/22/2015Q115$0.33$0.37$606.38 million$597.70 millionViewListen3/13/2015Q414($0.03)$0.12$626.53 million$605.00 millionViewListen11/21/2014Q314$0.69$0.72$646.89 million$646.80 millionViewListen8/22/2014Q214$0.70$0.70$650.18 million$648.70 millionViewListen5/30/2014Q114$0.31$0.33$598.25 million$590.60 millionViewListen3/14/2014Q413$0.07$0.10$623.82 million$623.30 millionViewListen8/23/2013Q2 2013$0.65$0.76$639.38 million$638.20 millionViewN/A6/6/2013Q1 2013$0.42$0.44$581.99 million$574.50 millionViewListen3/8/2013Q4 2012$0.01$0.05$617.82 million$607.70 millionViewListen11/28/20120.76$0.76$612.50 millionViewListen8/17/2012$0.51$0.63ViewN/A5/18/2012$0.51$0.58ViewN/A3/9/2012$0.08$0.10ViewN/A11/18/2011$0.57$0.61ViewN/A8/19/2011$0.45$0.47ViewN/A5/20/2011$0.48$0.51ViewN/A3/11/2011$0.17$0.19ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Ann (NYSE:ANN)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.98 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.28 EPS


Dividends
Dividend History for Ann (NYSE:ANN)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Ann (NYSE:ANN)Insider Trades by Quarter for Ann (NYSE:ANN)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/11/2014Dale W HilpertDirectorSell16,875$39.86$672,637.50  12/6/2013Ronald HovsepianDirectorSell7,800$34.43$268,554.00  6/28/2013Gary MutoInsiderSell66,250$33.44$2,215,400.00  4/9/2013Ronald W HovsepianDirectorSell7,500$29.20$219,000.00  10/5/2012Daniel W YihDirectorBuy5,400$37.02$199,908.00  8/20/2012Gary MutoInsiderSell83,334$34.27$2,855,856.18  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Ann (NYSE:ANN)


Latest Headlines for Ann (NYSE:ANN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineRiverview Bancorp Announces Senior Management Promotionsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 27 at 10:20 AMCalifornia Water Service Group Announces Earnings for the Second Quarter 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 27 at 10:20 AMCorning (GLW) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - July 26 at 4:26 PMRiverview Bancorp Announces Retirement of Ron Wysaskefeeds.benzinga.com - July 26 at 3:24 PMNasdaq Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.38 Per Sharefeeds.benzinga.com - July 26 at 7:49 AMJumei Announces Resignation of Directorfeeds.benzinga.com - July 26 at 4:49 AMThe British economy grew as expected in the second quarter of 2017www.businessinsider.com - July 26 at 4:49 AMHavertys Announces Timing of Second Quarter Earnings Release and Investor Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 6:22 PMCelestica Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMWesco Aircraft Announces Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Release Date and Teleconferencefeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMWillbros Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Schedulefeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMFrequency Electronics Announces Year End Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Conference Call: Thursday, July 27, 2017, at 4:30 PM ETfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMPacira Pharmaceuticals Announces Timing for Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Webcast and Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMMaplewood International REIT Announces Filing of Results for the Second Quarter of 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 PMHawaiian Telcom Announces Earnings Date and Conference Call for Second Quarter 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 3:42 PMCTE Linked To Football: Largest Study Of Its Kind Finds 'Overwhelming Circumstantial Evidence'feeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 3:42 PMToast Announces $101 Million in Additional Fundingfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 12:32 PMTABB Group Announces "FinTech Festival" November 2feeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 11:02 AMDLH to Announce Third Quarter FY17 Financial Resultsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 8:17 AMTandy Leather Factory Schedules 2nd Quarter 2017 Earnings Announcement and Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 8:17 AMAbeona Therapeutics Announces Appointment of Juan Ruiz as Chief Medical Officerfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 8:17 AMSonoma Pharmaceuticals Announces Fiscal First Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 AMAffimed Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 5:16 AMGainey McKenna & Egleston Announces It Has Filed An Action Against Mallinckrodt Public Limited Companyfeeds.benzinga.com - July 25 at 1:10 AMBest CFOs 2017: Ann Clift of Foundation Communities finds collaboration keywww.bizjournals.com - July 24 at 11:16 PMAMG to Announce Second Quarter Results on July 31, 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 7:25 PMONE WEEK DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zoompass Holdings, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfeeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 7:25 PMRLH Corporation Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call to be Held August 3, 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 5:52 PMTrueCar to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 8feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 5:52 PMXtant Medical to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results on August 9th, 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 2:47 PMTabula Rasa HealthCare to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Operating Results and Host Conference Call on Monday, August 7, 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 11:59 AMNXP Announces Executive Management Transitionfeeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 7:38 AMGazit Globe Announces Date for Q2 2017 Results Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 6:02 AMIs Your Annual Bonus a Blessing or a Curse?www.fool.com - July 23 at 6:22 PMDEADLINE MONDAY: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Eco Science Solutions, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfeeds.benzinga.com - July 22 at 12:49 AMWPCS Announces Financial Results for Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2017feeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 8:35 PMPerformant Announces Passing of its Chief Financial Officerfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 5:32 PMImpac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Announces Live Webcast of its Annual Stockholders' Meetingfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 5:32 PMBlueLinx to Announce Second Quarter Financial Results on August 10thfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 11:49 AMCNRP Mining Inc. Announces LOI for Acquisition of X-SPRAYSfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 11:49 AMInnocoll Announcement Relating to the Outcome of the Court Sanction Hearingfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 9:16 AMSelect Bancorp Announces Definitive Agreement to Acquire Carolina Premier Bankfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 9:16 AMDucommun Announces Second Quarter Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 7:46 AMHusky Energy Announces Third Quarter 2017 Preferred Shares Dividend Paymentsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 21 at 7:46 AMRedwood Asset Management Inc. Announces July Distributionsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 8:55 PMComstock Mining Announces Notice of Second Quarter 2017 Results and Business Update Conference Callfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 8:55 PMOsprey Energy Acquisition Corp. Announces Pricing of $250,000,000 Initial Public Offeringfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 6:27 PMMitel to Announce Second Quarter Financial Results on Thursday, July 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 4:29 PMJULY 24 DEADLINE ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Eco Science Solutions, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 3:20 PMAlpha and Omega Semiconductor to Announce Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Financial Resultsfeeds.benzinga.com - July 20 at 3:20 PM


Social





Chart
Ann (ANN) Chart for Thursday, July, 27, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/27/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff




































































OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Parker-Hannifin Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Receives Buy Rating from Seaport Global Securities					

LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Range Resources Corporation (RRC) PT Lowered to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

PPG Industries, Inc. (NYSE:PPG) Price Target Increased to $115.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG					

Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Price Target Raised to $34.00 at Citigroup Inc.					

Heartland Express, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTLD) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Given New $8.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc.					

La Quinta Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LQ) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

Orix Corp Ads (IX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

KeyCorp’s (KEY) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Home BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:HOMB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies					

MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Downgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to “Neutral”					

Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDRX) Given “Hold” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies					

Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (HBIO) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms Buy Rating for Laureate Education Inc. (NASDAQ:LAUR)					

KB Financial Group Inc (NYSE:KB) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH)					

						 July 5th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. continued to hold its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd.’s holdings in Parker-Hannifin Corporation were worth $882,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC increased its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 0.3% in the first quarter. Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC now owns 3,043 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $488,000 after buying an additional 10 shares in the last quarter.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 4.6% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 844 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period.  Rehmann Capital Advisory Group increased its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 2.1% in the first quarter. Rehmann Capital Advisory Group now owns 1,821 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period.  Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 1.3% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,457 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $554,000 after buying an additional 43 shares during the period.  Finally, Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC increased its stake in  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 0.4% in the first quarter. Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC now owns 11,503 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,844,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 80.54% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE PH) opened at 161.22 on Wednesday. Parker-Hannifin Corporation has a 12-month low of $105.00 and a 12-month high of $166.60. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $157.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $153.79. The firm has a market cap of $21.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.49 and a beta of 1.40. 




Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.86 by $0.25. The firm had revenue of $3.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.03 billion. Parker-Hannifin Corporation had a return on equity of 22.14% and a net margin of 8.11%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.51 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Parker-Hannifin Corporation will post $7.91 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  posted by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/old-mutual-customised-solutions-proprietary-ltd-holds-position-in-parker-hannifin-corporation-ph/1415594.html. 
PH has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Credit Suisse Group  set a $169.00 price target on Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, April 10th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $175.00 price target on Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) initiated coverage on Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 price target for the company. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price target on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $161.13.
In other news, VP Robert W. Malone sold 793 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $159.36, for a total transaction of $126,372.48. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 11,549 shares in the company, valued at $1,840,448.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Robert W. Bond sold 12,490 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $161.78, for a total value of $2,020,632.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 21,563 shares of company stock worth $3,471,380 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own  2.73% of the company’s stock. 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation Company Profile
Parker-Hannifin Corporation is a manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a range of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The Company operates through segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. The Diversified Industrial Segment is an aggregation of several business units, which manufacture motion-control and fluid power system components for builders and users of various types of manufacturing, packaging, processing, transportation, agricultural, construction, and military vehicles and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH).



Receive News & Ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 


































































Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ball Corporation (BLL) to “Buy” - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Ball Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Kosmos Energy Ltd. (NYSE:KOS) Given a $8.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC					

Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) a $10.00 Price Target					

Insulet Corporation (NASDAQ:PODD) Earns “Hold” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Given a $95.00 Price Target at Stephens					

Maxim Group Analysts Give Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:BCLI) a $8.00 Price Target					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) PT Set at $5.00 by Maxim Group					

Northland Securities Reiterates “$7.00” Price Target for Bazaarvoice, Inc. (BV)					

Qualys, Inc. (NASDAQ:QLYS) Given a $48.00 Price Target at Northland Securities					

Synchrony Financial’s (SYF) Hold Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) PT Set at $180.00 by Cowen and Company					

Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (MBII) Given a $1.00 Price Target by Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts					

Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGI) PT Set at $13.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies					

Wells Fargo & Company Reiterates “$19.00” Price Target for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD)					

Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE:KMI) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc.					

Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (TEGP) PT Set at $28.00 by Scotiabank					

Delek Logistics Partners, L.P. (NYSE:DKL) Given a $33.00 Price Target at Scotiabank					

EQT Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:EQM) Given a $94.00 Price Target at Scotiabank					

Evolution Petroleum Corp (EPM) Given a $10.00 Price Target at Scotiabank					

Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) PT Set at $22.00 by Scotiabank					

Scotiabank Reiterates $26.00 Price Target for Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (NYSE:CQH)					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ball Corporation (BLL) to “Buy”					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report released on Wednesday. The firm presently has a $48.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s price objective suggests a potential upside of 13.15% from the company’s current price. 
According to Zacks, “Ball Corporation expects the performance of its aerospace business to improve in the second quarter 2017. In the second quarter, Ball Corporation expects that the food and aerosol segment will benefit from cost savings associated with the West Virginia metal service center closure and anticipated growth for aluminum aerosol products. Ball Corporation expects 2017 free cash flow to be in the range of $750–$850 million and capital spending of around $500 million. Ball Corporation remains on track with free cash flow, EVA dollar growth, earnings per share growth and cost savings targets for 2017. The company will benefit from optimizing its packaging, manufacturing, network and beverage food and aerosol; and improvement in aerospace business.”
A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on BLL. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $39.50 price target on shares of Ball Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $47.00 price objective (up previously from $44.00) on shares of Ball Corporation in a research report on Tuesday. BidaskClub upgraded Ball Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective (up previously from $47.00) on shares of Ball Corporation in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, ValuEngine lowered Ball Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the company. Ball Corporation presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $43.90.




Shares of Ball Corporation (BLL) traded down 0.12% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $42.37. The stock had a trading volume of 233,982 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $41.65 and its 200 day moving average price is $64.37. Ball Corporation has a 1-year low of $34.34 and a 1-year high of $42.87. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.53 and a beta of 0.96. 
Ball Corporation (NYSE:BLL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.34 by $0.04. Ball Corporation had a return on equity of 16.46% and a net margin of 4.59%. The business had revenue of $2.47 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.41 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.30 EPS. Ball Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 40.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Ball Corporation will post $2.15 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ball Corporation (BLL) to “Buy”” was first  reported by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-ball-corporation-bll-to-buy/1452792.html. 
In other news, COO Daniel William Fisher sold 1,000 shares of Ball Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.75, for a total transaction of $79,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 4,922 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $392,529.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director R David Hoover sold 22,000 shares of Ball Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.75, for a total transaction of $874,500.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 205,260 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,159,085. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 77,732 shares of company stock valued at $3,309,230 in the last ninety days. Insiders own  2.70% of the company’s stock. 
A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of BLL. Cleararc Capital Inc. raised its position in shares of  Ball Corporation by 0.9% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 4,297 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $319,000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the last quarter.  Fifth Third Bancorp raised its position in shares of  Ball Corporation by 2.1% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 3,646 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $271,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter.  Creative Planning raised its position in shares of  Ball Corporation by 3.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,720 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the last quarter.  HCR Wealth Advisors raised its position in shares of  Ball Corporation by 2.1% in the first quarter. HCR Wealth Advisors now owns 4,902 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $344,000 after buying an additional 101 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, HighTower Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  Ball Corporation by 0.8% in the first quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 14,201 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,055,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. 43.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
Ball Corporation Company Profile
Ball Corporation is a supplier of metal packaging to the beverage, food, personal care and household products industries. The Company’s packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world. Its segments include beverage packaging, North and Central America; beverage packaging, South America; beverage packaging, Europe; food and aerosol packaging; aerospace, and other.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ball Corporation (BLL)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com



Receive News & Ratings for Ball Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Corporation and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Nicole Kennedy 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 

















































Bunge Limited (BG) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Bunge Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Pinnacle Bankshares Corp. (OTCMKTS:PPBN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday					

Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP) Given “Buy” Rating at Scotiabank					

HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Receives Sell Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada					

Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for El Paso Electric Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NYSE:EE)					

Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday					

Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) Sets New 1-Year High at $127.15					

Synchrony Financial (SYF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets					

Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Criteo S.A. Issued By SunTrust Banks (CRTO)					

Wintrust Financial Corporation (WTFC) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.07 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts					

SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Global Payments Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPN)					

Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Synovus Financial Corp. (SNV) Boosted by Jefferies Group					

Harley-Davidson, Inc. (NYSE:HOG) Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share					

Royal Bank Of Canada Analysts Give Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) a $88.00 Price Target					

Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets					

Yelp Inc. (YELP) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Morgan Stanley					

Klondex Mines Ltd (NASDAQ:KLDX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE:ATO) Sets New 12-Month High at $85.87					

Research Analysts Set Expectations for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:CP)					





 





						Bunge Limited (BG) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










Bunge Limited (NYSE:BG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a $84.00 price objective on the basic materials company’s stock. Piper Jaffray Companies’ price target points to a potential upside of 5.49% from the stock’s current price.
Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Bunge Limited from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG  set a $90.00 target price on Bunge Limited and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge Limited in a research report on Friday, May 5th. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised Bunge Limited from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, BidaskClub raised Bunge Limited from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $84.50.
Shares of Bunge Limited (BG) opened at 79.63 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $11.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.13 and a beta of 1.01. Bunge Limited has a 52-week low of $58.19 and a 52-week high of $83.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $77.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $75.68. 




Bunge Limited (NYSE:BG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge Limited had a net margin of 1.23% and a return on equity of 8.03%. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.96 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.41 EPS. Bunge Limited’s revenue was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Bunge Limited will post $4.65 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bunge Limited (BG) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies” was first  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/bunge-limited-bg-rating-reiterated-by-piper-jaffray-companies.html. 
A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of BG. DnB Asset Management AS increased its position in shares of  Bunge Limited by 1.7% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 414,253 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $32,834,000 after buying an additional 7,100 shares in the last quarter.  CGOV Asset Management increased its position in shares of  Bunge Limited by 11.7% in the first quarter. CGOV Asset Management now owns 18,650 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,969,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares in the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Bunge Limited by 655.2% in the first quarter. Americafirst Capital Management LLC now owns 23,594 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,870,000 after buying an additional 20,470 shares in the last quarter.  Fox Run Management L.L.C. increased its position in shares of  Bunge Limited by 78.0% in the first quarter. Fox Run Management L.L.C. now owns 14,600 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,157,000 after buying an additional 6,400 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Atria Investments LLC increased its position in shares of  Bunge Limited by 6.3% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 3,428 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 202 shares in the last quarter. 80.68% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Bunge Limited Company Profile
Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products.






Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































