




PAUL OLIVIER - JEANERETTE, LA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



JEANERETTE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            PAUL OLIVIER
                                    



 





















P 


PAUL OLIVIER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5913 E ADMIRAL DOYLE DR JEANERETTE, LA 70544
Get Directions



(337) 364-3705





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $68,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts PAUL OLIVIER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Les QUATRE AGES by Olivier Paul-Antoine (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Les QUATRE AGES
                


By Olivier Paul-Antoine 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 76 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $5.61
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

Ce recueil de poésie est une invitation à s'interroger sur la place de l'homme au sein de mondes qui passent avec ou sans lui.
Alors embarquez pour ce voyage poétique à la rencontre d'horizons tour à tour insolites, chimériques, chaotiques... Et revenez enfin de ces confins incertains, peut-être tout simplement différent.








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

ISBN
    9781326519735

Copyright
        Olivier PAUL-ANTOINE (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
OPA
Publisher
Olivier PAUL-ANTOINE
Published
    February 28, 2016

Language
French
Pages
76
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.24 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        4.25 wide x 6.88 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/olivier-paul-antoine/les-quatre-ages/paperback/product-22585247.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

âges,                végétaux,                animaux,                humain,                étoiles 
Listed In

 Poetry


More From     
                                Olivier Paul-Antoine                    










                        Opus Lyrique
            

By Olivier Paul-Antoine 

            Paperback:        

$7.90







                                    Récital...
                    

By Olivier Paul-Antoine 

            Paperback:        

$6.33







                        Concert de mots (2)
            

By Olivier Paul-Antoine 

            Paperback:        

$7.69







                                    Poésie...
                    

By Olivier Paul-Antoine 

            Paperback:        

$27.73







                        Concert de mots
            

By Olivier Paul-Antoine 

            Paperback:        

$9.62
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok










            Olivier Paul | 5TH SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE SUMMIT
    
























 

 
















1
2
3





5TH SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE SUMMIT




                Registered User? Login



Here you will be able to find out more about guests of the event, arrange meetings and share your thoughts with the Event's Community!

Sign Up Using LinkedIn

Or Sign Up with
                        Email



                        We recommend signing up with LinkedIn to maximize your experience
Why?




You WILL be able to connect on LinkedIn with other attendees.
You WILL be able to see events your connections are attending.
You WILL save time when creating your profile.
We WILL NOT access your messages or post anything without your permission.









Forgot Password?

Sign Up







                New User? Sign Up


Login Using LinkedIn


                        Or
                    






Forgot Password?

Login






We will never post anything on your behalf without your explicit permission













Olivier Paul
Head of Policy
ICC Banking Commission













Bio
Olivier started his career in the banking industry more than 30 years ago with BNP Paribas. After 10 years in corporate banking, he joined the export finance business line where he spent 15 years, becoming the global head of the activity during 6 years until end-2012. He then moved to trade finance for the last 4 years, where he was Head of the Trade Finance Competence Center, in charge of strategy, product development, product policy and regulation for the global activity at group level.
Olivier has been a member of the ICC Banking Commission, its Advisory Board, and an active contributor to the work of ICC France.
Beside, Olivier is member of the Business Finance Committee of the European Banking Federation and is “Conseiller du Commerce Exterieur de la France” (CCE)
 
Joining ICC last December, Olivier will lead the Banking Commission in the Department of Policy and Business Practices














































            Olivier Paul | 5TH SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE SUMMIT
    
























 

 
















1
2
3





5TH SUPPLY CHAIN FINANCE SUMMIT




                Registered User? Login



Here you will be able to find out more about guests of the event, arrange meetings and share your thoughts with the Event's Community!

Sign Up Using LinkedIn

Or Sign Up with
                        Email



                        We recommend signing up with LinkedIn to maximize your experience
Why?




You WILL be able to connect on LinkedIn with other attendees.
You WILL be able to see events your connections are attending.
You WILL save time when creating your profile.
We WILL NOT access your messages or post anything without your permission.









Forgot Password?

Sign Up







                New User? Sign Up


Login Using LinkedIn


                        Or
                    






Forgot Password?

Login






We will never post anything on your behalf without your explicit permission













Olivier Paul
Head of Policy
ICC Banking Commission













Bio
Olivier started his career in the banking industry more than 30 years ago with BNP Paribas. After 10 years in corporate banking, he joined the export finance business line where he spent 15 years, becoming the global head of the activity during 6 years until end-2012. He then moved to trade finance for the last 4 years, where he was Head of the Trade Finance Competence Center, in charge of strategy, product development, product policy and regulation for the global activity at group level.
Olivier has been a member of the ICC Banking Commission, its Advisory Board, and an active contributor to the work of ICC France.
Beside, Olivier is member of the Business Finance Committee of the European Banking Federation and is “Conseiller du Commerce Exterieur de la France” (CCE)
 
Joining ICC last December, Olivier will lead the Banking Commission in the Department of Policy and Business Practices













































Moulis Framed Art Print by Olivier Paul at Art.com













































 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

800-952-5592


 Live Chat
Open Chat Window



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.








Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ's
Track Your Order
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Certificates



















































TrueHome / Shop /  Olivier Paul / Item# 13986540446AOlivier Paul5439112MoulisThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Olivier Paul22" x 22" Framed Art Print$209.99Ships in 3-5 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYNeed help? Chat nowFramed Art Print22" x 22"Product DetailsAbout the ArtRead MoreItem# 13986540446ALive Chat. Click here for assistance.100% Satisfaction Guaranteed | Order by phone: 22" x 22" Framed Art Print$209.99Ships in 3-5 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct DetailsProduct DetailsAbout the ArtRead MoreItem# 13986540446AReviewsGuarantee & ReturnsBackDetailsReviewsCommentsProduct description not availableThere are no customer reviews yet100% Satisfaction GuaranteeWe are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. Learn MoreRelated CategoriesRelated CategoriesOlivier PaulDecorate Your RestaurantWineDecorate Your BusinessDecorate by ThemeGalleries with this productTrueHome / Shop /  Olivier Paul / Item# 13986540446AOlivier Paul5439112MoulisThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Olivier Paul22" x 22" Framed Art Print$209.99Ships in 3-5 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct Details










Order Toll Free

800-952-5592

International

France
United Kingdom

BUSINESS SALES

1-866-303-3780
Offices
Hospitality
Healthcare
Designers and Architects



Customer Service

Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Cards
FAQs



About Art.com

Our Company
Careers
Business & Trade Sales
Affiliate Program
Shop Our Catalog
ART.COM BLOG
MUSEUM SHOPS



My Account

Access My Account
Track My Order




Sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration


Please enter a valid email address













Follow Us












































© Art.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Art.com, You+Art, and Photos [to] Art are trademarks or registered trademarks of Art.com Inc.
Various aspects of this website are covered by issued US patent No. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.






























Moulis Premium Giclee Print by Olivier Paul at Art.com













































 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

800-952-5592


 Live Chat
Open Chat Window



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.








Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ's
Track Your Order
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Certificates



















































TrueHome / Shop /  Olivier Paul / Item# 13476497526AOlivier Paul5439112MoulisThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Olivier PaulPrintRecommended FramesCustom FramesFrameSize:19.5" x 19.5" [14.5" x 14.5" without border]Print type:Premium Giclee Print 19.5" x 19.5" Premium Giclee Print14.5" x 14.5" without border$74.99$37.49Ships in 2-3 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYNeed help? Chat nowAn upgrade from the standard giclée print, this exceptional art print features thick watercolor paper (310 gsm) made from alpha cellulous wood pulp that is acid and lignin free. The print is created using a sophisticated and patented digital printing process known as “giclée,” from the French “to spray." Using the highest levels of precision available, the process delivers a fine stream of ink to saturate the paper's fibers, resulting in pure, rich color and realistic detail that is favored by museums and galleries around the world.More about this product19.5" x 19.5" Premium Giclee Print14.5" x 14.5" without border$74.99$37.49Ships in 2-3 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct DetailsProduct DetailsAn upgrade from the standard giclée print, this exceptional art print features thick watercolor paper (310 gsm) made from alpha cellulous wood pulp that is acid and lignin free. The print is created using a sophisticated and patented digital printing process known as “giclée,” from the French “to spray." Using the highest levels of precision available, the process delivers a fine stream of ink to saturate the paper's fibers, resulting in pure, rich color and realistic detail that is favored by museums and galleries around the world.About the ArtRead MoreItem# 13476497526AReviewsGuarantee & ReturnsBackDetailsReviewsCommentsProduct DetailsAn upgrade from the standard giclée print, this exceptional art print features thick watercolor paper (310 gsm) made from alpha cellulous wood pulp that is acid and lignin free. The print is created using a sophisticated and patented digital printing process known as “giclée,” from the French “to spray." Using the highest levels of precision available, the process delivers a fine stream of ink to saturate the paper's fibers, resulting in pure, rich color and realistic detail that is favored by museums and galleries around the world.About the ArtRead MoreItem# 13476497526AThere are no customer reviews yet100% Satisfaction GuaranteeWe are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. Learn MoreRelated CategoriesRelated CategoriesOlivier PaulRed WineDecorate Your RestaurantDecorate Your BusinessFoodDecorate by ThemeGalleries with this productTrueHome / Shop /  Olivier Paul / Item# 13476497526AOlivier Paul5439112MoulisThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Olivier Paul19.5" x 19.5" Premium Giclee Print14.5" x 14.5" without border$74.99$37.49Ships in 2-3 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct Details










Order Toll Free

800-952-5592

International

France
United Kingdom

BUSINESS SALES

1-866-303-3780
Offices
Hospitality
Healthcare
Designers and Architects



Customer Service

Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Cards
FAQs



About Art.com

Our Company
Careers
Business & Trade Sales
Affiliate Program
Shop Our Catalog
ART.COM BLOG
MUSEUM SHOPS



My Account

Access My Account
Track My Order




Sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration


Please enter a valid email address













Follow Us












































© Art.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Art.com, You+Art, and Photos [to] Art are trademarks or registered trademarks of Art.com Inc.
Various aspects of this website are covered by issued US patent No. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.

































	Bioconversion – Dr. Paul Olivier | Black Soldier Fly Blog






















 













Black Soldier Fly Blog

Bio-Composting with Black Soldier Fly Larvae – Fascinating, Responsible and Rewarding










 Join The Conversation On Our BSF ForumD-I-Y BSF Bioconversion Units • Submersible BSF Bin - could this work?Cultivation • Indoor Breeding with ArduinoCultivation • White phase crawl out?









Bioconversion – Dr. Paul Olivier










UTILIZING LOWER LIFE FORMS FOR THE BIOCONVERSION OF PUTRESCENT WASTE
…and how this could dramatically reduce carbon emissions
.
By Dr. Paul A. Olivier
.
The agent chosen for this bioconversion process is the larva of the black soldier fly (BSF), Hermetia illucens. This species of fly is indigenous to the whole of the Americas, from the southern tip of Argentina to Boston and Seattle.

Unlike many other flies, BSF adults do not go into houses, they do not have functional mouth parts, they do not eat waste, they do not come into contact with waste, they do not regurgitate on human food, and consequently, they are not associated in any way with the transmission of disease. They do not bite, bother or pester humans in any way.

The basic bioconversion numbers associated with this process are quite incredible, and they are backed up and confirmed by many decades of intensive research in America, Australia and Asia. Each day BSF larvae can digest over 15 kilograms of putrescent waste per square meter of feeding surface area (3 lbs/ft2). In the case of putrescent waste of a low cellulosic content, we also witness a reduction in weight and volume that reaches as high as 95%, and under normal conditions, all of this takes place within a period of less than 24 hours. Finally, in the case of rich substrates such as food waste or pig waste, we see that 20% by weight of the fresh waste bio-converts into fresh larvae.
Thousands upon thousands of active larvae can be found in a putrescent waste disposal unit, and in contrast to red worms, these larvae have the ability to eat and digest just about any type of fresh putrescent waste, including meat and dairy products. The moment the waste is deposited into the unit, the larvae begin to eat it long before it begins to rot and smell. But the larvae, nonetheless, do give off a distinctive odor (not offensive to humans) that drives away houseflies and all other flies that are a pest to humans.
After reaching maturity BSF larvae will crawl long distances in search of an ideal pupation site. Prepupal migration initially appears to be a random search for a way out of the waste. If a ramp of an upward inclination lies at the edge of the waste, the larvae will make every effort to climb up this ramp. If, at the summit of the ramp, an exit hole is provided, the larvae will fall neatly and cleanly right into a collection bucket.
Note that BSF larvae are totally self-harvesting. They abandon the waste only when they have reached their final mature prepupal stage, and they crawl out of the waste and into a collection bucket without any mechanical or human intervention.

BSF bioconversion units (called biopods) are now being manufactured in a medium density polyethylene that lasts indefinitely. A nominal 2-foot diameter biopod (depicted above), weighing only 14 lbs (6.4 kg), can process over a metric ton of putrescent waste per year. A nominal 4-foot diameter biopod, weighing about 40 lbs (18 kg), can process well over five metric tons of putrescent waste per year.
Therefore, why should we go on collecting and land-filling food waste? Why should we allow manure to accumulate on farms in unmanageable proportions? Why do we compromise the health of birds and animals by raising them in close proximity to their waste? Why do we go on pumping these creatures with antibiotics? Why do we eat the flesh of birds and animals grown under such wretched conditions?
All of this becomes even more nonsensical when we consider the value of BSF larvae. BSF larvae have a dry matter content of almost 50%, and this dry matter is incredibly rich in nutrients. It has a protein content of 42% and a fat content of 34%. It has roughly the same value as Menhaden fish meal valued at over $1,200 US dollars per ton.
Of course BSF larvae emit a small amount of CO2 as they eat and digest putrescent waste, but such an amount of CO2 is negligible relative to what happens when putrescent waste is dumped in landfills or accumulates in lagoons. BSF larvae begin eating putrescent waste the minute it is made available to them, long before anaerobic or even aerobic bacteria have an opportunity to degrade it.
Not only do BSF larvae prevent anaerobic bacteria from transforming waste into methane, but they also prevent the huge release of CO2 that mesophilic or thermophilic bacteria would generate if the waste were composted. Furthermore BSF bioconversion generates far less CO2 than even vermi-composting seen as an isolated process, since red worms do not eat fresh putrescent waste but depend upon bacteria to do an initial breakdown of waste. This initial degradation of waste by bacteria releases large amounts of CO2 into the environment and consequently is far from ideal.
However when larval bioconversion precedes vermi-composting, nothing could be more efficient. The larvae capture nutrients long before bacteria have had a chance to degrade them, and the non-putrescent BSF residue constitutes an ideal substrate for red worms. Recent studies in Asia indicate that BSF residue allows red worms to grow three to five times faster than when fed fresh putrescent waste. Not only do the proteins and fats made available in the larvae and red worms rival in quality those of the finest fish meal, but they also represent the most efficient extraction and conservation of nutrients and energy to be found anywhere within the natural world.
By allowing BSF larvae and red worms to extract proteins and fats from our waste, we do not have to turn to our oceans and farmlands to obtain these nutrients. When we consider the enormous energy expended in fishing and agriculture, the utilization of these lower life forms becomes an irresistible option to anyone seriously concerned about reducing carbon emissions.
But the story does not end here. When red worm castings are made available to a plant as fertilizer, the plant will require far less nitrogen derived from fossil fuels and far less phosphorous extracted from phosphorous-bearing rocks (an energy intensive process). Most nitrogen fertilizers are derived from natural gas, and world reserves of phosphorous are rapidly dwindling and increasingly contaminated with pollutants such as cadmium.
We talk a lot about sustainability, but we will never relate to nature in a sustainable manner until we give back to nature in a closed loop all of the nutrients that she needs to sustain us. Capturing all of the nutrients in our waste and making these nutrients available to the life processes that support us is surely our first and most important obligation as citizens of plant Earth.
Likewise, we talk a lot about reducing carbon emissions. But until we learn to utilize lower life forms to recycle putrescent waste, any attempt to achieve significant reductions in carbon emissions will always fall short.
dr. paul olivier





			12 thoughts on “Bioconversion – Dr. Paul Olivier”		




Otto DikAugust 10, 2009 at 9:50 pmPermalink 

I would like to know how to make a large BSF trap,can anyone email me the knowhow PLEASE,
Otto






Charles BeatyOctober 4, 2009 at 11:02 amPermalink 

This wonderful insect took up residence under my chicken coops a few years ago in South Carolina.  I was absolutely amazed.  Feathers, dropped feed, all waste was digested immediately.  When a feather, for example, dropped from the cage, the ground would start moving around it and it would totally disappear.  There was absolutely no odor.  I talked to the local agriculture department about spreading the word, but they weren’t interested.  This is an amazing way to recycle.  I’m glad it’s getting some press.




Pingback: Black Soldier Fly Composting - Science Forums 




KatherineAugust 25, 2012 at 3:20 pmPermalink 

I believe that I’ve discovered some black soldier fly larvae today. We’ve had a couple bags of “Black Hen” (100% chicken manure) sitting in front of our garage for the past few weeks. We have a garden out back and I had been putting off doing the work for a while. My mom made me get out there today, I found larvae in the bags. There must have been a few hundred. I searched up their description to make sure they wouldn’t be harmful to my garden, and I believe that they ARE black soldier flies. I’d like to create a compost bin like I’ve read about on the site. Do you have a diagram or tutorial on how to make one?






Mike aka BWAugust 27, 2012 at 4:54 pmPermalink 

Hi Katherine. There’s a good tutorial with videos for Jerry’s bucket bin at this link:
http://blacksoldierflyblog.com/bsf-bucket-composter-version-2-1/
If you’d prefer to work with wood Tarvus has a design you might like at this link:
http://blacksoldierflyblog.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=16&t=85






DevonSeptember 9, 2012 at 3:13 pmPermalink 

I have what I hoped to be a compost bin out on my balcony. We’ve been putting tons of fresh veggie and fruit cuttings in there and not really so much dry stuff. I am waiting for the leaves to start falling. Today I noticed it is infested with what looks like these BSF larvae. If I add dry leaves, will this ever turn into soil? Should I try to find a way to catch these little guys if they decide to bail the bin? What should I do with them? I don’t really have a yard, but a handful of plants on the balcony. I’m afraid I will end up with a ton of stuff or bugs I don’t know what to do with. Any suggestions?






K.B. OoiNovember 30, 2012 at 1:22 amPermalink 

Dear Dr. Oliver, I would like to know is it possible to use the BSF on human waste or as what people had siad BSF toilet?  In Malaysia, we have about 688 villages using individual septic tank which is not very hygenic.   I believe something must be done to get rid of this waste.   I think the BSF is the best way.   If it can be done, I’ll try to pursuade the Housing Ministry to change the present system to this system.
Thanks.
K.B. Ooi
Chairman
Technology Association Malaysia Perak Branch.






K.B. OoiNovember 30, 2012 at 1:24 amPermalink 

I understand you had done with the BSF system in Combodia successfully trhough Dr. Tan C.K. of UTAR Kampar.Would  like to know more about your work in Combodia.   Regards.






JerryPost authorNovember 30, 2012 at 10:12 amPermalink 

Hi K.B.,
I am not Dr. Olivier. I’m not certain what he’s involved in currently but perhaps a web search will find him. Good luck.








Mike aka BWNovember 30, 2012 at 8:13 pmPermalink 

KB
Have a look at http://www.esrla.com/ 
His email and phone number are shown at the bottom of that page.




Pingback: Missin’ my Crew | www.urban-ag-solutions.com 


Pingback: permaculture Bioconversion – Dr. Paul Olivier | Black Soldier Fly Blog | Permaculture Blog 


Comments are closed.




 
 
BSF pages 
About This Blog
Black Soldier Fly Project
Black Soldier Fly, White Magic
BSF as fish bait
BSF Basics
BSF photo gallery
BSF questions and answers
BSF random observations
BSF reference page
BSF Video Gallery
Contact us

Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
Black Soldier Fly info

BioSystems Design Weblog
Bug Guide.net
Wikipedia BSF entry


Blogroll

Agricultural Innovations, Inc.
Florida Native Plant Society – Pawpaw chapter
OP Backyard Homesteading
permatechie
Purple Cow Festival
Red Worm Composting
The Modern Homestead
The Unconventional Farmer
Worm Composting Headquarters


BSF sites

Boreal Wormer's BSFL Composting
Urban Feed Co


 

 









 













































    The Olivier Single Monk Strap - Chocolate – Paul Evans
  
































































My Cart



        Close
    










Free Shipping & Returns | REWARDS BALANCE (0 POINTS)






















USD
CAD
GBP
EUR
AUD
SGD




USD
CAD
GBP
EUR
AUD
SGD



Account



My Cart
                       
0
                       $0.00








USD
CAD
GBP
EUR
AUD
SGD

Account

Menu


My Cart
       
0



















                  Step Up Your Shoe Game!
                  

                  Enter your email below to receive back-in-stock updates and new product announcements. Discover direct-to-consumer luxury men's footwear from Paul Evans.
                  


                      Email
                    





No Thanks. Continue Shopping








Thank you for signing up

              Check your email for the latest in back-in-stock updates and new product announcements
              

              Continue Shopping
              























The Olivier Single Monk Strap - Chocolate
































































































$365.00 $515.00








Sole:
Leather
Rubber






Color

 NERO
 CHOCOLATE
 MARRONE
 OXBLOOD
 CACAO




Need sizing help?


Find out your correct Paul Evans shoe size








I don't know







»


Order  size 
Select a different size




Size



        
        6
      


        
        6.5
      


        
        7
      


        
        7.5
      


        
        8
      


        
        8.5
      


        
        9
      


        
        9.5
      


        
        10
      


        
        10.5
      


        
        11
      


        
        11.5
      


        
        12
      


        
        13
      




Size

6 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
6.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
7 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
7.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
8 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
8.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
9 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
9.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
10 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
10.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
11 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
11.5 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
12 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00
13 / REGULAR WIDTH (D/M) - $365.00




Quantity



This size is currently out of stock. Learn More


×
ITEM OUT OF STOCK? PRE-ORDER NOW

• If an item is sold out, we may choose to make it available for a pre-order, designated by the PRE-ORDER button on the product page. After completing the purchase process online, we'll confirm via email that you are aware the item is out of stock and that you placed a pre-order.
• A pre-order requires upfront payment in order to be placed on our pre-order list. As soon as your order arrives at our distribution center, we will quickly ship your order prior to making our the products available to the general public. We highly recommend pre-orders as it is the best way to obtain our shoes.
• Generally pre-orders are fulfilled in 3 - 5 months, depending on which shoe style you order and if we will have future availability. Due to demand, we cannot guarantee fulfillment of pre-orders from the most immediate shoe shipment we will be receiving.
• We highly recommend placing a pre-order if an item is sold out. This is the best way to get our shoes. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we continue to build out our inventory!
NOTE: Pre-orders are subject to delays due to the handcrafted nature of high-quality handmade Italian leather goods and must be paid for in advance in order to be placed on the pre-order list. 




PRE ORDER NOW!Estimated Delivery: 


Quick Checkout



Pre-Order today and get 10% back
You pay the full amount at checkout and receive a 10% rebate via original payment method after your order has shipped.
















Our single monk strap exudes elegance with its sleek lines and stylish buckle.
The Olivier will quickly prove itself as one of the most stylish members of your shoe collection. Get yours today. 
Don't see your size? No worries! This item is available for pre-order. Don't miss out. Reserve your pair today.


Runs full size large (order full size down from regular US dress shoe size). For example, if you normally wear a size US 10 dress shoe, order a size 9
Alternatively, order one and a half sizes below your Brannock device measurement. For example, if you measure a 10 on the Brannock, order a size 8.5
Full-grain Italian calfskin leather upper
Matching leather sole
Leather lining
Blake construction
Painted by hand
Handmade in Italy

We offer free international shipping and free US returns and exchanges.

Need sizing help? Have a question? Click here to view our FAQs!




Share:
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest



              
               
              
           


Customer Support
If you have any questions please don't hestiate to email us. We're here to help!
Free Delivery and Return
We offer free domestic shipping and returns + 365 day return policy. Please click here for additional information.
Payment
We accept the following payment methods


























Recently Viewed Products

Recently Viewed Products













SEARCH THIS STORE













 TOP












8919010765




















	Olivier Paul Posters at AllPosters.com





   






 



 

 
























 

 

 

 







 

 
   Home/Art/Artists/Artists by Name/P/Paul, Olivier    Olivier Paul(6 items)Itemitems       Narrow Your Results       Clear All Filters Size - + Clear Popular Sizes         Exact Size   in. in.      
                    Width:   
                    Height:    shape - + Clear Popular Shapes      ALL     Square    Color - + Clear Popular colors      ALL     Brown     Neutral     Narrow by :    /~/switchart/ http://cache1.allpostersimages.com/images/INTL/allposters/com/gallerypage/SwitchartUS_burst.jpg         The Olivier Paul  category contains 6 items Shop By Product Types      Prints       Framed Art     
            Sort by:  
        Best Seller   
                Best Seller SortbyBestSeller 
                Width (Narrow to Wide)  SortbyWidth 
                Width (Wide to Narrow) SortbyWidth 
                Height (Short to Tall) SortbyHeight 
                Height (Tall to Short) SortbyHeight 
                Price (Low to High) SortbyPrice 
                Price (High to Low) SortbyPrice 
                Newest SortbyNewestFalse 
            Views:      
    Pages   
                Color:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Brown 110209 
                    Neutral 110208   
                Shape:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Square 110199   
                Size:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Medium 110182   
                Remove Filters #ffffff#000000                Larmande Premium Giclee Print - 19.5 x 19.5 in Premium Giclee Print 1 19.5 x 19.5 in   Olivier Paul 
                $74.99   $74.99 
                         Usually ships in 2-3 days                    Monbrison Premium Giclee Print - 19.5 x 19.5 in Premium Giclee Print 1 19.5 x 19.5 in   Olivier Paul 
                $74.99   $74.99 
                         Usually ships in 2-3 days                    Moulis Premium Giclee Print - 19.5 x 19.5 in Premium Giclee Print 1 19.5 x 19.5 in   Olivier Paul 
                $74.99   $74.99 
                         Usually ships in 2-3 days                    Lynch Premium Giclee Print - 19.5 x 19.5 in Premium Giclee Print 1 19.5 x 19.5 in   Olivier Paul 
                $74.99   $74.99 
                         Usually ships in 2-3 days                    Moulis Framed Art Print - 22 x 22 in Framed Art Print 4 22 x 22 in   Olivier Paul 
                $209.99  Was $209.99   $125.99 
                         Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Lynch Framed Art Print - 22 x 22 in Framed Art Print 4 22 x 22 in   Olivier Paul 
                $209.99  Was $209.99   $125.99 
                         Usually ships in 3-5 Days       Close + more product detailsBy:  See it Framed save to favorites add to cart   Ship TimeShip time indicates the typical number of business days it takes for your item(s) to leave our facilities but does not include transit time from our facilities to the final destination.Orders that contain multiple items with different ship times will be shipped out based on the item with the longest ship time.Please note:  Ship time is determined based on the method of payment chosen.This item cannot be framedLearn More Choose your size   Size Type Usually ships in Price      Add to Cart   Images:  
            36 
                12 
                24 
                36 
                48
    Pages    Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36False127.0.0.1www.allposters.com11US2AD7479C101704FA5BC73E221E025DC4FUSD%248401USD1cat=153157&search=153157&c=c&=%2c&gt=st&title=Olivier-Paul-Posters&N=153157+2153157&CatID=153157&No=0&cid=AD7479C101704FA5BC73E221E025DC4F&authtoken=0c82d12c6bac44ff81ff2621a1d2c0ae&profileurl=%2fme%2fwkeqit-owqgpfyqfpya3fq2%2f&accounttype=1&accountid=5458598570&Ns=P_SiteRank&Ntk=All&WT.cg_n=Gallery+BrowseTrue 











×
Get in on the good stuff



Please enter a valid email address.











Sign up now to get your exclusive discount.Email subscribers receive up to 40% off.








×
PSSST...
WANT TO SAVE 40%?



Please enter a valid email address.












No thanks. I don't like savings.



falseFilter



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Search for 
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip

















