



Ominto is a Global Leader in Cash Back Shopping






































 
Ominto is a global leader in Cash Back shopping. Its shopping platform delivers customized deals, coupons and Cash Back earnings to a global community of shoppers on its Partner Program websites, DubLi.com and Ominto.com
The Ominto platform recognizes each customer’s country or local market, and delivers a tailored shopping experience, including preferred stores, language, currency and deals.
Ominto is able to offer Cash Back to millions of shoppers through partnerships with thousands of online merchants and travel booking sites from around the world. These partnerships pay Ominto a commission when their shoppers make purchases on a partner website, and Ominto shares those commissions with its shoppers in the form of Cash Back earnings.
Ominto empowers shoppers to save time and money at stores they already enjoy shopping at today.
Shoppers can join for free to receive Cash Back on their online
purchases, and can earn or pay for Cash Back “boosts,” to receive the
highest level of Cash Back earnings in the industry. Shoppers can also
take advantage of “stackable” savings and earnings on Ominto. Shoppers
save when they find and apply a coupon from Ominto to their purchase,
and earn Cash Back after the purchase is completed.
VIP members pay $99 to get access to a special VIP lounge with
exclusive deals, coupons, and Cash Back offers that aren’t available to
other shoppers.
Free membership will include access to a free Ominto shopping tool, called SaveMate®, which reminds shoppers to login in to the tool to receive their coupons, deals and Cash Back offers via before they shop at their favorite online stores, without having to visit Ominto first. This shopping tool will be a powerful shopping companion that resides in the browser and reminds shoppers when there are opportunities to save money and earn Cash Back.









Ominto, Inc. - Contact the Board



















Investor Relations  ›  Corporate Governance  ›  Contact the Board



About Us
Press Releases
Corporate Governance



Governance Documents
Management
Board of Directors
Contact the Board




Financial Information



SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
XBRL




Stock Information



Stock Quote & Chart
Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator




Investor FAQs
Contact Us




  
            
          




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?





Contact the Board
You can contact Ominto, Inc.'s Board of Directors to provide comments, to report concerns, or to ask a question, at the following address. 

  Corporate Secretary
  Ominto, Inc. 1515 S. Federal Highway Suite 307 Boca Raton, FL 33432 United States

You may submit your concern anonymously or confidentially by postal mail. You may also indicate whether you are a shareholder, customer, supplier, or other interested party.
Communications are distributed to the Board, or to any individual directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. In that regard, the Ominto, Inc. board of directors has requested that certain items which are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the board should be excluded, such as:

Product complaints
Product inquiries
New product suggestions
Resumes and other forms of job inquiries
Surveys
Business solicitations or advertisements

In addition, material that is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded, with the provision that any communication that is filtered out must be made available to any non-management director upon request.
You may also communicate online with our Board of Directors as a group.

Please submit your comment using the form below. * Required fields







Name *


 



Email *


 




Subject *


 



Comments *


 



Type in number *


 



 

This helps Ominto, Inc. prevent automated submissions.



 








Stock Quote (NASDAQ: OMNT)
Price:
6.12

Change:
- 0.38

Day High:
6.87

Day Low:
5.89

Volume:
516,447

4:00 PM ET on Jul 21, 2017
Delayed at least 20  minutes.Provided by eSignal.



Shareholder Tools



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



RSS News Feeds




Search Investor Relations














Copyright Ominto, Inc.. - All Rights Reserved © 2017 - 
			This website contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included on this website regarding Ominto’s strategy, future 			operations, future financial positions, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "to," "plan," "expect," "believe," 			"anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "estimate," “target” or "continue" and similar expressions (or the negative of these terms) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward statements include, among other 			things, statements about management’s estimates regarding future revenues and financial performance and other statements about management’s beliefs, intentions or goals. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations 			disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on Ominto’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or 			events to differ materially from the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: our ability to successfully obtain consumer and/or market acceptance of our membership Cash Back 			program; the ability to attract customers who purchase through our website; our ability to obtain additional funding and/or generate sufficient working capital to fund our operations; the ability to develop and/or maintain our 			growing partner programs; the ability to obtain and maintain digital coupon content on our website; the risks related to Ominto’s ability to manage its growth, including accurately planning and forecasting its financial results; the 			competitive environment for Ominto’s business; Ominto’s ability to protect consumer data and our intellectual property; the ability to adapt to mobile and technological change; the need to manage regulatory, tax and litigations 			risk; Ominto’s ability to manage international business uncertainties; along with other risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto’s business and financial results identified in Ominto’s (formerly DubLi, Inc.) filings with the 			Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.
		










  OMNT:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Ominto Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Ominto Inc   OMNT:US   NASDAQ CM        6.12USD   0.38   5.85%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   6.70    Day Range   5.89 - 6.87    Volume   516,447    Previous Close   6.50    52Wk Range   2.30 - 23.05    1 Yr Return   97.42%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   6.70    Day Range   5.89 - 6.87    Volume   516,447    Previous Close   6.50    52Wk Range   2.30 - 23.05    1 Yr Return   97.42%    YTD Return   70.00%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.81    Market Cap (m USD)   110.410    Shares Outstanding  (m)   18.041    Price/Sales (TTM)   4.05    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.07%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change -0.01%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/19/2017   OMINTO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 Investing In Ominto, Inc     6/21/2017   Mitch Hill Named Executive Chairman of Ominto, Inc.     6/9/2017   Ominto’s DubLi.com Website Launches New Luxury Brands Category Catering To High-End Shoppers     6/7/2017   IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Advises Investors With Losses to     6/7/2017   INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by     6/2/2017   IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to     6/2/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain     6/1/2017   IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact     6/1/2017   Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of Ominto, Inc. Investors     5/31/2017   Ominto, Inc. Responds To False and Misleading Report    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Ominto, Inc. provides a global e-commerce platform for online cash back shopping. The Company delivers shopping and travel deals through its international network of shopping websites and partner sites. Ominto offers its services to consumers looking to shop their favorite stores, save with coupons and deals, and earn cash back with each purchase.    Address  1515 South Federal HighwaySuite 307Boca Raton, FL 33432United States   Phone  1-561-362-2393   Website   inc.ominto.com     Executives Board Members    Mitchell C Hill "Mitch"  Chairman    Michael B Hansen  President/CEO/Founder    Raoul Quijada  Chief Financial Officer    Betina Dupont Sorensen  Chief Operating Officer    Jerry Yerke  Chief Network Ofcr:North America     Show More         



Ominto, Inc., a Leader in Global Cash Back Shopping and Earnings





































ominto: a leader in global Cash Back shopping and earnings
Learn More






Welcome to Ominto!Ominto is committed to providing major Cash Back earnings to its global community of smart shoppers. 





About
Ominto is a leader in global Cash Back shopping, offering shoppers ways to save money with deals, coupons, and Cash Back earnings at thousands of online merchants all over the world. Ominto partners with thousands of global, online merchants and travel booking sites to deliver relevant, personalized saving opportunities to its shoppers on the Company’s Partner Program portals, DubLi.com portal and its soon to be launched Ominto.com portal.
Learn more »


Products
Ominto has partnered with thousands of online merchants all over the world to deliver our shoppers the best online shopping and Cash Back experience. Through Ominto, shoppers can access their favorite merchants, save while they shop and receive Cash Back rewards on their purchases.
Learn more »


Investors
Ominto’s investor relations team is committed to providing timely and useful information to current and potential investors. In the investor relations portion of the company's website, you will find current and historical information about Ominto’s financial performance and overall operations of the company.
Learn more »






Latest News
Read the latest news about Ominto, including product announcements, financial results, global partner launches and more!
View All News



Ominto Files S-1 Registration for an Offering of Common Stock and Warrants



Infinia Services & Solutions Selects Ominto for New InfiCashBack Online Shopping Portal










Ominto, Inc. Reports Fiscal Second Quarter Revenue Increased 96.7% Over Prior Year Comparable Period (NASDAQ:OMNT)










 








  

  
   
  






Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














May 16, 2017

Ominto, Inc. Reports Fiscal Second Quarter Revenue Increased 96.7% Over Prior Year Comparable Period


- Strong Global Penetration of DubLi.com Product -


- Successful Launch of VIP Lounge, Augmenting Cash Back Offerings -

 BOCA RATON, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq:OMNT), a global leader in online Cash Back
shopping, today reported financial results for the fiscal second quarter
and six months ended March 31, 2017.


Revenue increased by $3.9 million or 96.7% to approximately $7.9
million in the second fiscal quarter of 2017, versus approximately $4.0
million over the prior year comparable period. Gross income was
approximately $3.5 million or 44.0% gross margin compared to
approximately $1.0 million and 24.5% in the prior year period. Operating
margin improved by 19.3 points to -56.6% from -75.9% in the prior year
period. The net loss from continuing operations was approximately $4.5
million in the second quarter of 2017, or a loss of $0.23 per share,
compared with the net loss from continuing operations of approximately
$3.0 million, or a loss of $0.25 per share, in the second fiscal quarter
2016.


Net cash flow from continuing operations for the six months ended March
31, 2017 improved to $790,211 from a loss of $4.2 million in the same
period of the prior year. In the six-month period ended March 31, 2017,
revenue increased by $4.3 million or 45.7% to approximately $13.7
million versus approximately $9.4 million over the prior year comparable
period. Gross income was approximately $5.4 million or 39.1% gross
margin for the six months ended March 31, 2017 compared to approximately
$2.5 million and 26.7% in the prior year period. Operating margin
improved by 6.4 points to -49.7% for the six months ended March 31, 2017
from -56.1% in the prior year period. The net loss from continuing
operations was approximately $6.9 million in the first six months of
2017, or a loss of $0.40 per share, compared with the net loss from
continuing operations of approximately $5.0 million, or a loss of
$0.43 per share, in the same period of the prior year.


Michael Hansen, Chief Executive Officer, stated, "Our financial
performance continues to improve and demonstrates the further
penetration and acceptance of our DubLi.com product worldwide. Our
strategy continues to be one of growing our global customer base through
deepening our presence in existing countries and selectively expanding
into new countries. We are also focused on adding new stores to our
shopping platform to offer increased Cash Back opportunities to our
customers. We are pleased with our continued investment into the
DubLi.com product platform, as was demonstrated with the launch of our
new VIP Lounge on April 18. We are also diligently managing our costs
and evaluating further opportunities for cost efficiencies. We believe
in our model, our concept and our future."


Mr. Hansen, continued, "The response to our new VIP Lounge has been
favorable. It has always been our goal to offer our global customer base
a superior shopping and savings opportunity when they shop at DubLi.com.
We expect the VIP Lounge opportunity to drive increased VIP member
penetration, offering strong recurring revenues at solid margins."


During the second quarter, in recognition of the company's Founder and
CEO, Michael Hansen's efforts in helping the company obtain its approval
for listing on Nasdaq Capital Markets, the company awarded him a
one-time cash bonus of $2,000,000. In addition, the company awarded
100,000 shares of restricted common stock to Mr. Hansen and accelerated
the vesting of 100,000 shares of restricted common stock previously
awarded. Mr. Hansen subsequently purchased 300,000 shares of common
stock from the company at the price of $6.90 per share, $2,000,000 of
which was paid during the second quarter and $70,000 of which was paid
during the third quarter.


About Ominto, Inc.


Ominto, Inc. is a global e-commerce leader and pioneer of online Cash
Back shopping, delivering value-based shopping and travel deals through
its primary shopping platform and affiliated Partner Program websites.
At DubLi.com or at Partner sites powered by Ominto.com, consumers shop
at their favorite stores, save with the best coupons and deals, and earn
Cash Back with each purchase. The Ominto.com platform features thousands
of brand name stores and industry-leading travel companies from around
the world, providing Cash Back savings to consumers in more than 120
countries. Ominto's Partner Programs offer a white label version of
the Ominto.com shopping and travel platform to businesses and
non-profits, providing them with a professional, reliable web presence
that builds brand loyalty with their members, customers or constituents
while earning commission for the organization and Cash Back for shoppers
on each transaction.


For more information, please visit Ominto's corporate website http://inc.ominto.com.


Forward-looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties. These include statements about
Ominto's expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future,
which are indicated by words or phrases such as "anticipate," "expect,"
"intend," "plan," "will," "believe," "projects," "could," "would," and
similar expressions. You can also identify them by the fact that they do
not relate strictly to historical or current facts. The forward-looking
statements reflect Ominto's current view about future events and are
subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to
inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are
difficult to predict. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations
disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place
undue reliance on Ominto's forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from the
expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but
not limited to: risks related to our ability to continue as a going
concern being in doubt; Ominto's inability to generate enough customers
or enough purchasing activity for our shopping websites; Ominto's
inability to establish and maintain a large growing base of Business
Associates; Ominto's failure to adapt to technological change; increased
competition; increased operating costs; changes in legislation
applicable to Ominto's business; Ominto's failure to improve our
internal controls; and Ominto's inability to generate sufficient cash
flows from operations or to secure capital to enable us to maintain our
current operations or support our intended growth; along with other
risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto's business and
financial results identified in Ominto's filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.



View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516006758/en/

For Ominto, Inc.Josh Hochberg[email protected]

Source: Ominto, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Ominto, Inc.






 
  DUBL Stock Quote - Ominto Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Ominto Inc   DUBL:US      Ticker Change   DUBL:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.07%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change -0.01%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Ominto, Inc. provides a global e-commerce platform for online cash back shopping. The Company delivers shopping and travel deals through its international network of shopping websites and partner sites. Ominto offers its services to consumers looking to shop their favorite stores, save with coupons and deals, and earn cash back with each purchase.    Address  1515 South Federal HighwaySuite 307Boca Raton, FL 33432United States   Phone  1-561-362-2393   Website   inc.ominto.com     Executives Board Members    Mitchell C Hill "Mitch"  Chairman    Michael B Hansen  President/CEO/Founder    Raoul Quijada  Chief Financial Officer    Betina Dupont Sorensen  Chief Operating Officer    Jerry Yerke  Chief Network Ofcr:North America     Show More         Ominto, Inc. Launches Enhanced Membership Package Exclusively for VIP MembersHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Ominto, Inc. Launches Enhanced Membership Package Exclusively for VIP MembersBusiness WireApril 19, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareBOCA RATON, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ominto, Inc. (OMNT), a global leader in online Cash Back shopping, today announced the launch of the enhanced VIP Lounge, an exclusive membership package for VIP customers. The VIP Lounge offers a product and benefit mix unmatched in the global Cash Back industry.With the launch of this upgraded membership package, the company has introduced DubLi Travel. DubLi Travel is Ominto’s private label travel search engine, featuring worldwide hotel coverage and listing one of the largest hotel inventories at more than 15,000 destinations. With discounts of up to 60% on hotel bookings, DubLi Travel is backed by leading travel industry hotel accommodation partners, priceline.com, Booking.com and agoda.com, who have a global presence in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific region.Ominto’s new VIP Lounge offers even more ways for members to save on travel, leisure and entertainment activities, local shopping, dining and services. VIP Lounge members can save on air travel with 10% discounted flight vouchers on round-trip flights anywhere in the world. The new VIP Lounge also offers up to 50% discounts on local retail and dining with over 400,000 offers available throughout North America.The VIP Lounge is available to DubLi.com customers worldwide and includes both global and regional offers to suit the Company’s multi-cultural, multi-regional and diverse customer base.Michael Hansen, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ominto, stated, “The launch of the new VIP Lounge is consistent with the plans we announced when our new site was launched last May, to offer our global customer base a superior shopping and savings opportunity when they shop at DubLi.com. The VIP Lounge is designed to complement our Cash Back shopping with deep discounts on travel, leisure, local retail and dining discounts. We expect the new membership to drive increased VIP member penetration, which offers strong recurring revenues at solid margins. The enhanced benefit package included in the VIP Lounge offers thousands of dollars of value. The leading suite of features are available in one convenient location for our customers to shop, save and earn Cash Back making it unnecessary for them to shop anywhere else.”Mr. Hansen continued, “Furthermore, the new VIP Lounge allows members an extra and unlimited 2% Cash Back on all purchases they make on the site outside the VIP Lounge as well to withdraw their available Cash Back in only 45 days. We aren’t aware of any faster payouts in the Cash Back industry. We believe the new VIP Lounge is an extension of the exceptional value proposition we offer our customers. We will continue to add a variety of other features over the coming months including up to 30% discounts at theme parks and leisure attractions worldwide.”About Ominto, Inc.Ominto, Inc. is a global e-commerce leader and pioneer of online Cash Back shopping delivering value-based shopping and travel deals through its primary shopping platform and affiliated Partner Program websites. At DubLi.com or at Partner sites powered by Ominto.com, consumers shop at their favorite stores, save with the best coupons and deals, and earn Cash Back with each purchase. The Ominto.com platform features thousands of brand name stores and industry-leading travel companies from around the world, providing Cash Back savings to consumers in more than 120 countries. Ominto’s Partner Programs offer a white label version of the Ominto.com shopping and travel platform to businesses and non-profits, providing them with a professional, reliable web presence that builds brand loyalty with their members, customers or constituents while earning commission for the organization and Cash Back for shoppers on each transaction.For more information, please visit Ominto’s corporate website http://inc.ominto.com.Forward-looking StatementsThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These include statements about Ominto’s expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “will,” “believe,” “projects,” “could,” “would,” and similar expressions. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. The forward-looking statements reflect Ominto’s current view about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on Ominto’s forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: risks related to our ability to continue as a going concern being in doubt; Ominto’s inability to generate enough customers or enough purchasing activity for our shopping websites; Ominto’s inability to establish and maintain a large growing base of Business Associates; Ominto’s failure to adapt to technological change; increased competition; increased operating costs; changes in legislation applicable to Ominto’s business; Ominto’s failure to improve our internal controls; and Ominto’s inability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to secure capital to enable us to maintain our current operations or support our intended growth; along with other risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto’s business and financial results identified in Ominto’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170419005330/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressLeBron James was reportedly 'devastated' upon learning of Kyrie Irving's trade requestBusiness InsiderShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceI tried the 'Atkins on steroids' diet for 2 months — and it made me feel invincibleBusiness InsiderBen Affleck may not return for 'The Batman'Business InsiderThe pizza-making robots that want to change the worldDavid PogueAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness InsiderGM may kill 6 car models as it works with UAW to tackle sales slumpAutoblog'That's all he wanted': Spicer, a devout Catholic, was snubbed from Trump's big meeting with the pope in MayBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: How his own accident and son’s cancer changed his journeyYahoo Finance VideoWhat Harlem thinks about Whole Foods coming to the neighborhoodYahoo Finance2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceTrump 'disturbed' after learning Russia investigation can easily access his tax returnsDr. R: Fraud "president".  Fraud corrupt businessman.  Fraud snake oil salesman.  Real Americans are ashamed of fraud and corruption in the highest office of the land...  and formerly, most respected nation on Earth.  Fraud.Join the Conversation1 / 531



















OMNT - Stock Quote and Charts for Ominto

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















Ominto (OMNT)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






6.06
-0.44  -6.77%
NASDAQ
Jul 21, 16:59
Delayed 2m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Key Stats


Financials


Data


Estimates


News


Events


Y-Ratings


Performance


Valuation


Multichart









View Full Chart
OMNT Price Chart
















View All Key Stats
OMNT Key Stats






Income Statement



Revenue (TTM)


                                

                                22.00M
                            
                        


Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



EPS Diluted (TTM)


                                

                                -0.81
                            
                        


EPS Diluted (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



Net Income (TTM)


                                

                                -11.72M
                            
                        


Profitability



Gross Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                43.96%
                            
                        


Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                -52.73%
                            
                        


Dividend



Dividend Yield (Forward)

Upgrade



Dividend Yield (TTM)


                                

                                0
                            
                        










Price and Valuation



Market Cap


                                

                                74.14M
                            
                        


52 Week High (Daily)

Upgrade



52 Week Low (Daily)

Upgrade



PS Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                3.936
                            
                        


PE Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Price to Book Value


                                

                                13.02
                            
                        


Other



Beta (5Y)

Upgrade



Debt to Equity Ratio (Quarterly)


                                

                                0.3263
                            
                        


Free Cash Flow (Quarterly)


                                

                                -2.719M
                            
                        


Return on Equity (TTM)


                                

                                523.7%
                            
                        








View All OMNT News
OMNT News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


SA Breaking News



                                
                                Midday Gainers / Losers


07/20 12:40



PR Newswire



                                
                                OMINTO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 Investing In Ominto, Inc. To Contact The Firm


07/19 18:46



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Ominto's tumble continues


07/19 14:31



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Midday Gainers / Losers


07/19 12:46



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Three little tech stocks cross into overbought territory


07/06 15:14



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Ominto called out by TheStreetSweeper as overvalued


06/28 13:39



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Midday Gainers / Losers


06/26 12:45



SA Breaking News



                                
                                Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am


06/26 11:03



MT Newswires



                                
                                Sector Update: Consumer Staple, Discretionary Stocks All Underwater


06/22 12:31



Yahoo



                                
                                Pawar Law Group Announces Investigation of Securities Claims Against Ominto, Inc. - OMNT


06/21 21:29











View All Events
OMNT Events



Date
Type
Description


12/30/2016
Earnings
Ominto Inc Fourth Quarter Earnings Results in 2016




View All Performance Charts
OMNT Total Returns Comparison








OMNT Fundamentals

Income Statement 
View Statement









Revenue (TTM)

22.00M


Total Expenses (TTM)

34.12M


Net Income (TTM)

-11.72M





Balance Sheet 
View Statement









Total Assets (Quarterly)

68.62M


Total Liabilities (Quarterly)

62.93M


Shareholders Equity (Quarterly)

5.694M





Cash Flow Statement 
View Statement









Cash from Operations (TTM)

6.726M


Cash from Investing (TTM)

-2.741M


Cash from Financing (TTM)

7.111M








OMNT Ratings


Y-Rating

Upgrade



Value Score

Upgrade



Fundamental Score

Upgrade



Valuation (Hist. Mult.)

Upgrade



Y-Rating Report

Download





Advertisement





OMNT One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





OMNT Analyst Coverage


Consensus Recommendations

Buy Recommendations

Upgrade



Outperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Hold Recommendations

Upgrade



Underperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Sell Recommendations

Upgrade


Target Price

Price


                6.06
                
            


Price Target

Upgrade







Edit


 Profile

URL: https://www.ominto.com
Investor Relations URL: N/A
HQ State/Province: Florida
Sector: Consumer Cyclical
Industry: Specialty Retail
Next Earnings Release: N/A
Last Earnings Release: Dec. 30, 2016
Next Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Last Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Description: Ominto Inc is a E-commerce and network marketing company. It
operates an online shopping portal, through which its customers
search for & purchase products offered by various online stores, including
consumer products, travel related-products & services.



OMNT Comparables

Edit









                                        ARCI
                                    


                                    Appliance Recycling
                                




                                        GAIA
                                    


                                    Gaia
                                




                                        EVLV
                                    


                                    EVINE Live
                                




                                        PCMI
                                    


                                    PCM
                                




                                        PAYM
                                    


                                    PayMeOn
                                




                                        PKAY
                                    


                                    Peekay Boutiques
                                







OMNT Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("OMNT","name")
Description: =YCI("OMNT","description")
Sector: =YCI("OMNT","sector")
Industry: =YCI("OMNT","industry")
Est. Current Fiscal Year End: =YCI("OMNT","fye")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Other OMNT Resources

13F Filings Whale Wisdom
Call Transcripts Seeking Alpha
Insider Trading Morningstar
Institutional Ownership Nasdaq
SEC Filings SEC
OMNT Tweets Stocktwits



Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            






























Ominto, Inc. Responds To False And Misleading Report - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Ominto, Inc. Responds To False And Misleading Report






Business Wire




May 31, 2017 12:13 PM EDT













 


















































  Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq:OMNT), a global leader in online Cash Back shopping provided the following statement in response to a recent report published on the Company.  A report recently published on Ominto includes false and misleading statements which we believe are aimed at manipulating the Company's stock. The claims made in the report are meritless. We remain focused on realizing our business objectives, building on our leadership position in global Cash Back shopping.  About Ominto, Inc.  Ominto, Inc. is a global e-commerce leader and pioneer of online Cash Back shopping, delivering value-based shopping and travel deals through its primary shopping platform and affiliated Partner Program websites. At DubLi.com or at Partner sites powered by Ominto.com, consumers shop at their favorite stores, save with the best coupons and deals, and earn Cash Back with each purchase. The Ominto.com platform features thousands of brand name stores and industry-leading travel companies from around the world, providing Cash Back savings to consumers in more than 120 countries. Ominto's Partner Programs offer a white label version of the Ominto.com shopping and travel platform to businesses and non-profits, providing them with a professional, reliable web presence that builds brand loyalty with their members, customers or constituents while earning commission for the organization and Cash Back for shoppers on each transaction.  For more information, please visit Ominto's corporate website  http://inc.ominto.com.  Forward-looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These include statements about Ominto's expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases such as "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "will," "believe," "projects," "could," "would," and similar expressions. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. The forward-looking statements reflect Ominto's current view about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Ominto may not actually achieve the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on Ominto's forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: risks related to our ability to continue as a going concern being in doubt; Ominto's inability to generate enough customers or enough purchasing activity for our shopping websites; Ominto's inability to establish and maintain a large growing base of Business Associates; Ominto's failure to adapt to technological change; increased competition; increased operating costs; changes in legislation applicable to Ominto's business; Ominto's failure to improve our internal controls; and Ominto's inability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to secure capital to enable us to maintain our current operations or support our intended growth; along with other risks and potential factors that could affect Ominto's business and financial results identified in Ominto's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Bored With Cream and Sugar? You Can Now Add Weed to Your Morning Joe


A Week of Records Comes to a Close; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


Rules For When It Seems Like Everything's Crashing: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/21/17)


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












     OMNT Stock Price & News - Ominto Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21580.07 -0.15%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.54 -0.04%        Nasdaq ▲  6387.75 -0.04%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  7/32 yield 2.237%        Crude Oil ▲  45.60 -2.81%        Euro ▲  1.1666 0.29%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 21, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               Ominto Inc. OMNT (U.S.: Nasdaq)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 4:00 PM EDT 07/21/17     $6.12 USD     -0.38 -5.85%     Volume 515,656      AFTER HOURS 4:33 PM EDT 07/21/17    $6.1188   -0.0012 -0.02%    AFTER HOURS Vol 791      Volume 515,656     65 Day Avg Vol 118,997     1 Day Range 5.89 - 6.87     52 Week Range 2.30 - 23.05 (08/19/16 - 03/14/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Technology      Compare to    Add          Open  6.70   Prior Close  6.50 (07/20/17)     1 Day    OMNT -5.85%     DJIA -0.15%     Russell 2K -0.45%     Technology -0.20%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News Ominto Inc.OMNT   Significant News Only       07/19/17 Press Release   OMINTO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 Investing In Ominto, Inc. To Contact The Firm   Press Release     06/23/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Ominto Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     06/23/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Ominto Files 8K - Other Events   Dow Jones Newswires     06/21/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Ominto Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     06/21/17 Press Release   Mitch Hill Named Executive Chairman of Ominto, Inc.   Press Release     06/09/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Ominto Files 8K - Regulation FD   Dow Jones Newswires     06/09/17 Press Release   Ominto's DubLi.com Website Launches New Luxury Brands Category Catering To High-End Shoppers   Press Release     06/07/17 Press Release   IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Advises Investors With Losses to Contact the Firm   Press Release     06/07/17 Press Release   INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Ominto, Inc. -- OMNT   Press Release     06/02/17 Press Release   IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm   Press Release     06/02/17 Press Release   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Ominto, Inc.   Press Release     06/01/17 Press Release   IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm   Press Release     06/01/17 Press Release   Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of Ominto, Inc. Investors   Press Release     05/31/17 Press Release   Ominto, Inc. Responds To False and Misleading Report   Press Release     05/30/17 Press Release   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc.   Press Release     05/30/17 Press Release   OMINTO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 Investing In Ominto, Inc. To Contact The Firm   Press Release     05/30/17 Press Release   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation of Ominto, Inc. (OMNT)   Press Release     05/30/17 Press Release   IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Ominto, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm   Press Release     05/30/17 Press Release   EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Investigation of Securities Claims Against Ominto, Inc. -- OMNT   Press Release     05/16/17 Press Release   Ominto, Inc. Reports Fiscal Second Quarter Revenue Increased 96.7% Over Prior Year Comparable Period   Press Release     05/09/17 Press Release   Ominto, Inc. Names Matthew Cohen General Counsel   Press Release     load more              Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM) N/A     EPS (TTM)  $-0.81      Market Cap $117.27 M     Shares Outstanding 18.04 M     Public Float 10.41 M     Yield OMNT has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend N/A     Ex-Dividend Date N/A       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest (06/30/17)    Shares Sold Short 858,109     Change from Last  389.07%      Percent of Float 8.24%       ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow    Uptick/Downtick Trade Ratio  0 2    1.07      Net Money Flow ($)  57,440    Money flow gives a snapshot of relative buying and selling pressure in a stock. A ratio above one suggests greater buying pressure, below one suggests greater selling.               Advertisement         Competitors OMNT      Company Change P/E (TTM)    AMZN Amazon.com Inc.   -0.29% -3.03   193.00     CNXN PC Connection Inc.   +0.30% +0.08   15.04     PCMI PCM Inc.   -1.30% -0.25   11.14     WBMD WebMD Health Corp.   -0.11% -0.06   29.20     QVCA Liberty Interactive Corp. QVC Group Series A   -1.81% -0.44   8.28     ATHN athenahealth Inc.   +8.44% +12.13   196.24     EVLV EVINE Live Inc. Cl A   +1.89% +0.02   -        More information on OMNT   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile OMNT      Ominto, Inc. engages in the management and operation of online cash back shopping and loyalty websites. It offers business license fees, membership subscription fees, commission income, and marketing programs. The company was founded by Michael Hansen on June 4, 1999...      1515 South Federal Highway Boca Raton Florida 33432 United States   Website Map       Employees  30    Sector  Internet/Online      Sales or Revenue  17.70 M    Industry  Technology      1Y Sales Change  -16.88%    Fiscal Year Ends September 30 Download Reports          Mitch C. Hill Executive Chairman       Michael B. Hansen President, Chief Executive Officer & Director       Betina Dupont Sorensen Chief Operating Officer       Raoul Quijada CFO & Principal Accounting Officer        More             Research & Ratings Ominto Inc.OMNT Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates   Data Not Available.       Financials Ominto Inc.OMNT     Quarterly   Annual      Net Income      0                 0  -20M                 Mar 2016   Jun 2016   Sep 2016   Dec 2016   Mar 2017         0  80M                 0  -80M                '12 '13 '14 '15 '16         Mar 2017 5-quarter trend   Net Income Growth -36.57%                     Sales or Revenue 7.86 M                Sales or Revenue Growth +96.69%                     EBITDA -4.09 M                          2016 5-year trend  Net Income Growth +15.56%                     Sales or Revenue 17.70 M                Sales or Revenue Growth -16.88%                     EBITDA -8.82 M                            More             Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  