

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Ommdom Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 2:23 PM ET

Company Overview of Ommdom Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ommdom Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Dallas, Texas. As of June 11, 2017, Ommdom Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Invitae Corporation.


1701 North Market StreetSuite 435Dallas, TX 75202United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 214-862-1967








Key Executives for Ommdom Inc.


Ommdom Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Ommdom Inc. Key Developments

CancerGene Connect Appoints John Oberg as Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Jan 31 17
CancerGene Connect announced the appointment of John Oberg as their inaugural Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Oberg will assume his new role effective on February 6, 2017. In this role, Oberg will be responsible for all direct sales, reseller functions and marketing initiatives at OMMDOM including CancerGene Connect, the most complete and modern family history cloud-based platform on the market. Oberg brings executive sales, business development and marketing leadership experience at both large enterprise organizations and startups. Most recently, he held the position of Director of National Sales at Valassis.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 12, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      October 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ommdom Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































CancerGene Connect Taps Seasoned Executive John Oberg as Vice President of Sales and Marketing — CancerGene Connect




























































January 30, 2017



Sarah Crippen



CancerGene Connect Taps Seasoned Executive John Oberg as Vice President of Sales and Marketing



January 30, 2017



Sarah Crippen




Oberg Brings 20+ years of Sales and Marketing Leadership and will Focus on Expanding Sales and Marketing Team and Growing Application Delivery RevenuesDALLAS (January 30, 2017) - CancerGene Connect, a family history cloud-based product  of OMMDOM, Inc., a software development, commercialization, and technology sales company whose core competency is healthcare software, today announced the appointment of John Oberg as their inaugural Vice President of Sales and Marketing. In this role, Oberg will be responsible for all direct sales, reseller functions and marketing initiatives at OMMDOM including CancerGene Connect, the most complete and modern family history cloud-based platform on the market. Oberg brings executive sales, business development and marketing leadership experience at both large enterprise organizations and startups, one of which was acquired by a public company and had a successful IPO. Most recently, he held the position of Director of National Sales at Valassis, a recognized worldwide leader in intelligent media delivery.“Family history is rapidly gaining in focus and attention as an opportunity to directly affect disease prevention. Although most frequently discussed in relation to cancer, it also has significant and growing applications in heart, metabolic, neurological, and other diseases,” said Richard Burghardt, CEO of OMMDOM and CancerGene Connect.  “We are pleased to have John oversee our direct sales and marketing efforts. His proven ability to execute against business objectives to drive significant revenue will make him an asset to the leadership team as we look to spearhead new growth opportunities outside of inherited cancer.”  “I am proud to play a role in the development and execution of the company’s growth strategy,” said Mr. Oberg. “The CancerGene Connect platform is incredibly flexible and customizable. In addition to inherited cancer, our goal is to capitalize on new application delivery opportunities, such as cardiovascular, prenatal, general adult inherited disease, and high volume colorectal cancer risk screening. We also want to broaden our scope of strategic partnerships with genetic testing laboratories and remote counseling service providers.” For more information, please contact us at (972) 755-9387 or info@cagene.com or visit the CancerGene Connect website at www.cagene.com. About OMMDOM and CancerGene ConnectOMMDOM is a software development, commercialization, and technology sales company whose core competency is healthcare software - most specifically family history collection and utilization software solutions. CancerGene Connect was originally developed by UT Southwestern, who runs the largest hereditary cancer genetic counseling practice in the country, and is the most complete and modern family history cloud-based genetic counseling productivity platform on the market. CancerGene Connect not only greatly streamlines the complex and tedious process of gathering complete patient health and family histories, it utilizes all of this data to draw pedigrees, family tree charts, run risk algorithms, generate reports, and populate a risk assessment database for research. For more information, please go to www.cagene.com.




Sarah Crippen






























HIPAA — CancerGene Connect















































OMMDOM, Inc.Notice of Privacy Practices Last modified on October 31, 2015Distributed by Ommdom Inc. on behalf of your health care provider.This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.Ommdom Inc.’s use and disclosure of your information is consistent with your health care provider’s privacy policies, as stated in this notice. YOUR RIGHTSWhen it comes to your health information, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you.Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical recordYou can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this. We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.Ask us to correct your medical recordYou can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this. We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.Request confidential communicationsYou can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.Ask us to limit what we use or shareYou can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations.We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer.We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.If your use of the Services (as defined in the Ommdom Inc. Terms of Service) is paid for by your health care provider, we may be required to share health information with the provider.Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared informationYou can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one accounting a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.Get a copy of this privacy noticeYou can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.Choose someone to act for youIf you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.File a complaint if you feel your rights are violatedYou can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us using the information at the end of this Notice of Privacy Practices.You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint. YOUR CHOICESFor certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your careShare information in a disaster relief situationInclude your information in a hospital directoryf you are not able to tell us your preference, for example if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.In these cases we never share your information unless you give us written permission:Marketing purposesSale of your informationSharing of psychotherapy notes OUR USES AND DISCLOSURESHow do we typically use or share your health information? We typically use or share your health information in the following ways.Provide information to healthcare professionals who can treat youWe can use your health information and share it with professionals who are treating you.Example: A doctor treating you for an injury asks another doctor about your overall health condition.Run our organizationWe can use and share your health information to run our practice, improve your care, and contact you when necessary.Example: We use health information about you to manage your treatment and services. Bill for your servicesWe can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities.Example: We give information about you to your health insurance plan so it will pay for your services.How else can we use or share your health information? We are allowed or required to share your information in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your information for these purposes. For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html.Help with public health and safety issuesWe can share health information about you for certain situations, such as:Preventing diseaseHelping with product recallsReporting adverse reactions to medicationsReporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violencePreventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safetyDo researchWe can use or share your information for health research.Comply with the lawWe will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.Respond to organ and tissue donation requestsWe can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations.Work with a medical examiner or funeral directorWe can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies.Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requestsWe can use or share health information about you:For workers’ compensation claimsFor law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement officialWith health oversight agencies for activities authorized by lawFor special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective servicesRespond to lawsuits and legal actionsWe can share health information about you in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena. OUR RESPONSIBILITIESWe are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html. CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF THIS NOTICEWe can change the terms of this notice, and the changes will apply to all information we have about you. This new notice will be provided to you and available upon request.  THIS NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES APPLIES TO THE FOLLOWING ORGANIZATIONSYour health care provider and Ommdom Inc., an authorized business associate of your health care provider.


















Ommdom Archives - Health Care Deal News







































































Skip to content
















					Ommdom				




 


Invitae Focuses on Digital Health Deals

 June 14, 2017 Lisa Phillips 
 Acquisitions, eHealth, Laboratories, MRI & Dialysis 

 AltaVoice, Invitae, Ommdom, PatientCrossroads 
 Leave a comment



Invitae, one of the fastest growing genetic information companies in the United States, is bolstering its product line with eHealth acquisitions.










Search for:



Categories 
Acquisitions

Bankruptcy

Behavioral Health Care

Biotechnology

CROs

eHealth

Funding

Home Health & Hospice

Hospitals

Laboratories, MRI & Dialysis

Legislation

Long-Term Care

Managed Care

Medical Devices

Monthly results

Not-for-Profit

Opinion

Other Services

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmacy benefits manager

Physician Medical Groups

Private Equity

Quarterly results

Rehabilitation

REIT

Statistics

Uncategorized

Urgent care centers

Venture Capital


Archives Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 

 




   

About Us | 
Advertise With Us | 
Contact Us | 
Order | 
Privacy | 
Disclaimer |
Recent Press
Irving Levin Associates, Inc. | 268 1/2 Main Avenue, Norwalk, CT 06851
	Phone: 203-846-6800 | Fax: 203-846-8300 | info@levinassociates.com

	© 2017 Irving Levin Associates, Inc.  All Rights Reserved





















 


















































        
          Invitae Press Releases | Invitae Acquires CancerGene Connect, Award-Winning Risk Assessment and Family  History Analysis Platform
        
    


















                Tests
            



                How to order
            



                Resources
            



                Technology
            



                Support
            



            FOR PATIENTS
            




















Sign In


                Tests
            





Invitae tests

Panels & genes
Exome
Proactive health screens



Follow-up testing

Re-requisition
Family variant testing
VUS resolution



Frequently ordered panels

Invitae Common Hereditary Cancers Panel
Invitae Breast Cancer STAT Panel
Invitae Aortopathy Comprehensive Panel
Invitae Epilepsy Panel




Panels & genes
Exome
Proactive health screens
Re-requisition
Family variant testing
VUS resolution
Invitae Common Hereditary Cancers Panel
Invitae Breast Cancer STAT Panel
Invitae Aortopathy Comprehensive Panel
Invitae Epilepsy Panel





                How to order
            





Getting started

Start an order
How to place an order
Request a kit



Essentials

Forms
Billing information
Specimen requirements



Partners & programs

In-network partners
Behind the Seizure
Alnylam Act




Start an order
How to place an order
Request a kit
Forms
Billing information
Specimen requirements
In-network partners
Behind the Seizure
Alnylam Act





                Resources
            





Clinical resources

Clinical support services
Genetics Resource Hub
Family History Tool
Clinvitae - variant search



Educational materials

Brochures & patient guides
Papers & presentations
Webinars
Blog: Perspectives in Genetics



Working together

Invitae Genome Network
Patient Insights Network
Advocacy community




Clinical support services
Genetics Resource Hub
Family History Tool
Clinvitae - variant search
Brochures & patient guides
Papers & presentations
Webinars
Blog: Perspectives in Genetics
Invitae Genome Network
Patient Insights Network
Advocacy community





                Technology
            





Our technology

Assay
Variant classification
Methodology & validation studies



A new gold standard

Quality
Clinical actionability




Assay
Variant classification
Methodology & validation studies
Quality
Clinical actionability





                Support
            

FOR PATIENTS
CONTACT
FAQs / SUPPORT













MENU


Sign In
Sign Up















Follow our progress.
Milestones in our journey to reinvent genetic testing.



















                                View full list
                            
Press Releases






Invitae Acquires CancerGene Connect, Award-Winning Risk Assessment and Family  History Analysis Platform

June 12, 2017

Technology Expands Company’s Genome Management Support for Clinicians
Invitae Corporation (NYSE: NVTA), one of the fastest growing genetic information companies, has acquired Ommdom Inc., which develops healthcare software, including CancerGene Connect, one of the most efficient, end-to-end platforms available for collecting and managing genetic family histories. The acquisition expands the company’s suite of genome management offerings designed to help patients and clinicians use genetic information as part of mainstream medical care.
CancerGene Connect was developed by clinicians for clinicians to streamline the collection, analysis, and management of patient family history information. The platform uses a cloud-based, mobile friendly patient interface to gather family history information prior to a clinician appointment. Once completed, powerful analysis tools using the latest research on hereditary risk analyze a patient’s predisposition to disease and provide actionable analysis to inform therapeutic decisions, such as genetic testing or treatment approaches. In addition, the platform provides clinicians with the ability to look beyond the individual to understand trends across all their patients.
“Genetic information has enormous potential to transform healthcare for the better,” said Sean George, chief executive officer of Invitae. “CancerGene Connect will allow us to expand the tools we offer to clinicians using genetic information as part of patient care. The CancerGene Connect platform is unmatched for ease of use and depth of analysis, and has strong endorsement from clinicians who use it. We’re proud to add it to the services we offer.”
By encouraging family history collection by the patients prior to their genetics appointment, CancerGene Connect assembles more thorough and detailed information. Clinicians have found that providing patients with the tools needed to answer detailed questions and connect with other family members to collect specific details significantly elevated the quality of family health data. The analysis tools that build on that data provide depth and flexibility for clinicians to tailor to each individual patient.
“We are extremely proud of the platform we’ve built with CancerGene Connect and the impact it has on improving care for patients,” said Richard Burghardt, chief executive officer of Ommdom. “Although most frequently discussed in relation to cancer, family health history also has significant and growing importance in the prevention and management of heart, metabolic, neurological, and other diseases. Joining Invitae will broaden the reach of our technology, bringing its benefits to more clinicians and their patients.”
The technology behind CancerGene Connect was first created in the late 1990s at UT Southwestern Medical Center, which developed an initial version of the tool that enabled clinicians to quickly and digitally run complex risk assessment algorithms that previously required time-intensive research calculations for each patient. It soon became an institutional standard used throughout the academic and research world. In 2013, UT Southwestern Medical Center won the prestigious Innovator Award from the Association of Community Cancer Centers (ACCC) for its work on CancerGene Connect. Ommdom has an exclusive license from UT Southwestern Medical Center to further develop and commercialize CancerGene Connect.
Under the terms of the stock exchange agreement, Invitae acquired all of Ommdom’s outstanding capital stock in exchange for approximately $6 million in Invitae common stock. 
About Ommdom and CancerGene Connect
Ommdom is a software development, commercialization, and technology sales company whose core competency is healthcare software - most specifically family history collection and utilization software solutions. CancerGene Connect was originally developed by UT Southwestern Medical Center, which runs one of the largest hereditary cancer genetic counseling practices in the country, and is a complete and modern family history cloud-based genetic counseling productivity platform. CancerGene Connect not only greatly streamlines the complex and tedious process of gathering complete patient health and family histories, it utilizes this data to draw pedigrees, family tree charts, run risk algorithms, generate reports, and populate a risk assessment database for research. For more information, please go to www.cagene.com.
About Invitae
Invitae (NYSE: NVTA) is one of the fastest growing genetic information companies in the U.S. Invitae Corporation's mission is to bring comprehensive genetic information into mainstream medical practice to improve the quality of healthcare for billions of people. Invitae’s goal is to aggregate most of the world’s genetic tests into a single service with higher quality, faster turnaround time, and lower price than many single-gene and panel tests today. The company currently provides a diagnostic service comprising approximately 1,500 genes for a variety of genetic disorders associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, pediatrics, and other rare disease areas, as well as clinical analysis of a 20,000-gene medical exome. Additionally, the company has created a Genome Network to connect patients, clinicians, advocacy organizations, researchers, and therapeutic developers to accelerate the understanding, diagnosis, and treatment of hereditary disease. For more information, visit our website at invitae.com.
Safe Harbor Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements that the acquisition expands the company’s suite of genome management offerings to help patients and clinicians use genetic information as part of mainstream medical care; that genetic information has enormous potential to transform healthcare for the better; the benefits of CancerGene Connect, including the impact it has on improving care for patients; that family health history has significant and growing importance in the prevention and management of heart, metabolic, neurological, and other diseases; and that the transaction will broaden the reach of Ommdom’s technology, bringing its benefits to more clinicians and their patients. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  risks associated with the company’s limited experience with respect to acquisitions and its ability to integrate Ommdom successfully into its existing business; the company’s ability to retain Ommdom employees; security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions; laws and regulations applicable to the company’s business, including privacy laws; the company’s history of losses; the company’s ability to compete; and the other risks set forth in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks set forth in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and Invitae Corporation disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
NOTE: Invitae and the Invitae logo are trademarks of Invitae Corporation. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Source: Invitae Corporation
Contact:

Investor Contact:
Kate McNeil
ir@invitae.com
347-204-4226
Media Contact:
Laura D’Angelo
pr@invitae.com
314-920-0617





Share















Return to press releases







Search Press Releases







Search by Topic



Search...

                                                Corporate News and Events
                                            

                                                Partnerships and Collaborations
                                            

                                                Product Updates
                                            

                                                Scientific and Clinical Research
                                            




Press Release Archive

2017

|2016

|2015

|2014

|2013

|2012




Email Updates
Subscribe


Media Contact
pr@invitae.com
Correct Spelling

✔ Invitae
✗  NOT InVitae
                            

























                                    First name

                                    *












                                    Last name

                                    *












                                    Email address

                                    *











                                Country
                                *












                                I'd like to receive emails about:
                            











                                                            Press Releases














                                                            Events & Webinars
















                                                            Product Updates & Announcements














                                                            New Blog Posts
















                                Quarterly newsletters:
                            











                                                            Cardiology














                                                            Neurology
















                                                            Oncology




























                     
















































































 



 Invitae Acquires CancerGene Connect, Award-Winning Risk Assessment and Family History Analysis 
         










    










 













 











 



















Invitae Acquires CancerGene Connect, Award-Winning Risk Assessment and Family History Analysis Platform
        																																																								
              

          -- Technology Expands Company's Genome Management Support for Clinicians --
        
















 News provided by
Invitae Corporation  
Jun 12, 2017, 07:30 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN FRANCISCO, June 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Invitae Corporation (NYSE:   NVTA), one of the fastest growing genetic information companies, has acquired Ommdom Inc., which develops healthcare software, including CancerGene Connect, one of the most efficient, end-to-end platforms available for collecting and managing genetic family histories. The acquisition expands the company's suite of genome management offerings designed to help patients and clinicians use genetic information as part of mainstream medical care.








CancerGene Connect was developed by clinicians for clinicians to streamline the collection, analysis, and management of patient family history information. The platform uses a cloud-based, mobile friendly patient interface to gather family history information prior to a clinician appointment. Once completed, powerful analysis tools using the latest research on hereditary risk analyze a patient's predisposition to disease and provide actionable analysis to inform therapeutic decisions, such as genetic testing or treatment approaches. In addition, the platform provides clinicians with the ability to look beyond the individual to understand trends across all their patients.
"Genetic information has enormous potential to transform healthcare for the better," said Sean George, chief executive officer of Invitae. "CancerGene Connect will allow us to expand the tools we offer to clinicians using genetic information as part of patient care. The CancerGene Connect platform is unmatched for ease of use and depth of analysis, and has strong endorsement from clinicians who use it. We're proud to add it to the services we offer."
By encouraging family history collection by the patients prior to their genetics appointment, CancerGene Connect assembles more thorough and detailed information. Clinicians have found that providing patients with the tools needed to answer detailed questions and connect with other family members to collect specific details significantly elevated the quality of family health data. The analysis tools that build on that data provide depth and flexibility for clinicians to tailor to each individual patient.
"We are extremely proud of the platform we've built with CancerGene Connect and the impact it has on improving care for patients," said Richard Burghardt, chief executive officer of Ommdom. "Although most frequently discussed in relation to cancer, family health history also has significant and growing importance in the prevention and management of heart, metabolic, neurological, and other diseases. Joining Invitae will broaden the reach of our technology, bringing its benefits to more clinicians and their patients."
The technology behind CancerGene Connect was first created in the late 1990s at UT Southwestern Medical Center, which developed an initial version of the tool that enabled clinicians to quickly and digitally run complex risk assessment algorithms that previously required time-intensive research calculations for each patient. It soon became an institutional standard used throughout the academic and research world. In 2013, UT Southwestern Medical Center won the prestigious Innovator Award from the Association of Community Cancer Centers (ACCC) for its work on CancerGene Connect. Ommdom has an exclusive license from UT Southwestern Medical Center to further develop and commercialize CancerGene Connect.
Under the terms of the stock exchange agreement, Invitae acquired all of Ommdom's outstanding capital stock in exchange for approximately $6 million in Invitae common stock.  
About Ommdom and CancerGene ConnectOmmdom is a software development, commercialization, and technology sales company whose core competency is healthcare software - most specifically family history collection and utilization software solutions. CancerGene Connect was originally developed by UT Southwestern Medical Center, which runs one of the largest hereditary cancer genetic counseling practices in the country, and is a complete and modern family history cloud-based genetic counseling productivity platform. CancerGene Connect not only greatly streamlines the complex and tedious process of gathering complete patient health and family histories, it utilizes this data to draw pedigrees, family tree charts, run risk algorithms, generate reports, and populate a risk assessment database for research. For more information, please go to www.cagene.com.
About InvitaeInvitae (NYSE:   NVTA) is one of the fastest growing genetic information companies in the U.S. Invitae Corporation's mission is to bring comprehensive genetic information into mainstream medical practice to improve the quality of healthcare for billions of people. Invitae's goal is to aggregate most of the world's genetic tests into a single service with higher quality, faster turnaround time, and lower price than many single-gene and panel tests today. The company currently provides a diagnostic service comprising approximately 1,500 genes for a variety of genetic disorders associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, pediatrics, and other rare disease areas, as well as clinical analysis of a 20,000-gene medical exome. Additionally, the company has created a Genome Network to connect patients, clinicians, advocacy organizations, researchers, and therapeutic developers to accelerate the understanding, diagnosis, and treatment of hereditary disease. For more information, visit our website at invitae.com.
Safe Harbor StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements that the acquisition expands the company's suite of genome management offerings to help patients and clinicians use genetic information as part of mainstream medical care; that genetic information has enormous potential to transform healthcare for the better; the benefits of CancerGene Connect, including the impact it has on improving care for patients; that family health history has significant and growing importance in the prevention and management of heart, metabolic, neurological, and other diseases; and that the transaction will broaden the reach of Ommdom's technology, bringing its benefits to more clinicians and their patients. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  risks associated with the company's limited experience with respect to acquisitions and its ability to integrate Ommdom successfully into its existing business; the company's ability to retain Ommdom employees; security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions; laws and regulations applicable to the company's business, including privacy laws; the company's history of losses; the company's ability to compete; and the other risks set forth in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof, and Invitae Corporation disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
NOTE: Invitae and the Invitae logo are trademarks of Invitae Corporation. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Contact:
Investor Contact:Kate McNeilir@invitae.com347-204-4226
Media Contact:Laura D'Angelopr@invitae.com 314-920-0617
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitae-acquires-cancergene-connect-award-winning-risk-assessment-and-family-history-analysis-platform-300472102.html
SOURCE Invitae Corporation
 Related Links

https://www.invitae.com/en



 

















Jul 24, 2017, 07:30 ET
Preview: Invitae to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Host Conference Call on August 7, 2017




















Jun 05, 2017, 08:17 ET
Preview: ASCO Data Shows Prostate Cancer Patients with Genetic Risk Factors Missed Under Current Testing Guidelines








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 24, 2017, 07:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Invitae to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results and...








 











Jun 05, 2017, 08:17 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              ASCO Data Shows Prostate Cancer Patients with Genetic Risk...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals








 You just read:
Invitae Acquires CancerGene Connect, Award-Winning Risk Assessment and Family History Analysis Platform


 News provided by
Invitae Corporation  
Jun 12, 2017, 07:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Invitae Corp. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Invitae Corp.


Invitae Corp.

458 Brannan St. 
San Francisco CA 94107 United States
Phone: +1 800-___-____
Fax: 
http://www.invitae.com





5
Managers




2
IT employees




$450.2KEST.
IT Budget




InVitae Corporation is a genetic information company which provides genetic diagnostics for various hereditary disorders. The company is based in San Francisco, CA.






Sector (Industry)
Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals (Biotech and Pharmaceuticals)


Employees
281


Revenue
$8.4M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-06-20
Project Scoop
Topic: Mergers & Acquisitions
Company: Invitae Corp., San Francisco, CA
Opportunity: Invitae Corp. has recently acquired CancerGene Connect (Ommdom, Inc).




2017-06-02
Management Change
Company: Invitae Corp., San Francisco, CA
Change: Shelly Guyer, Chief Financial Officer (CFO),  Shelly Guyer will take over the CFO role succeeding Lee Bendekgey



2016-03-29
Technology Updates
Topic: Advertising.
Company: Invitae Corp., San Francisco, CA
Opportunity: Deployed Google AdSense in the last 60 Days.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
Twitter Analytics

Master Data Management
Boomi AtomSphere

Relational Databases
MySQLPostgreSQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud AppsPuppet

Email Hosting
Google (mail server)International Business Machines (mail server)

End User Hardware
Apple Mac
Data Storage

Data Backup
CrashPlan
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
SalesForceZendeskZoho

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
NetSuite

Financials
Intacct
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
DemandBaseMarketoQuickbooksRingCentral

Retail Property Management
crestronExpensify
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Analytics

Business Intelligence
Python

Market Analytics
BrightTag

Marketing Data Management
MySQLPostgreSQL
Creative/ Content

Website Design
AddThisLinkedInButtonWistia
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerWordPressZuora

Social Commerce
Amazon (cloud)Amazon Web Services
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Mobile Application and Content Services
Apple iOS
Sales/ Mktg Automation

Email Marketing
Act-OnGoogle (mail server)International Business Machines (mail server)

Lead Management
DemandBaseHubSpotMarketoNetSuiteRingCentralSalesForceZoho

Marketing Resource Management
Windows AzureZendesk
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Mona Varia
Head, Oncology Marketing
___@invitae.com
+1 800-___-____







Robert Nussbaum
CMO
___@invitae.com
+1 800-___-____







Kristen Mccaleb
Program Manager, Medical Affairs
___@invitae.com
+1 415-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



