

Omni Partners set to launch fund focused on the secured property lending market in the UK - Opalesque





































Thu, Jul 27, 2017
 A A
A




						Customize Page					




					Welcome Guest
				





Subscriber Login
RSS

 

Like us on




















Archives 
| 
Research 
| 
Funds 
| 
Events 





Search








Hot Topics » 
man group
Seed
Mark
PARDUS
more topics »








Connect with us



  About Us  History of OpalesqueKey TeamTestimonialsSubscribe/RenewSubmit News RSSOpalesque In The NewsMedia KitContact Us  Publications  Alternative Market BriefingRead Newsletters (Archive) Podcast CenterAboutSubscribe/RenewTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Opalesque ExclusivesThe Big PictureOpalesque Industry UpdatesOther Voices Newsletter HeadlinesSubscription RatesSubmit NewsWhy SubscribeSample Newsletters Free!Bonus MonthsMy SettingsFAQAlternative Market Briefing WeeklyAboutArchive Podcast CenterSubscribe  Free! Current Issue Free!Most ForwardedNew ManagersAboutNew Managers - Archive Subscribe/RenewSubscription RatesTrial Subscription Free!TestimonialsOpalesque RoundtablesAboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Roundtables  AboutOpalesque Roundtable Series - Archive (all)Subscribe/RenewFree!TestimonialsOpalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - France 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Frankfurt 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Zurich 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Gulf (Dubai) 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Cayman 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Geneva 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - South Africa 2017Opalesque Roundtable Series - Netherlands 2016Opalesque Roundtable Series - Japan 2017  Research  Technical ResearchAboutTRB Archive SubscribeTestimonialsTrial Subscription Free!Subscription RatesCurrent IssuePrivate Equity StrategiesAboutArchive Subscribe Free!Testimonials  Databases  Hedge Professionals DatabaseFamily Office DatabaseOpalesque TV  Students    Events  Event CalendarConference Firm Logon  Service  Subscribe/RenewReset PasswordMy AccountRemove EmailAddressHedge IndicesMedia KitFAQContact UsSubmit News Podcast Center RSS Feeds



















Industry Updates
Omni Partners set to launch fund focused on the secured property lending market in the UK





					Monday, February 03, 2014
				 









 

Tweet

 




 

								       Print
 

								       Email

 
       
																
															Track Keywords






					Opalesque Industry Update - Omni Partners LLP (“Omni”), the alternatives specialist set up by trading veteran Steve Clark in 2004, today announces the launch of the Omni Secured Lending Fund I LP, enabling institutional investors to directly access the short-term secured property lending market within the UK.
 
The fund‘s investment proposition is to take advantage of the vacuum created by banks withdrawing from short-term property lending in the UK, in order to deliver attractive risk adjusted returns. The fund focuses on the short end of the lending market whereby lenders are able to obtain an interest rate premium and demand more security in return for issuing lending decisions quickly. Addressing investor demand, the fund has been structured with a relatively short duration compared with other direct lending products. Investor funds are used to finance loans with a maximum duration of 18 months secured against both residential and commercial properties in the UK. Strict lending requirements are enforced, including a maximum loan-to-value (LTV) of 70%.
 
Instrumental to the fund’s operation is Capital Bridging Finance Limited (CBFL), which serves as the fund’s captive origination platform and manages the entire lending process. Steve Clark seeded CBFL in 2009 and subsequently integrated it into Omni (as a subsidiary) in November 2013. The existing senior management team at CBFL has over seven decades of experience in the property lending market.
 
CBFL has a solid four year track record, having underwritten in excess of £100m of aggregate lending across more than 350 discrete loans. Since October 2009 CBFL’s secured lending portfolio has produced a net compounded annual return of 12%*. The team prices for risk rather than forcing borrowers to fit pre-defined products charging fixed rates and seeks to minimise potential losses via adequate asset backing.
 
Omni’s Founder and Head of Risk, Steve Clark, commented: “The key characteristics of this strategy are superior asset quality, short tenor and high yield. In addition, CBFL’s track record is a hard track, delivered on actual capital whilst operating as a stand-alone company unlike the paper track records being peddled by some other new launches within the direct lending space. It is these factors that have been attracting investors to this exciting new strategy.”
*CBFL net compounded annual loan portfolio return calculated from 10/2009 to 11/2013
Omni Partners LLP (“Omni”) is an alternatives specialist investment manager founded in 2004 by veteran trader Steve Clark and headquartered in London. Omni is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is a registered commodity pool operator and commodity trading advisor subject to regulation by the US Commodity Futures and Trading Commission. The firm has approximately $700 million in assets under management and 44 employees between its London and California offices.
 
Omni currently manages two funds, one that follows a thematic discretionary macro strategy (Omni Macro) and one with an equity event-driven focus (Omni Event) and is imminently launching a third fund focused on the secured property lending market in the UK (Omni Secured Lending).
www.omnipartners.co.uk

Press releaseBg
			
			


Article link








What do you think?
 














   Use "anonymous" as my name    |   Alert me via email on new comments   |   












































Today's Exclusives



																												Opalesque Roundtable: Artificial Intelligence: The fight for talent [more]


																													Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The growth of artificial intelligence has pushed fund managers to utilize this technology  and explore new ways to use it to their advantage, said John Harrison, a partner and Group CFO/COO at Amplitude Capital, a sys
														




																												Opalesque Roundtable: Beta-adjusted performance emerges as a new metric for fees [more]


																													Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Fees have been a hot topic in recent years, as hedge fund managers have struggled to put up consistently high returns in a low volatility environment. 
														




																																											Nuveen names Frank van Etten CIO for Multi-Asset Solutions [more]


																													Opalesque Industry Update - Nuveen, a leading global investment manager, appointed
Frank van Etten as Chief Investment Officer for Multi-Asset Solutions. Reporting to the
President of Nuveen Advisory Services, Margo Cook, van Etten will be responsible for delivering
multi-asset solutions to clients 
														




																																											Asia-Pacific-based institutions increase investments in hedge funds [more]


																													Opalesque Industry Update - Institutional investors based in Asia-Pacific have allocated more capital to hedge funds in recent years, reaching a
record $202bn as of the end of 2016, up from $180bn a year earlier, according to
														



Today's Other Voices



														Other Voices: Activist's investment in Nestle: Upcoming depreciation of major world currencies [more]

															By Alex Gavrish, Etalon Investment Research; author of Story Investing.



Alex Gavrish discusses the possible story behind an activist inves
														





More Exclusives


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: What to do with the growing power of investment consultants? [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: Educate consultants, especially on quant and systematic strategies, say industry insiders.
The growing power of investment consultants and their influence over allocations into the hedge fund sector means fund managers must work with these consultants to educate 								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Boothbay banks on nimble, niche emerging managers [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: One New York-based hedge fund is successfully riding the trend towards emerging manager managed accounts by focusing on those managers who take the road less tr								
															


26. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Coleman Group to take over management of K1T quant fund [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: Coleman Group, a London-based quant alternative investment manager, has partnered with 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundtable: Changing investor preferences: Outflows from bigger and inflows to smaller managers [more]

																														Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: This year saw a small outflow of funds from bigger managers and inflows into smaller hedge fund managers, said Duncan Crawford, head of Hedge Fund Sales team at Societe Generale during the latest 								
															


25. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Global Return Asset Management ends 1H up +7.04% [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: New York-based value hedge fund Global Return Asset Management has ended the first half of 2017 up +7.04 percent net, according to performance information obtained by Opalesque. The firm's flagship fund is up +59.87 percent since inception in 2013.

The r								
															


24. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Institutions and family offices shift to hedge funds and alternatives despite valuation concerns: hedge fund news, week 30 [more]

																														In the week ending 21 July, 2017, the global trend to shift into alternative assets is gathering pace more institutional investors are turning to private equit								
															


21. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Modern investor tools (6): Hedge fund investor trends seen through Hedge Connection platform [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva for New Managers: 

Modern Investor Tools is a series on technology providers that assist asset allocators.

Founded in 2005, 								
															


19. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: National foundation study shows improved 2016 investment returns [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Data from the recently released 2016 Council on Foundations-Commonfund Study of Investment of Endowments for Private and Community Foundations (CCSF) show that foundations returns have improved slightly. According to the report, private foundations reported an a								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Come to Bermuda's premier hedge fund event in October [more]

																														Benedicte Gravrand, Opalesque Geneva: Just as the wind starts blowing auburn leaves along the streets of New York and London and people start revisiting their winter coats, some hedge funders might like to find solace in Bermuda, where they could have dinner on the beach and go on a mini-cruise. 								
															


17. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: Majority of hedge fund investors to "significantly or moderately" shift money to quant funds: hedge fund news, week 29 [more]

																														In the week ending 14 July, 2017, in FinTech, a report by Jefferies pointed to a chart from Google Trends as a visualisation how interest in "data science" 								
															


14. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Exclusive: Green Alpha Advisors goes long on the 'next economy' [more]

																														Bailey McCann, Opalesque New York: Garvin Jabusch co-founder and CIO of Denver-based Green Alpha Advisors bristles at being lumped in with other sustainability and ESG funds. When we met, he was in New York to speak at a sustainable investing conference about what he calls the "next economy" and 								
															


11. Jul. | 
																															
																														CTA survey results on investment methodology, fees and traded markets [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: London based J8 Capital Management conducted a global survey to fund out how CTAs work and generate returns. The survey was supported by Opalesque. 



 

The 2017 CTA survey by far and large confirmed the findings of the 2014 and 2015 CTA survey (total of 110 respons								
															


10. Jul. | 
																															
																														Opalesque Roundup: One third of surveyed hedge funds break even with $50m or less assets: hedge fund news, week 28 [more]

																														In the week ending 07 July, 2017, a study by AIMA  has found that most alternative investment management firms are able to turn a profit and expand with considerably less th								
															


07. Jul. | 
																															
																														Paper says 'abnormal' hedge funds trades based on prime broker information flow offer 4% superior performance [more]

																														Matthias Knab, Opalesque: The popular press often accuses hedge funds of trading on information not available to other market participants. In this paper, the authors Nitish Kumar, Kevin Mullally, Sugata Ray and Yuehua Tangwe provide evidence that one source of that information is a fund's prime 								
															





																												Previous Opalesque	Exclusives                                  
																										





More Other Voices


22. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Are your pricing policies and procedures for less liquid instruments adequate? [more]

															Komfie Manalo, Opalesque Asia: The unrelated position mismarking incidents that quickly precipitated the closures of both Visium Asset Management and Marinus Capital have been recent focal points for market participants, but regulatory scrutiny of valuation choices for less liquid instruments is 								
															


21. Jun. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: What is the Capital Inflow From China A-share Index Inclusion? [more]

															By Qi Wang, CFA, CEO at MegaTrust Investment (HK):

As expected, MSCI today announced the inclusion of China A-shares in its Emerging Markets Index for the firs								
															


24. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: The insidious threat of data mining bias [more]

															Guest article from Kris Longmore, Founder and Head of Quantitative Research at Quantify:In the context of systematic trading research, data mining bias refers to the risk of attributing significance to a result that was in fact due to chance. I refer to it as an "insidious threat" becau								
															


17. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: How to Evaluate a Machine Learning Based Trading System? [more]

															Meta Alpha, LLC - Submitted to Opalesque as Guest Article - Confidential and Proprietary 1. Is it really machine learning, i.e. does it really learn? Many systems depend on traditional statistical techniques such as GARCH and other techniques but are not really machine learning. In othe								
															


12. May. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Aon Hewitt retirement and investment blog: Hedge fund indices as benchmarks [more]

															Executive Summary
Where clients are looking to benchmark hedge fund investments against a relevant market, or peer
average, we recommend that clients use HFRI Fund Weighted Indices as opposed to indices from other
providers or the newer Asset Weighted indices from HFRI.
In some situatio								
															


26. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: "Winner-take-all" dynamics and hedge fund investing [more]

															A growing stream of thinking in microeconomics is the concept of "winner-take-all" dynamics. The idea seems simple. A combination of networking economics and classic economies of scale creates situations where there are just a few dominant firms or economic agents who are able to capture significant								
															


04. Apr. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Hedge funds manage risk: Opposing view [more]

															By: Richard H. Baker

Even in times of pressure, research shows that investors particularly institutional investors such as pensions, foundations and endowments continue to use hedge funds as tools to help meet their unique financial and risk management needs.
 
This is especially true in the 								
															


08. Feb. 2017 | 
																
															Other Voices: Institutionalisation has secured the future of hedge funds, but industry must further evolve [more]

															From Christen Thomson, Citigate Dewe Rogerson: Reading some of the mainstream financial press, you would be forgiven for thinking that the hedge fund business model is dead. One august news organisation headlined one particularly gloomy story, "The Golden Era of Hedge Funds Draws to a Close With 								
															




Previous Other Voices
                                              
																									
Access Alternative Market Briefing


Access our fully search-able archive on hedge fund and alternatives news (71541 articles)


Go directly to current Alternative Market Briefing newsletter
























 









Top Forwarded
Top Tracked
Top Searched

Launches - Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle, Jersey players institutionalize first regulated crypto-currency hedge fund[more]
Bitcoin hedge fund launches ethereum-subscribed ICO investment vehicle
From Coindesk.com: The operators of a regulated, Jersey-based bitcoin hedge fund have officially closed a new $5 million fund aimed at investing in cryptocurrency tokens and initial coin offerings (ICOs). Backed by funSWFs - China Wealth fund backs TPG lender as part of U.S. property push[more]
From Bloomberg.com: China Investment Corp., the sovereign wealth fund that controls $814 billion in assets, is betting on U.S. real estate by investing in a commercial real estate lender formed by the money management firm TPG. In conjunction with last week's initial public offering of TPG RE FinancMonths to minutes: Enigma launch aims to boost crypto hedge fund creation[more]
From Coindesk.com: What if starting a hedge fund was as easy as downloading an API? A startup incubated at MIT Media Lab is today revealing a product designed with this ease-of-use in mind. Called Catalyst, the first product offering by blockchain startup Enigma aims to trigger nothing short of an eNorth America - Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings, US dominates new money portion of Greece's debt sale[more]
Hedge funds disclose their Puerto Rico debt holdings
From Reuters.com: A group of hedge funds that hold about $3 billion of Puerto Rico sales-tax-backed debt released a court filing late on Tuesday that revealed how much of the total amount each fund manages.

Decagon Holdings LLC, $25 million cryptocurrency fund launches to capitalize on the "internet of the future"[more]
From Coindesk.com: General Crypto, a $25 million cryptocurrency hedge fund, has launched to provide high net worth investors with liquid exposure to the cryptocurrency market and digital assets that they believe could run the technological infrastructure of the future. Since the start of 2017, the t
							Click here for More about Opalesque Tracking- A new, unique Premium Service -
emerging managersMillburnAQR"hedge fund launch"EMSOMoore Emerging Marketsstandard pacificids capitalmanaged accountSeed


Latest VideosFeaturing : Tages Capital: One of Europe's largest and most experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital.Tages Capital LLP is one of the most active and experienced providers of seed and acceleration capital to emerging alternative fund managers. Tages Capital has invested over $700m of seeding/acceleration capital across 15 trans...» Watch the videoMore Videos »Subscribe to Video Feed » 





 On this site people currently   read about: 



standard pacific
Mark
mortgage fund
pension
citigroup
nestle
Ospraie
bischoff
Moore Emerging Markets
japan
maga
golden china
King Street
Adar
hedge fund
goldentree
Kenmar
bridgewater
Maverick
marshall wace
man group
new fund launch
social media
ids capital
fund manager
HBK
redemptions
equinox
hugh hendry
CQS
turkey
credit
armored wolf
focus
viking
HEDGE
people
hermes
asia markets
Tudor
Hedge Fund Incubator
asian hedge fund
sungard
morgan stanley
Rothstein Kass
Seed
managed account
aqr
Gold
administration
onex
separately Managed Accounts
outsource
PAULSON
PARDUS




Opalesque Roundtable Series - U.K. 2017Current Issue (U.K. 2017)| |Roundtable Archive



ALTERNATIVE 
		MARKET BRIEFINGThe Only Hedge Fund Newswire Read By Elite Managers » More Current Issue |  Subscribe Now | Archive 

CME - S&P 500 (FUTURES – Sept.) – Daily
Near Term Trend: BullishFriday’s close: 2,470 (- 1.25)UPDATE: Last week, I suggested holding longs until 2,475 and then looking to short up at 2,489 with a downside target of 2,321.The S&P futures rallied all the way up to the initial target of 2,475 this week and backed off mildly. I now see 2,496 – 2,497 as being the top of the resistance range.I suggest continuing to lighten up on longs starting at 2,475 (if you haven’t already) and then looking to short up at 2,496 with stops in place on any daily close above 2,501. Use a downside target of 2,315.

Current Issue
 | Subscribe  | 
About















Company Information
About Opalesque
History
Awards & Reviews
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Media Kit
Contact


Publications
 Alternative Market Briefing

Technical Research
NEW MANAGERS




Opalesque Roundtables


Research

Technical Research



Private Equity Strategies



Products & Services

Events
Live Chat (for Traders only)

Connect with Opalesque

 Subscribe to our Services
 Subscribe to our RSS feed
 Connect with us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe to Opalesque.TV




back to top



					Publisher Opalesque is a member of the Opalesque Group. ©	2001-17 Opalesque | All rights reserved. Please visit other member firms and services of the Opalesque Group: 
					
					
					Hedge-Professionals Database  |
					 Opalesque.TV  | Opalesque Solutions


























Omni Event Fund LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Omni Event Fund LP  Financing
Omni Event Fund LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  This is a new filing. Omni Event Fund LP was able to sell $2,143,854. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 2 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $100,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-20. Omni Event Fund LP is based in  UGLAND HOUSE SOUTH CHURCH STREET, P.O. BOX 309 GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form was signed by  - Omni Event General Partner Limited.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687996




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Omni Event Fund LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Omni Event Fund LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


UGLAND HOUSE
SOUTH CHURCH STREET, P.O. BOX 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104
345 949-8066


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Omni Event General Partner Limited
-


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


Ugland House
South Church Street, P.O. Box 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


George Town, Grand Cayman
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The General Partner of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Simpson
Alison


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


Ugland House
South Church Street, P.O. Box 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


George Town, Grand Cayman
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of Omni Event General Partner Limited, the Issuer's General Partner.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Thomas
George
E.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


Ugland House
South Church Street, P.O. Box 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


George Town, Grand Cayman
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of Omni Event General Partner Limited, the Issuer's General Partner.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Clark
Steven


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


Ugland House
South Church Street, P.O. Box 309


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


George Town, Grand Cayamn
CAYMAN ISLANDS
KY1-1104



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of Omni Event General Partner Limited, the Issuer's General Partner.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





X
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


X
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-08-01

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$100,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$2,143,854

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The totals reflected in Items 13 and 14 exclude offshore investors.14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
2


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Customary advisory fees are paid by the Issuer to the General Partner as provided for in the Issuer's offering materials.Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Omni Event Fund LP
Alison Simpson
Alison Simpson
Director of the General Partner
2016-10-20


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Omni Event Fund LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20New Form DIndefinite$2,143,854Indefinite$100,000206b 3C 3C.7[view]The totals reflected in Items 13 and 14 exclude offshore investors.
Omni Event Fund LP List of Executives- Omni Event General Partner Limited, Alison Simpson, George Thomas, Steven Clark











Last visited: Cost Fund 1, LLC, DBL Partners III, L.P., Davidson Kempner Distressed Opportunities International (Cayman) Ltd., Davidson Kempner International (BVI), Ltd., Davidson Kempner Long-Term Distressed Opportunities Fund III LP

								© 
							


















HedgeZ Fund Profile
































Omni Macro
Fund I Limited

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        The Omni Macro Fund follows a discretionary macro strategy that seeks to capitalise on global macro themes. The Fund is committed to achieving opportunistic returns whilst limiting downside risk through robust risk management guidelines and procedures. Significant expertise is placed on the preservation of capital through portfolio construction, disciplined trading acumen and exposure guidelines. Portfolio investments are expressed across multiple asset classes, such as commodities, foreign exchange, fixed income and stock indices. There are five core considerations in the development of the macroeconomic view: supply, demand, money/credit, mass psychology and individual psychology. The rationale for trades is a result of the extensive fundamental and technical analysis we undertake. Implementing the macro view capitalises on essential trade execution skills such as sizing, timing and risk management. Investable themes in the portfolio tend to be medium to long-term in duration and are broken down into cycles within these periods. Core trades are generally positioned on the medium-term, with the Fund actively trading around these core views opportunistically. Preservation of capital is key to the Fund's investment approach. This is possible only through the use of a proactive approach to risk management. Therefore, the Fund invests almost exclusively in products and markets that provide superior liquidity under any market conditions. Typically, over 90% of the portfolio can be liquidated in one global business day. AUM reflects Strategy Assets. 
                                    

















 






















Omni Partners: Omni Event






















Home
About Us
Strategies

Omni Event

Strategy


Omni Secured Lending


Contact Us
Meet The Team
Media














Omni Event Strategy Omni Event follows an actively traded global event-driven strategy with a focus on equity and equity-related securities of companies undergoing significant corporate actions and other hard catalyst events.
The strategy's mandate is event-driven in the truest sense, with Omni Event investing predominantly in announced transactions. CIO, John Melsom, strives to enter the best risk/reward trades without being constrained by pre-defined geographic or industry exposure requirements. John targets events that he believes have a high degree of certainty and will increase Omni Event's exposure to these events as their outcomes become clearer.
Omni Event's investment portfolio is built opportunistically, and its composition at any given time depends wholly on the available set of investable events in the market. In constructing the fund's portfolio, the investment team monitors a broad range of events in equity markets around the world and distils the global opportunity set to those events offering the best risk/reward profile. During this process, the Omni Event team seeks to become experts on the nuances of each trade by conducting research on all relevant variables surrounding each event, including the following:


Technical aspects of the transaction


Legal and regulatory issues


Political considerations


Broader corporate landscape


Company fundamentals


Market views


Overall macroeconomic environment


For further details, please contact the Investor Relations team:

+44 (0)20 3540 1600
investorrelations@omni.co.uk


Omni Event Risk Management
Actively managing downside risk is vital in the delivery of consistent absolute returns. It is the investment team's key belief that the market will always offer opportunities to make profits, but it is the avoidance of loss that is paramount in maintaining consistently positive performance.
As a result of the thorough research and analysis that the investment team undertakes, the CIO is able to acquire strong conviction in the transactions in which he invests. This results in a relatively concentrated portfolio, where a limited number of positions constitute most of the risk in the portfolio.
Downside risk is mitigated by the use of a full range of risk management approaches including hedging positions, setting position size limits based on potential loss, employing tight stop-losses (including hard stops) and cutting positions in the event of inexplicable or exceptional share price movement.










Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)  Registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  Registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)

 © 2017 Omni Partners 
 development by artonezero









We use cookies to improve your experience of our site. If you continue we will assume your consent.      What are cookies?
Accept Cookies













































Omni Event Fund adds London-based marketing and investor relations manager | Hedgeweek








































Contact
About Us / Media
Ad guidelines
Cookies
 



Login
Register
 











Sign up for free newsletter 




Operational Resource Centre

Technology Resource Centre

Market Trends









news

Special Reports

Directory

Guides

Events

Training

Jobs

Awards










HomeNewsMoves & Appointments

  


Tweet  

Tweet  




 


Omni Event Fund adds London-based marketing and investor relations manager

Mon, 03/08/2015 - 14:06 
Tags
						: 
Moves & Appointments











Omni Partners has hired Rajesh Shanmuganathan as Marketing and Investor Relations Manager. Shanmuganathan will be based in Omni’s London office. 
He will be working with the existing marketing and investor relations team, which has grown from one to six people over the past three years. Rajesh’s main focus will be the Omni Event Fund (YTD performance +15% through 30 June 2015).
 
Rajesh has more than 12 years of experience in the alternatives investment industry within Europe and Asia. After graduating in Management Sciences he joined FRM (now a division of Man Group), where he became Vice President on the Sales and Marketing team in London. Rajesh left FRM after six years to join DKR Oasis Management LP in Hong Kong, where he was Head of Investor Relations for four years. Rajesh then returned to London to join LBV Asset Management LLP as a Director focussed on business development and investor relations.
 
The Omni Event Fund follows an actively managed global event-driven strategy with a focus on equity and equity related securities of companies undergoing significant corporate actions and other hard catalyst events. The fund’s mandate is event-driven in the truest sense, and Omni Event invests predominantly in announced transactions. The investment team strives to enter the best risk/reward trades without being constrained by pre-defined geographic or industry exposure requirements.
 
Omni’s Chief Executive Officer, Peter Coates (pictured), says: “It has been an outstanding year for Omni Event Fund as record valuations and pent-up activity continue to drive M&A and other corporate activity on a global scale. As investor interest in the Omni Event strategy has accelerated, we have decided to further enhance our marketing and investor relations capabilities. Rajesh’s extensive experience in marketing, investor relations and business development will help the team to work further with investors and prospects globally.”







Like this article ? Get the free daily newsletter



print
email
 



 









 





Furtherreading
	

from Hedgeweek  
FS Investments promotes CIO to President
Thu 27/07/2017 - 09:52


BWB Compliance expands with new Senior Consultant hire
Thu 27/07/2017 - 09:49


Dash Financial Technologies appoints Managing Director, Head of Human Resources
Wed 26/07/2017 - 10:52


StatPro appoints new North American Sales Director and Group Executive Board member
Tue 25/07/2017 - 10:54


Acadian Asset Management adds portfolio manager in London
Tue 25/07/2017 - 10:47



from our other sites 

Citi Private Bank appoints Global Head of Investments
Thu 27/07/2017 - 08:57


Nuveen names CIO for Multi-Asset Solutions
Thu 27/07/2017 - 08:54


TA Associates makes new hires and promotions in Boston and London
Wed 26/07/2017 - 21:26


Close Brothers Asset Management bolsters Discretionary Management Service team
Wed 26/07/2017 - 21:22


Deutsche Bank hires Eri Kakuta for Financial Institutions Group
Wed 26/07/2017 - 10:51



 
 







features 


Guides 
 
2017 Guide to setting up an Alternative Investment Fund in Europe
Wed, 2017-06-21 17:28

 

Blogs 
 
Building investment fund structures - from start-up to stardom
Tue, 2017-07-25 12:05

 
 
Before you head to the beach…
Fri, 2017-07-14 09:35

 
 
The CFTC provides more robust protection to whistleblowers
Wed, 2017-07-12 14:22

 

Awards 
 
Hedgeweek Global Awards 2017
Thu, 2017-04-06 14:14

 

Special Reports 
 
Cybersecurity in Europe 2017
Wed, 2017-07-12 12:59

 
 
Mitigating compliance risk for PE managers
Thu, 2017-07-20 10:29

 
 
SEI: Blockchain & building ecosystems in financial services  
Fri, 2017-07-14 10:06

 
 
MiFID II: Meeting the compliance challenge
Sat, 2017-05-13 14:24

 
 
Investment opportunities in infrastructure debt
Thu, 2017-05-18 12:11


 
 
 







 












events

 Total Alts 
 Thursday, September 7, 2017 - 00:00  

 Catalyst Cap Intro: L/S Equity | Event Driven Investing 
 Monday, September 18, 2017 - 12:30  

 Intralinks Insights Briefing: 2017 LP Survey 
 Thursday, September 21, 2017 - 08:00  

 ALTSO’s 6th Annual Rocktoberfest 
 Thursday, October 5, 2017 - 18:00  

 Mining Investment Middle East and Central Asia 2017  
 Monday, October 9, 2017 - 09:00  

All Events



 
 






training

 International Trade Finance – Dubai 
 Sun, 2017-09-10 00:00  

 International Securities Settlements & Custodial Services - Dubai 
 Tue, 2017-09-12 00:00  

 EMIR 
 Fri, 2017-09-15 00:00  

 International Payments 
 Mon, 2017-10-02 00:00  

 Strategic Corporate Governance - Kuwait 
 Tue, 2017-10-10 22:00  

All Courses



 
 






listingsdirectory

 Augentius  
 Thu, 2017-07-06 13:44  

 IKONIC Fund Services Ltd. 
 Tue, 2016-11-29 11:28  

 Backstop Solutions Group 
 Tue, 2016-11-08 17:44  

 The Gemini Companies 
 Mon, 2016-10-17 12:51  

 FundCount LLC 
 Tue, 2016-10-04 10:30  

More Directories



 
 











specialreports

		Stay connected
		











   

   

   

   

   



    More  

 


other gfm  publications



 



News
Special Reports
Guides
Events
Directory
Jobs
Awards 
Copyright © 2017 GFM Ltd. All Rights Reserved







Omni Event Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Clark  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Omni Event Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Ugland House South Church Street, P.O. Box 309 
    George Town, Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 345 949-8066 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-20


New


$2,143,854


$2,143,854


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Steven Clark 
 Director 


 Omni Event General Partner Limited 
 Promoter 


 Alison Simpson 
 Director 


 George E. Thomas 
 Director 

















Omni Partners LLP























Home
About Us
Strategies

Omni Event
Omni Secured Lending


Contact Us
Meet The Team
Media









Entrepreneurial
Transparent
Integrity
Alignment
Flexible



















Conditions of Use and Disclaimer


Important Information.
It is important that you read this page before proceeding. Omni Partners LLP has not taken any steps to ensure that the products and services referred to in this website are suitable for any particular investor. Distribution of the information contained in this website may be restricted by law in certain countries and persons who access it are required to inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Investors and/or prospective investors should rely only on the Fund's (as defined below) offering documents when making any decision to invest.
References to “this website” refer to www.omnipartners.co.uk and www.omni.co.uk.
Omni Partners LLP
This website has been published by Omni Partners LLP (“Omni”) which is a limited liability partnership formed in the United Kingdom, is an alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), is a registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and is a registered Commodity Pool Operator and Commodity Trading Advisor subject to regulation by the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). Omni acts as an investment manager to several strategies the event strategy and the secured lending strategy, managing a number of funds (each a “Fund“ and together the “Funds“).
Rule 2.2.3 of the FCA Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)requires FCA authorised firms to disclose whether they conform to the requirements of the UK Financial Reporting Council’s Stewardship Code (the “Code”). Adherence to the Code is voluntary. Omni pursues an active trading strategy involving a wide variety of investment products and timeframes. Whilst Omni supports the principles of the Code, it does not consider it appropriate to conform to the Code at this time. Further, Omni does not consider it appropriate to commit to a voluntary code of practice within a particular individual jurisdiction given the global nature of its investment strategy.
Distribution
This website does not constitute or form any part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe or purchase any shares in the funds mentioned in this website. Subscriptions for shares in any of the Funds referred to on this website should only be made on the terms of the relevant offering memorandum, the most recent financial statement and where applicable the relevant AIFM Directive investor reporting disclosure and no reliance should be placed on any information contained in this website. Investors and/or prospective investors should rely only on the offering documents when making any decision to invest.
This website is a marketing communication and is intended solely for distribution to professional clients, eligible counterparties and of a kind to whom the Funds may lawfully be promoted by a person authorised under the Act (an “authorised person”) by virtue of Section 238(5) of the Act and Chapter 4.12 of COBS.
This website is not intended for use in the United States or for the account of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")) except to persons who are "qualified purchasers" (as defined in the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Companies Act")) and "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act). The funds referred to in this website have not been registered, or authorized or approved by any regulatory authority.  All persons who access this site are required to inform themselves of and to comply with all applicable sales restrictions in their home country. 
It may be illegal to access or download the information contained in this website in certain countries and Omni disclaims all responsibility for any information accessed or downloaded from this website in breach of any law or regulation. Access to the information contained in the restricted part of this website requires the use of valid password. No other person should attempt to gain access to the restricted area.
Risk Warnings
Omni's investment strategies are speculative and entail substantial risks and should not constitute the sole or main investments in any investor's portfolio. The investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss on realisation which could equal the amount invested. Investors may not get back the entire amount originally invested. As there is no recognised market for the shares in the funds managed by Omni, it may be difficult for an investor to sell or realise the shares or to obtain reliable information about their value or the extent of the risks to which they are exposed. Changes in rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the shares in the Funds.
Past performance or experience is no guarantee of future performance. References to future returns are not promises or even estimates of actual returns an investor may achieve. The forecasts contained in this website are for illustrative purposes only and are not to be relied upon as advice or interpreted as a recommendation.
Prospective investors should review the offering documentation for the relevant Fund carefully and in its entirety and consult with their legal, tax and financial advisers in relation to the legal, tax, financial or other consequences of an investment in the Fund. Viewers of this website who intend to apply for interests in the Funds are reminded that any such application may be made solely on the basis of the information and opinions contained in the relevant offering documentation relating thereto, which may be different from the information and opinions contained in this website.
Nothing on this website constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor should it be relied upon in making an investment decision.
Omni does not undertake any responsibility for any reliance which is placed by any person on the information or opinions contained in this website. Any person who acts upon the information or opinions contained in this website or changes their investment position in reliance on this information does so entirely at their own risk.
Accuracy of Information and Liability
The information and opinions contained in this website are for background purposes only and do not purport to be full or complete, nor does this website constitute investment advice.
Omni believes that the source of the information and opinions contained in this website is reliable, however, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy, validity, timeliness, merchantability or completeness of the information or opinions contained in this website by Omni (or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, partners or employees) and no liability is accepted by Omni (or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, partners or employees) for the accuracy, validity, timeliness, merchantability or completeness of any such information or opinions whether prepared by Omni or by any third party, for any particular purpose or use or that the information or opinions will be free from error.
In no event will Omni (or any of its affiliates, directors, officers, partners or employees) be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damages whatsoever, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of, reliance upon, access or inability to access this website, or on any other hyper-linked site, including, without limitation, any lost profits, loss of opportunity, business interruption, loss of programmes or data on your equipment, or otherwise even if Omni is expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.
Changes to terms and conditions
We reserve the right at any time on giving notice to change or modify these terms and conditions or to impose new conditions in respect of this website or to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of this website. We shall be entitled to suspend and/or terminate your access to this website at any time on giving notice to you and in any event if you commit any breach of these terms and conditions. We shall have no liability to you for such suspension and/or termination. Notices may be served by any reasonable method including posting on this website.
Linked Websites
This website may, from time to time, include links to third party websites or contain information provided by third parties. Omni is not responsible for any third party websites or any third party content and does not guarantee that they will be continuously available.  The fact that Omni includes third party information or links to external websites does not imply any endorsement of or association with their providers or operators. Omni does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of such websites or information and has not and will not review or update such websites or information. Omni does not accept any liability arising out of the information contained on any third party website or information on this website provided by a third party and the use of such websites and information is at your own risk.
Intellectual property rights and Data Protection
All intellectual property rights in any content on this website (including text, graphics, software, photographs and other images, videos, sound, trade marks and logos) are owned by us or our licensors.  Except as expressly set out in these terms, you are not granted any rights in respect of any intellectual property rights owned by us or our licensors.
You are given access to the content on this website on a confidential basis. You are not allowed to create links to the website from any other website without our prior written consent.
You may download the information on this website and reproduce it in hard copy for your personal use only. The information contained in this website may not otherwise be reproduced, copied, stored, transmitted or redistributed in whole or in part to any other person or incorporated in any way into another database, document or other materials, systematically or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Omni. If you download, print off or copy any pages or content from the website as permitted by these terms, you must ensure that any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights notices contained in the content are reproduced. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading content from the website.
If you apply for a password to log-in to the password-protected areas of the website, you will be required to provide certain personal information. This information is voluntarily submitted, and it will be held by Omni on a database to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and for its own internal purposes. By submitting personal information in this way, you are consenting to its use for these purposes.
You must treat your log-on ID (including password) as confidential and must not reveal it to anyone else.  You are responsible for all activities that occur under your log-on ID and must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use or other security breach of which you become aware. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
The Conditions of Use of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with English law.






I Accept










 
About Us
Omni Partners LLP (“Omni”) is an investment management firm that has partnered with talented investment management teams to deliver opportunistic positive returns across a diverse set of strategies.
Omni believes that risk-managed opportunities are a powerful driver of performance.


Team
Each of the investment strategies is supported by separate business, risk, compliance and operations functions. The overall business is overseen by Steve Clark, Founder of Omni, who works closely with the investment and management teams to deliver results.


Media


Omni Partners Listed as one of the UK's 'Champions of Growth'
31 January 2017


Omni Secured Lending II Wins Alternative Yield at the Alt Credit 2016 Awards
15 December 2016


Omni Event Fund 3rd Year Anniversary
8 December 2016


Omni Partners launches third secured lending fund
20 May 2016


Real M&A Boom started this year
16 September 2015



 










Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)  Registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  Registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)

 © 2017 Omni Partners 
 development by artonezero









We use cookies to improve your experience of our site. If you continue we will assume your consent.      What are cookies?
Accept Cookies





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 





