

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Omni Hospitality Partners, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- None  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Omni Hospitality Partners, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2472 Chambers Road Suite 230 
    Tustin, CA, 92780Phone: 714-389-6699 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-07


New


$1,500,000


$1,500,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Omni Hospitality, Inc. None 
 Executive 
















Omni-Channel Guest Messaging and Engagement Solution Released at HITEC 2017








































menuclose









Industry Update




Supplier News26 June 2017Omni-Channel Guest Messaging and Engagement Solution Released at HITEC 2017
Integrations with Facebook Messenger and a new SDK give hoteliers cutting-edge tools and channels to connect with guests and improve social standing.

Toronto, Canada – Benbria® Corporation, the makers of the industry-leading Loop® mobile guest engagement solution for hotels, unveiled enhancements to its product suite at HITEC 2017 as part of its Loop® 2.0 release.

These new enhancements serve several purposes: to make it easier for guests to communicate with hotels on their preferred messaging channels using their mobile devices; to help hotels improve their social ranking by increasing the number of positive reviews received; and to enable hotels to develop an omni-channel approach to messaging across multiple customer touchpoints.
Integration with Facebook Messenger
With Loop Messenger™, hotel guests have always been able to send hotel staff messages via SMS text and web-based messaging, but as a result of this update, they are now able to connect via Facebook Messenger as well. All the guest needs to do is click the "Message" button on the hotel's Facebook page to begin a conversation. At that point, the Loop® bot asks the guests a few simple questions in order to acquire the information needed to log their message. The Loop Inbox provides a unified messaging experience, allowing hoteliers to receive and respond to all guest messages from a single solution, regardless of message source or format.

Loop® SDK
The new Loop® SDK allows hotels to integrate Loop® into any guest-facing interface connected to the internet. It enables hotels to use messaging and ordering regardless of technology that is being used now or will be used in the future.
Whether a hotel's guest engagement strategy involves a native app, a need for basic web-based messaging, texting, or integration with physical devices such as kiosks or in-room tablets, the Loop SDK allows guests to communicate in real time using the industry's first omni-channel solution.
"Omni-channel is a term the retail industry has used for years to describe the delivery of a consistent brand experience across multiple customer touchpoints," said James Geneau, Head of Marketing at Benbria. "With our new Loop® SDK, we are bringing that same ideology to messaging within the hospitality industry. Whether you want to incorporate real-time messaging and ordering into a native app, or want basic texting and Facebook Messenger management from a single inbox, Loop® 2.0 is flexible and scalable, and can be incorporated into any guest-facing channel."
Benbria will showcase these and other new features in Loop® 2.0 at the booths of a variety of strategic and technology partners — including Digital Alchemy®, Mitel®, and Verizon® — during HITEC 2017 in Toronto.
ContactAmy AllenManager, Content Marketing & Social MediaSend Email

Loop®, by Benbria Corporation, is a mobile messaging and engagement solution that helps brands
to enhance the customer experience. Leveraging the customer"s preferred choice of communications — texting, web chat, native app, email and kiosk — Loop® allows customers to communicate directly with a brand to make requests, resolve issues and share their experience before, during and after their visit. Closing the loop through on-the-spot staff action helps brands to improve customer satisfaction, save at-risk customers, increase revenue and drive long-term loyalty. For more information, visit www.benbria.com.




More from Benbria Corporation





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More






Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising









﻿











XOMNI Partners | OMNI-Channel Retail Platform























XOMNI | Omni-Channel Retail Platform
FacebookTwitter





It's time to maximizereturn on engagement!








Agency Partners



                                Confiz is a full service technology company with a proven track record of producing high performance industry solutions and applications.
                            

                                Throughout our history, we have expanded our offerings and capitalized on evolving technology trends to better serve our clients.
                            

                                With our extensive team, massive technology portfolio, subject matter expertise in verticals, and delivery method, we work with clients to achieve the best fit between technology and their business.
                            
//  For More Information




                                We help retailers and brands use the latest technology to create better shopping experiences.
                            

                                From major retailers like Macy’s and Sunglass Hut to brands like Calvin Klein and Addidas, we’ve worked with a diverse, ever-growing roster of marketers seeking creative technology solutions for in-store deployment.
                            

                                We are recognized as one of the United States’ leading systems integrators with an unequalled combination of expertise and experience designing, building and servicing digital in-store experiences.
                            
//  For More Information

 


At endjin, we help to solve business problems by the smart application of technology and design. Established in 2010, endjin has become the number one Microsoft Azure Partner in EMEA, delivering projects using cloud, mobile, desktop and embedded technologies in retail, financial services, and consumer applications.
//  For More Information

 


IdentityMine is an expert interactive design, software development and user experience (UX) company. We blend powerful design with advanced engineering to build technology for people and results for businesses and retailers. Our expertise includes working with Natural User Interfaces (NUI) technologies with an emphasis on Microsoft platforms.  Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, IdentityMine has deployed hundreds of experiences across multiple screens and form factors on a global level.
//  For More Information

 



                                Red Badger is a creative software workshop on Old Street, right at the heart of Silicon Roundabout in London.
                            

                                We love to craft. We love to innovate. And more than anything, we love to create beautiful, compelling experiences built around robust technologies.
                            

                                We provide our customers with fully integrated, multi-discipline teams that are able to take a project from concept through user experience, design, development and testing. We work with with leading brands such as Selfridges, Fortnum & Mason, BSkyB, BBC and BMW to deliver a better online experience.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                SMITH is one of North America’s leading digital experience agencies. Creators of transactional brand moments for humans living in an all-channel world, SMITH is proud to serve some of the world’s most highly recognized brands, including Microsoft, AT&T, Cisco, Motorola, Amtrak, Nestle, Sam’s Club, Xerox, and MasterCard.
                            

                                With the synthesis of more than three decades of combined experience, SMITH builds digital experiences founded on commerce, content, campaigns and connections.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                thebigspace was created by people who have a deep understanding of consumers and what the power of breakthrough technology combined with intelligent consumer insight means. We help retailers stimulate, empower and motivate their customers - inspiring trust, loyalty, sharing and self-expression.
                            

                                We combine in-Store consumer engagement software, interactive smart fixtures and customer experience design to enable retailers to connect more deeply with their customers and facilitate individual conversations between them.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                Think Tank. Lab. Studio. Vectorform invents digital products and experiences with a focus on innovative mobile and emerging technology solutions.
                            

                                Vectorform was founded in 1999 and has studios in Seattle, Detroit, New York, Munich and Hyderabad.
                            
//  For More Information






Technology Partners



                                Elo founders pioneered the touch screen over 40 years ago. Today, Elo Touch Solutions is a leading global supplier of touch-enabled technology, products and industry solutions. The Elo portfolio encompasses the broadest selection of OEM touchscreen components, touchmonitors, and all-in-one touchcomputers for the demanding requirements of diverse markets, including gaming machines, hospitality systems, industrial automation, interactive kiosks, healthcare, office equipment, point of sale terminals, retail displays, and transportation applications. The Elo touch experience has consistently stood for quality, reliability and innovation with over 20 million installations worldwide.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                Headquartered in New York City, Magnetic 3D (http://www.magnetic3d.com) designs and produces industry-leading, end-to-end, autostereoscopic (glasses-free 3D) solutions. Magnetic 3D’s proprietary Enabl3D™ technology modifies flat-panel displays, enabling them to show high-definition 3D video content without the need for special eyewear. This process provides audiences with a realistic visual experience that includes both captivating off-screen “pop” and the immersive perception of depth on what would otherwise be a flat display. The company focuses on exceeding clients’ 2D expectations by delivering the highest-quality glasses-free 3D visual experience in retail digital signage, gaming, hospitality, movie theaters, casinos, hotels and other public venues.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                polytouch® is the ultimate Omni-Channel solution for a wide range of industries and application areas for product presentations, self-management of check out processes, as well as an information terminal.
                            

                                Thanks to its modularity and flexible design this unique device with the best touch technology is your competitive edge.
                            

                                Whatever your business is, it will be smarter with polytouch®.
                            
//  For More Information

 



                                SOLOMO Technology provides the only smart location platform combining traffic analytics and mobile engagement with consumer empowerment. The SOLOMO Exchange™ platform provides a new view of business performance with the means to leverage the rapid adoption of smartphones. As the world get smarter, SOLOMO Technology will be there to provide businesses with the tools to make the most of it. For additional information, please visit www.solomotechnology.com or follow us on Twitter @SLM_Technology.
                            
//  For More Information




                                Shoptelligence offers dynamic ensemble recommendations and easily plugs into a variety of solutions including Mobile, POS, Clienteling and Interactive Signage to increase basket size, maximize margin and delight shoppers.  Using artificial intelligence and advanced analytics, we to power a relevant and personalized shopping experience delivering a “digital shopping assistant” that automatically adapts to evolving tastes to provide shoppers goal and lifestyle-based personal shopping assistance.
                            
//  For More Information








Are you ready for the Omni-Channel digital shopping experience?
get started today!
























Omni Hotels | BirchStreet Systems



































































































 
Request Demo





































 




September 11, 2014 by IT

Comments are off 


Industry: Hospitality
Products: eProcurement, AP Automation
Locations: Worldwide with ~70 locations
http://www.omnihotels.com/
Omni Case Study


Filters 















		
﻿		



ConnectFacebookGoogle +InstagramLinkedinTwitterYouTubeNewsletter 
 

At a GlanceBlog
Careers We are hiring
Contact Us
Request Demo
Resources
Privacy Policy
 


 

Contact Us General Info
1301 Dove Street, Suite 300,
Newport Beach, California 92660
Main: 949-567-7000
Support: 949-567-7030
Sales: 949-567-7000 x 3
sales@birchstreet.net

 
We self-certify compliance with:


 















WordPress Video Lightbox Plugin













 Would you like a demo ?

Yes!
 











OMNI HOSPITALITY LLC - CLEVELAND, TN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TN



CLEVELAND



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            OMNI HOSPITALITY LLC
                                    



 





















O 


OMNI HOSPITALITY LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3555 KEITH ST NW STE 106 CLEVELAND, TN 37312
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2008 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







O

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Contracting Profile: Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC - Holiday Inn Express & Suites Prattville - Prattville AL (DBA Holiday Inn)

























 



  
    Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC vendor 038166803            Vendors    Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC          Add Alert          Sign Up     Actions     Add to Partners             Claim Vendor              Similar Vendors              Related Contracts      Related Projects       Help         Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC - Holiday Inn Express & Suites Prattville - Prattville AL (DBA Holiday Inn)   Federal Vendor        Last active 11 months ago                     


     0 of 5 with 0 ratings              A GovTribe Overview   Want to better understand the GovTribe website? Take a look at our video tutorials.   Show me!          Welcome to GovTribe!   We provide leading federal market intel and awesome tools to manage your pursuit process.   Plans start at $24 a month.   Try For Free              Name    Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC - Holiday Inn Express & Suites Prattville - Prattville AL (DBA Holiday Inn)        Division    Holiday Inn Express & Suites Prattville        Parent     Omni Hospitality Of Millbrook LLC         Address     203 Legends Ct Prattville, AL 36066 USA             Website    http://www.holidayinnexpress.com/prattvilleal        Primary Category      Hotels (except Casino Hotels) and Motels (721110)         Size    $1.8M annual revenue / 18 employee(s)        Contact(s)      Layne Matthews Sales(E-Business - Alternate) P: 3342022052   Toni Colquitt Forster Sales(Past Performance - Alternate) P: 3342902970   Brittney Colquitt Forster Sales(E-Business) P: 3342902970          Structure    Partnership or Limited Liability Partnership        Designations        Self Certified Small Disadvantaged Business                      11 months ago        $72k  FA330014A0011-FA330016FG015 BPA Call    UTA LODGIING        1 year ago        $ --  W912JA16A0014 BPA    BPA W912JA16A0014 (P00001) awarded to OMNI HOSPITALITY OF MILLBROOK LLC, was modified for the amount of $0        1 year ago        $ --  W912JA15A0009 BPA    BPA W912JA15A0009 (P00001) awarded to OMNI HOSPITALITY OF MILLBROOK LLC, was modified for the amount of $0        1 year ago        $ --  W912JA16A0014 BPA    New BPA W912JA16A0014 awarded to OMNI HOSPITALITY OF MILLBROOK LLC for the amount of $0        1 year ago        $ --  W912JA15A0009 BPA    New BPA W912JA15A0009 awarded to OMNI HOSPITALITY OF MILLBROOK LLC for the amount of $0        1 year ago        $72.3k  FA330014A0011-G002 BPA Call    LODGING FOR UTA RESERVE MILITARY        3 years ago        $39.6k  FA330014A0011-G001 BPA Call    LODGING FOR UTA RESERVE MILITARY        3 years ago        $ --  FA330014A0011 BPA    908TH LODGING BPA        3 years ago        $4k  W912JA13M0132 Purchase Order    09 AUG 13 IDT DOUBLE OCCUPANCY ROOMS                                 
















Our Team | Trust Hospitality





















 




Trust Hospitality
 




Executive Team











Richard Millard
 Chairman and CEO
A well-known and highly respected industry veteran, Richard Millard has been at the helm of Trust Hospitality for nearly three decades. Prior to joining Trust, the UK-born hotelier served in management positions with some of the world’s most recognized hotel companies, including Hyatt, Sheraton and Hilton. A self-described “lifetime hotelier,” he led Trust into the boutique segment and continues to guide its development and growth. 






Michael Register
 Partner and Head of Development
A former practicing attorney who also founded, developed and sold a successful software company, Michael Register brings a wealth experience to the hospitality industry. Prior to joining Trust Hospitality as a partner, he was Senior Vice President of Business Development and General Counsel of the acclaimed Nikki Beach. Born in New York, he grew up in Florida and has lived in Sao Paulo and Miami. 






Florent Gateau
 Senior Vice President of Operations
Florent Gateau is currently the founder of New World Concept Group. A talented and enthusiastic hospitality professional with 20 years of upper-level management experience, Gateau has been responsible for the operations of some of the most luxurious properties in the Americas.
Under his group, Gateau began advising for Mukul resort’s board of Directors and operational team, in Nicaragua with their opening launch in 2013 , as well as the rebirth and repositioning of Frank Sinatra’s famed CalNeva in North Lake Tahoe and the Historic Aetna Springs in Napa California, Prior to these launches, he was the advisor to the National Hotel and CIDinvest USA to oversee their US assets and the launch of the $15 million renovation of the hotel.
Prior to the National Hotel, he spent a year as Managing Director of ONE Bal Harbour Resort, Spa & Residences in nearby Bal Harbour, where he helped ownership take their newly acquired property to a Small Luxury Hotels of the World level. Prior to One Bal Harbour, Florent was the opening general manager at the Viceroy Miami at Icon in Brickell, Florida from 2008 to 2010; this included the launch of the 1800 unit Icon brickell for the related group and all of the residential amenities, from conceptualizing of the spa to the nightclub venue and bringing in Michael Psilakis and Donatella Arpaia as the culinary concept for EOS, the signature dining venue.
Before Viceroy, Gateau was the Managing Director of Acqualina in Sunny Isles, Florida, from 2006-2008; he came in after the opening, back to Rosewood Hotels and helped in the relaunch of the Condo Hotel and Resort amenities, Florent Gateau was the opening Hotel Manager of The Setai in Miami Beach from 2004 to 2006. He helped create the brand with Manvinder Puri, the regional VP for GHM hotels. The branding and concepts were all customized to create the luxury leader of the Miami Beach market place.
Before coming back to Miami, Gateau enjoyed a successful run with Rosewood Hotels and Resorts, including Hotel Manager of the renowned Mansion on Turtle Creek in Dallas and as opening team and Resort Manager of Las Ventanas al Paraiso, Baja California Sur in Los Cabos, Mexico from 1997-2003. Florent was instrumental in the creation of the destination resort in the beginning of the Los Cabos area. Fluent in English, Spanish and French, Gateau was born and raised in Europe and currently resides in Miami but mostly in the coach section of an American Airline plane. 






Edmund Sulzman
 Senior Vice President of Operations
A 25-year hospitality industry veteran, Edmund Sulzman has vast experience operating independent boutique hotels, most notably for Kimpton Hotel Group and W Hotels. He has worked in many major U.S. markets, including Boston, New York, San Francisco, New Orleans, Honolulu, Portland (Oregon and Maine) and Seattle. Born in the Northeast, he is currently based in Manhattan and oversees the Northeast region for Trust. 






Greg Kaylor
 Vice President Technical Services
Born in Indiana. With over 40 years of diverse experience from boutique and lifestyle brands, to corporate and resort properties. Serving tenures as Vice President of Operations, and Director of Operations while with TECTON, Kaylor held direct operational oversight responsibilities for well over 100 properties both Franchised and Independent hotels throughout the United States and the Caribbean. 






Carlos Santos
 Director of Operations for Central & South America
Born in Bogota. Carlos has over 18 years of experience in the Hospitality Industry. He started as manager in training, then became General Manager and finally Director of Operations for 12 hotels with over 1,200 rooms at Hoteles Royal. He has also held managerial positions at Andres Carne de Res, Continental Hotel in Bogota and Club Campestre El Rancho. Besides from being the General Manager of our property Hotel B3, he currently oversees the Central and South America region for Trust. 






Dave MacRae
 Vice President of Finance
Responsible for the day-to-day implementation and compliance of financial controls across the Trust Hospitality portfolio, Dave McRae has more than 19 years of industry experience. While at Omni Resort at Champions Gate, Fla., he managed a $200 million budget and led owners through a $150 million property financing. Previously, the proud Midwesterner was the area controller of Atlanta’s Omni CNN Center, overseeing six hotels. 






Teri Merritt
 Vice President of Marketing
A Florida native, Teri has successfully led and re-invented the marketing, digital and distribution efforts in the hotel industry for the world's largest Hospitality company, Marriott International for 25 successful years in various executive marketing roles, the latest as VP of Brand Marketing & eCommerce for Marriott’s Americas Continental division. Her expertise in various continents, including Latin America, Europe and the Middle East, gives her the global understanding to strategically direct and achieve profitable marketing initiatives in different hotel types across multiple geographies.  She provides strategic and tactical direction to the Trust portfolio in the Marketing & Digital disciplines. 






Fred Khoury
 Vice President of Sales
Prior to his role at the Islamorada Resort Company, Khoury spent time at the Viceroy Miami Hotel, located in Brickell Miami. His role was to reinvigorate the hotel image and increase its presence, both online and within the community. As a key member of the hotel’s executive team, he was responsible for all aspects of the hotel’s marketing, sales, catering public relations and revenue generation efforts.
Prior to his move to Miami, Khoury spent the majority of his career in Chicago, where he was the opening Director of Sales and Marketing for the first Radisson Blu Hotel in the U.S. Prior to his position at Radisson Blu Hotel, Khoury served as Director of Sales at Hard Rock Chicago, where he oversaw individual and group sales, as well as catering. He also spent seven years with Hyatt Hotels, most notably as Director of Sales and Marketing for the Park Hyatt Chicago.
Recognized for his understanding of the hospitality industry and hospitality management, Khoury combines marketing acumen with sales experience to drive gains in revenue, market share and ADR performance. His accolades include nomination for Marketing Plan of the Year by Carlson/Rezidor (2012) and Team Player of the Year (1998).
Raised in Limassol Cyprus, Khoury moved to Montreal Canada where he earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Hotel and Restaurant Management from LaSalle College. Since his move to Miami in 2013, he has quickly integrated into the local Miami community, enjoying the diversity and pulse of the city and plans on making it his home for the long-term 






Cindy Duran
 Corporate Human Resources Director
Born in sunny Miami, FL. Passionate about people, service and hotels. Wyndham, Starwood Hotels and Morgan's Hotel Group were the pillars of her experience in operations and Human Resources teams for over 10 years. She now focuses on bringing talent, passion, efficiency and technology together to create a great company culture at Trust Hospitality. 






Alexandra Novella
 Corporate Director of Sales
As Corporate Director of Sales for Trust Hospitality, Alexandra Novella puts more than 15 years of hands-on hospitality industry experience to the test as she leads the company's corporate sales and marketing programs. Previously, Novella held management positions with award-winning hotels, including the Sonesta Key Biscayne & Coconut Grove, Canyon Ranch Hotel & Spa in Miami Beach and Indura Beach & Golf Resort in Tela Bay. 








Destinations





"For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travels sake. The great affair is to move." 
Robert Louis Stevenson


"Wine and cheese are ageless companions, like aspirin and aches, or June and moon, or good people and noble ventures."  
M. F. K. Fisher 


"For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return."  
M. F. K. Fisher 


"I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list."  
Susan Sontag  



 





Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn


 





















	LS Retail > LS Retail Portal





























 












Register



Login



















 









 









 

























 

















LS Retail Portal 

  
                LS Retail Portal








































































































































Welcome






Please log on the portal to get access to support, product downloads, documentation, pricelists, forum and various other information. Customers will get access to limited parts of the material on the portal but we plan to add valuable information for them based on demand. 

Already registered users will need to review and edit their contact information when they log in for the first time on this new portal. 

If you are not a registered member, please click on the Register button in the below form, fill out the required details and submit the registration.













Account Login















Email Address:





Password:





Login
Cancel



Remember Login


 


Register
Reset Password









































































































































































