






Oncorus




































































lab scientist testing samples
Going viral to beat cancer








cancerous cell research
Going viral to beat cancer








microscope in the lab cancer research
Going viral to beat cancer






Oncorus is an early-stage biotechnology company developing a next-generation immunotherapy platform to treat cancer. Oncorus is a leader in corporate philanthropy, and has taken a pledge to donate a portion of product sales to fund promising cancer research and to support cancer care in the developing world. LATEST NEWS





Featured
























May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy




2017 NEVYs Nominee Spotlight




May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy






May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



May 16, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy


 
 
















Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy




The Next Generation: Top 20 Life Science Startups to Watch in 2017




Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy






Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy



Feb  9, 2017

News

Stacy Gilroy


 
 
 
 










WHO WE AREMeet the leadership team and well-known biotechnology entrepreneurs and learn about the mission of Oncorus. Learn More →









JOIN THE TEAMThis is an exciting time in the development and formation of Oncorus.  Joining us now means having the opportunity to get in on the ground floor and make a visible impact.   Find Out How →
















 










Oncorus - MPM Capital




























































 Back to companies







Oncology
Current



Oncorus, Inc. is a lean early-stage biotechnology company developing a next-generation immunotherapy platform to treat cancer. Oncorus was founded MPM Managing Director Mitch Finer, a well-known biotechnology entrepreneur.  Oncorus is a leader in corporate philanthropy, and has taken a pledge to donate a portion of product sales to fund promising cancer research and to support cancer care in the developing world. 
 
oncorus.com












X










X










X





































Leadership — Oncorus
























































Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer/Chief Scientific OfficerMitchell H. Finer, PhD founded Oncorus and currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and “Chief Coolhunter”. As CEO, he has responsibility for guiding the strategic build of Oncorus and overseeing operations across the company. As Chief Coolhunter, Dr. Finer is ever on the prowl for innovative technologies that will increase the probability of success of existing development programs as well as product opportunities that are synergistic with the existing portfolio and will overall improve the success of the business.Mitch joined MPM Capital as Managing Director in 2015 and is a member of the board of directors of MPM portfolio company Semma Therapeutics. For three decades Mitch has focused in the areas of regenerative medicine, cancer immunotherapy and cell and gene therapy, helping to advance products from conception through phase III clinical programs. Prior to MPM, Mitch served as CSO of bluebird bio, where he was responsible for strategic build of bluebird’s gene therapy business and led the strategic development of the LentiGlobin product from preclinical research through demonstration of long-term therapeutic benefit and safety in beta-thalassemia patients. Mitch continues to serve on bluebird bio’s scientific advisory board.  Prior to bluebird, Mitch served as CEO of Intracel Corporation and Genteric Inc, and as VP Research for Cell Genesys and the Gencell division of Aventis Pharma (now Sanofi).  Mitch also successfully co-founded retinal disease gene therapy company Avalanche Biotechnologies.Mitch received his PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Harvard University and a BS in Biochemistry and Microbiology from the University of California at Berkeley. He completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research at MIT.







Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D.President& CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICERCyrus D. Mozayeni, MD is co-founder of Oncorus and serves as President and Chief Business Officer (CBO), responsible for corporate development, finance, legal, human resources and business operations.  Cyrus is focused on building a great company that will make a true difference in the world, through its people, culture, partnerships and products.Prior to joining Oncorus, Cyrus served as Vice President and global head of business development and alliance management at bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ: BLUE). During his tenure at bluebird, he helped develop the company’s corporate development strategy, and led several transactions to build the company’s technology platform and product portfolio. Ultimately his efforts led to a multi-year collaboration with Celgene Corporation, culminating in a clinical-stage CAR T-cell program.  Cyrus also successfully managed the identification and development of key internal intellectual property and contributed to bluebird’s successful Initial Public Offering in 2013. In addition to his extensive business development experience, Dr. Mozayeni has held key leadership roles in preclinical and clinical development, business operations, strategic planning, intellectual property and legal functions.Dr. Mozayeni received his B.S. in neuroscience from Brown University, his M.D. from the University of Virginia School of Medicine and his MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. He is a licensed physician, and a Fellow of the Academy of Wilderness Medicine.







Michael PagliaVICE PRESIDENT, CMC OperationsThe Oncorus Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls department consisting of process development, manufacturing, analytical sciences and quality control is led by Michael.  Michael has spent the last fifteen years in biotechnology building and leading process development and manufacturing teams to support clinical programs from early development to late stage clinical trials.  Most recently, Michael was the Sr. Director of Technical Operations and head of Cellular Process Development and Manufacturing Operations at bluebird bio.  Michael established and was responsible for internal and external cellular process development and analytics, cGMP manufacturing operations, CMC regulatory strategy, cellular procurement, and process characterization and validation activities.  For over four years, Michael and his team successfully completed the development, scale-up, characterization, technology transfer and manufacturing of drug product for all lentiviral vector-based autologous hematopoietic stem cell and CAR T cell programs.  Prior to joining bluebird bio, Michael was the Director of Manufacturing and head of Process Development at Tolerx, Inc. where he was responsible for advancing multiple immunology and cancer biology programs from discovery to late stage clinical manufacturing including the Phase III/commercial candidate Otelixizumab.Michael received a BS in Biology from Providence College and a MSc in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of New Hampshire.







Alexandra Hicks, Ph.D.senior Director, pharmacology & ToxicologyAlexandra is the Senior Director of Pharmacology and Toxicology at Oncorus where she is leading discovery and development activities to support regulatory milestones for lead and next generation Oncolytic viruses. Alexandra has over fifteen years’ experience in pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, leading preclinical and translational drug discovery efforts spanning multiple disease areas and therapeutic modalities.  Most recently, Alexandra was the Sr. Director of Translational Sciences for Onkaido, a Moderna Venture, where she was responsible for developing and executing biomarker strategies for immunomodulatory mRNA therapeutics.  Prior to Moderna, Alexandra was a Director of Research at Merck where she led research teams to advance novel therapeutics for Autoimmune Diseases and Oncology.  Preceding Merck, Alexandra held positions of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline, Roche and PTC Therapeutics.  Alexandra’s research experience and accomplishments encompass target validation, lead identification and optimization, and clinical proof of concept, including IND and NDA filings.Alexandra received a BSc in Biomedical Science from the University of Sheffield and a PhD in Pharmacology from University College London in collaboration with Pfizer.  She completed a post-doctoral fellowship at GlaxoSmithKline in Philadelphia.







Kenneth Simon, Ph.D.Director, Molecular Biology and VirologyKenneth Simon Ph. D. is the Director of Molecular Biology and Virology for Oncorus. He is leading discovery and development work on Oncorus’ next generation oncolytic viruses.Ken has over 16 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Most recently, Ken was a Project Director at Abbvie and then served as a consultant for Editas Medicine, working on the development of viral vectors. Prior to that Ken spent 13 years at Biogen in Cambridge MA where he developed multiple therapeutic antibody candidates including one program currently in phase 2 clinical testing. Starting in 2005, Ken co-led a program on progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) addressing all aspects of treatment, early detection, and biomarker discovery, as well as research on the biology of the virus to identify targets for intervention, and was instrumental in the discovery and development of Stratify-JCV, a FDA approved clinical assay to identify patients at risk of JCV infection.Ken received his PhD in Molecular and Cellular Biology from SUNY Stony Brook and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and a BS in Biochemistry from the University of California at San Diego. He completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the Salk Institute For Biomedical Research in La Jolla California.







Stacy N. GilroyDirector, OperationsStacy Gilroy joined Oncorus in March 2016 as Director, Operations and has the bragging right of being the second official employee of the company behind the CEO and founder, Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D.  She is leading the building of the infrastructure of the company and overseeing the day to day functions of HR, Facilities and IT.  Prior to joining Oncorus, Stacy was the eighth hire at bluebird bio where she helped to form and lead the operations team from 2010 – 2016.  There she successfully led the company through multiple moves and expansion projects while serving as a major contributor to the company culture and was one of the creators of the core values.  Before making a career change to Massachusetts and the biotech community, Stacy worked as a project coordinator in the entertainment industry in New York City where she started out her career perfecting the art of getting coffee on the set of the American soap opera One Life to Live.  Stacy holds a BA in Communications from Rowan University.








































 



 Oncorus®, Inc. Launches with $57 Million Series A Financing 
         










    










 













 











 



















Oncorus®, Inc. Launches with $57 Million Series A Financing
        																																
              

          - Top Academic Scientists Joined by Leading Investors and Veteran Management Team -- Proceeds Will Advance Next-Generation Platform Using Oncolytic Virus in Brain Tumors and Other Cancers -
        











 News provided by
Oncorus, Inc.  
Jul 19, 2016, 10:17 ET









 Share this article




























































CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oncorus®, Inc., a new immuno-oncology company developing a next-generation immunotherapy platform of oncolytic viruses for the treatment of several tumor types including highly malignant and aggressive cancers such as glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), today announced the successful completion of a $57 million Series A financing.








Investors were led by MPM Capital (with equal contributions from MPM BV2014 and the Oncology Impact Fund), and included Deerfield Management, Arkin Bio Ventures, Celgene, Inc., Excelyrate Capital, Long March Investment Fund and MPM's SunStates Fund. Proceeds from the Series A financing round will be used to advance Oncorus's immunotherapy platform using its next-generation oncolytic herpes simplex virus (oHSV).
Luke Evnin, Ph.D., MPM Capital co-founder and Chairman of Oncorus's Board of Directors stated, "Oncorus's next-generation immunotherapy platform is extremely innovative and could potentially help many thousands of patients diagnosed with deadly cancers such as glioblastoma. We are pleased to have an outstanding group of co-investors supporting this experienced management team to advance what we believe could become a new paradigm in cancer treatment."
Industry veteran and Oncorus co-founder Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D., leads the Oncorus management team as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer. Dr. Finer also serves on Oncorus's Board of Directors along with Dr. Evnin; Briggs Morrison, CEO, Syndax; Cameron Wheeler, Ph.D., Principal, Deerfield Management; and, Alon Lazarus, Ph.D., Biotech Investment Manager, Arkin Bio Ventures. As part of the launch management team, Thomas W. Chalberg, Ph.D., has joined as Chief Operating Officer on an interim basis. 
"This is an exciting time for Oncorus. We are thrilled to have such high-quality investors joining the team," said Dr. Finer. "We have an urgency to develop medicines for patients with deadly cancers for which limited treatment options currently exist. This financing will fuel substantial development and enable us to advance this technology to help patients."
Oncorus licensed certain patent rights from the University of Pittsburgh based upon the work of renowned scientists Joseph Glorioso III, Ph.D., and Paola Grandi, Ph.D., who will join Oncorus's Scientific Advisory Board. The company will invest in researching and developing oncolytic viral constructs which will move through preclinical development and ultimately into clinical trials. Currently, the company's lead candidate is in preclinical development for GBM. The company will also expand and improve its technology platform and accelerate the development of pipeline programs in other forms of cancer.
About GlioblastomaGlioblastoma (or glioblastoma multiforme or GBM) is the most common and most aggressive of the gliomas, the most common type of malignant tumor that originates in the brain. Glioblastomas are usually highly malignant and, despite maximum treatment, the cancer typically recurs. The most common length of survival following a diagnosis is 12 to 15 months, with less than five percent of patients diagnosed with GBM surviving more than five years.
About Oncorus, Inc.Oncorus, Inc. is an early-stage biotechnology company developing a next-generation immunotherapy platform of oncolytic viruses to treat several types of cancer, including highly malignant and aggressive cancers. A leader in corporate philanthropy, Oncorus has taken a pledge to donate a portion of product sales revenue to fund promising cancer research and to support cancer care in the developing world. The company is located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Visit www.oncorus.com for more information.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncorus-inc-launches-with-57-million-series-a-financing-300300423.html
SOURCE  Oncorus, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.oncorus.com



 












Sep 07, 2016, 10:17 ET
Preview: Oncorus®, Inc. Appoints Biotech Industry Veteran Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief Business Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Oncorus®, Inc. Launches with $57 Million Series A Financing


 News provided by
Oncorus, Inc.  
Jul 19, 2016, 10:17 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























Oncorus - Massachusetts Biotechnology Council









MassBio

Search
Menu









						Search
					



















Oncorus

Biotechnology
Drug Development


Cambridge,
					
						MA


Oncorus, Inc. is an early-stage biotechnology company developing an next-generation immunotherapy platform to treat cancer. Oncorus’s technology platform, based on innovative advancements with oncolytic viruses, has the potential to treat many tumor types, including highly malignant and aggressive cancers. Oncorus was founded by leading academic scientists and biotechnology entrepreneurs, including Mitchell H. Finer, PhD, an industry veteran and Managing Director of MPM Capital. A leader in corporate philanthropy, Oncorus has taken a pledge to donate a portion of product sales to fund promising cancer research and to support cancer care in the developing world. Oncorus is headquartered in Kendall Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts.








Contact
857-320-6400
Company Website
LinkedIn
@OncorusInc

































 



 Oncorus®, Inc. Appoints Biotech Industry Veteran Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief 
         










    











 













 











 



















Oncorus®, Inc. Appoints Biotech Industry Veteran Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief Business Officer
        																																						
              

          - Former bluebird bio Global Head of Business Development Joins Newly Launched Immuno-Oncology Company -
        











 News provided by
Oncorus, Inc.  
Sep 07, 2016, 10:17 ET









 Share this article






























































CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sept. 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oncorus®, Inc., a new immuno-oncology company developing a next-generation immunotherapy platform of oncolytic viruses for the treatment of several tumor types including highly malignant and aggressive cancers such as glioblastoma multiforme, today announced the appointment of Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief Business Officer. Dr. Mozayeni will provide strategic leadership for the company, as well as have responsibility for corporate development, finance, legal, human resources and business operations. Dr. Mozayeni will report to Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D., Oncorus' Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer. 








"For nearly two decades, Cyrus has built an impressive performance history of strategic business development accomplishments," said Dr. Finer. "With his wealth of experience and proven track record, Cyrus will be a valuable asset and play a critical role as we fulfill our mission to develop medicines for patients with deadly cancers, for which limited treatment options exist, based on our next-generation immunotherapy platform. I could not be more pleased about his appointment to this vital role at this important time."
"I am honored to take on this role at Oncorus during this exciting time, and look forward to partnering with Mitch, the Board and our talented team, to deliver on our innovative platform and vision," said Dr. Mozayeni.
Prior to joining Oncorus, Dr. Mozayeni served as Vice President and global head of business development and alliance management at bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:    BLUE). During his tenure at bluebird, he helped develop the company's corporate development strategy, and led several transactions to build the company's technology platform and product portfolio. Ultimately his efforts led to a multi-year collaboration with Celgene Corporation, culminating in a clinical-stage CAR T-cell program.  Cyrus also successfully managed the identification and development of key internal intellectual property and contributed to bluebird's successful Initial Public Offering in 2013. In addition to his extensive business development experience, Dr. Mozayeni has held key leadership roles in preclinical and clinical development, business operations, strategic planning, intellectual property and legal functions. 
Dr. Mozayeni received his B.S. in neuroscience from Brown University, his M.D. from the University of Virginia School of Medicine and his MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. He is a licensed physician, and a Fellow of the Academy of Wilderness Medicine.
About Oncorus, Inc.Oncorus, Inc. is an early-stage biotechnology company developing a portfolio of next-generation immunotherapy products, leveraging its proprietary oncolytic viruses platform, to treat several types of cancer, including highly malignant and aggressive cancers, based upon the work of renowned scientists Joseph Glorioso III, Ph.D., and Paola Grandi, Ph.D., from the University of Pittsburgh. A leader in corporate philanthropy, Oncorus has taken a pledge to donate a portion of product sales to fund promising cancer research and to support cancer care in the developing world. The company is located in Kendall Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Visit www.oncorus.com for more information.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncorus-inc-appoints-biotech-industry-veteran-cyrus-d-mozayeni-md-as-president-and-chief-business-officer-300323195.html
SOURCE  Oncorus, Inc.



 












Dec 15, 2016, 10:17 ET
Preview: Oncorus®, Inc. Announces Additional Series A Financing Support From Astellas Venture Management LLC













Jul 19, 2016, 10:17 ET
Preview: Oncorus®, Inc. Launches with $57 Million Series A Financing






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Oncorus®, Inc. Appoints Biotech Industry Veteran Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief Business Officer


 News provided by
Oncorus, Inc.  
Sep 07, 2016, 10:17 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Oncorus, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 2:31 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Oncorus, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Oncorus, Inc. is a biotechnology company that develops immunotherapy platform to treat cancer. The company is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


Kendall SquareCambridge, MA 02139United States



www.oncorus.com







Key Executives for Oncorus, Inc.




Dr. Mitchell H. Finer Ph.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer
      


Age: 58
        







Dr. Cyrus D. Mozayeni M.D.


      	President and Chief Business Officer
      


Age: 42
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Oncorus, Inc. Key Developments

Oncorus Appoints Cyrus D. Mozayeni as President and Chief Business Officer
Sep 15 16
Oncorus has appointed Cyrus D. Mozayeni, M.D., as President and Chief Business Officer. Dr. Mozayeni will provide strategic leadership for the company, as well as have responsibility for corporate development, finance, legal, human resources and business operations. Dr. Mozayeni will report to Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D., the company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer. Prior to joining the company, Dr. Mozayeni served as Vice President and global head of business development and alliance management at bluebird bio.


Oncorus, Inc. Appoints Cyrus D. Mozayeni as President and Chief Business Officer
Sep 7 16
Oncorus, Inc. announced the appointment of Cyrus D. Mozayeni,as President and Chief Business Officer. Dr. Mozayeni will provide strategic leadership for the company, as well as have responsibility for corporate development, finance, legal, human resources and business operations. Mozayeni will report to Mitchell H. Finer, Ph.D. Prior to joining Oncorus, Dr. Mozayeni served as Vice President and global head of business development and alliance management at bluebird bio, Inc.


Oncorus, Inc. Announces New Appointments
Jul 19 16
Oncorus ®, Inc. announced the successful completion of a $57 million Series A financing. As part of the launch management team, Thomas W. Chalberg, Ph.D., has joined as Chief Operating Officer on an interim basis. Oncorus licensed certain patent rights from the University of Pittsburgh based upon the work of renowned scientists Joseph Glorioso III, Ph.D., and Paola Grandi, Ph.D., who will join Oncorus's Scientific Advisory Board.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Oncorus, Inc., please visit www.oncorus.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































How To Launch a New Product In The Market | Inc.com
































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  STARTUP
													







How To Launch a New Product In The Market


Building a product and launching that product are two different things. How do you launch a new product in the market?






 By Margarita Hakobyan


Margarita Hakobyan is a businesswoman and an entrepreneur that is addicted to creating. As an owner of several businesses she brings a wide range of education and experience including business strategy, business ethics and leadership.
@margahakobyan 


Founder, Solopreneurs@margahakobyan 










WRITE A COMMENT
























CREDIT: Getty Images










Product launch is an intense, stressful time, but careful planning can help reduce your stress and give your team a solid plan to help manage the intensity. If you cover these four issues early in the planning process, your launch will be easier to manage and less frustrating overall. It will also have better odds of success, leading to a better company position over time.
1. Know Your Audience
When you think of the audience for your product, how specific is it? Do you have a very general idea of who your customer base is -- women, for example, or small business owners -- or have you drilled down deep into your customer profile?
The most successful products are carefully targeted in very specific ways at very specific customers. Take the example of cell phones. While nearly everyone in the world has a cellphone, these mobile phones were initially a very niche product, marketed towards traveling businesspeople who needed a way to contact the office from the road.
Part of building your launch is figuring out exactly who your audience is. You should know demographic details about your customer profile (age, gender, marital status, occupation, hobbies), as well as habitual information (where do they get their news, what is their favorite publication, how do they spend their free time). Knowing these details will help you understand where to find your customer and how to connect with them.
2. Solve the Right Problem
Every product on the market needs to solve a problem. The easiest products to market exist where customers know they have a problem and are seeking a solution. Some products need to convince customers they have a problem, and that the product is a solution; these products have an uphill climb towards success.
The better you know your audience, the easier it will be to identify their problems in a language they understand. For example, targeting a baby product that entertains a very young baby and gives parents a chance to set them down will not be as useful to a parent who intensely values baby wearing and intensive skin-to-skin time. There are other parents, however, who will be extremely appreciative of your product; the key is knowing where to find them.
Identify exactly what problem you are solving, and make sure that your audience agrees that the problem exists before you get too far into your launch.
3. Careful Positioning Against Your Competition
Every product has competition. Even industries that are being disrupted are competing against the status quo. To successfully launch a product, you need to know what your business is working against. If your customers were not using your products or services, whose would they be using?
Sometimes the answer is another company offering the same services; in this case, your position points might revolve around pricing, value adds, and service capabilities. Sometimes the answer is another product in the same class. For example, each movie that comes out competes not just against other movies, but against all the other things people do with their free time. To convince people to go see the newest blockbuster thriller, studios must convince their potential audience that the movie is worth their time.
When you know your audience, and you understand what problem you are solving, positioning your product will be easier and more accurate. You will better understand where to place ads, what content will be helpful in marketing, and how to connect with your audience. If you find yourself unsure of how to accomplish these tasks, returning to the basic ideas of audience and problem will often narrow your position.
4. Feedback
One of the most key elements of a product launch is getting feedback from your customers. You can do all of the theoretical assessments on your audience before launch, but nothing will compare to real feedback from your actual customers. While not every piece of feedback you receive needs to be acted upon immediately, watching customer feedback for trends and patterns will help you identify the next stage of your product evolution.
During the actual launch, it's important to course correct as necessary, but not to try and implement new features or perfect the product prior to launch. Seth Godin always talks about the importance of shipping, and how our fear of shipping gets in the way of actually getting a business off the ground.
If customers are providing feedback about the service they're receiving or the actual functionality of your product or service, you will probably need to fix this as soon as possible. If customers are asking for more functionality, additional benefits, or more perks, you will probably have more success tracking these requests for later implementation.
Product launch is a stressful time for a business owner or entrepreneur, but it is not the end point of the business structure. By planning for a product launch, you can make sure that your launch is as successful as possible, and modify the plan as necessary to continue into the next phase of development.
What advice would you offer to a company planning its first product launch?


The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Mar 28, 2017




























































































