

Employment Discrimination, Personal Injury & Workers Rights Lawyer in NYC












Law Office of Michael G. O'Neill   (212) 581-0990

 

 






Civil Rights | Employment Discrimination | Personal Injury | Labor & Workers Rights 










 What can you learn from an
      attorney's web site?

 Have you ever been inspired by a
 lawyers web site?

 What are your expectations?
 Do you need help?
 

$56,000,000 Verdict In Longest Civil Trial In History Of New York!




Areas of Law | What We Do
Tort Reform
Contingency Fees
Case Capsules


Age Discrimination in a Bad Economy
Class Actions
In The News
O'Neillaw Blog


Common Problems Facing Employees
Supreme Court Scandal
Anatomy of a Trial
Contact Us


Civil Rights
Rants
Another Bill O'Donnell Moment
An Employment Discrimination Lawyer's Blog (New!)




One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number (format: xxx-xxx-xxxx) *








Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.







oneillaw.com | chewed cigars, blue jeans and civil rights

























oneillaw.com


chewed cigars, blue jeans and civil rights



Skip to content
HomeAbout







← Older posts



Does Marc Kasowitz Have A Drinking Problem?

Posted on July 17, 2017 by Michael 

And by that question, we do not mean “Does Mark Kasowitz have a problem drinking” but “Does Mark Kasowitz drink too much?”  World of difference between the two.
The short answer is I have no clue.  I don’t know the man.  I haven’t even heard any gossip or rumors from people who do.  But . . . let me go out on a limb here.  If you are trying to convince people that nationally publicized reports of a drinking problem are false, it is probably not a good idea to send profanity laced emails to a complete stranger, late at night, telling him to “watch your back, bitch.”
 



Posted in Law, News 
|
Leave a comment



Another Bill O’Donnell Moment

Posted on April 13, 2017 by Michael 

Bill O’Donnell was the terror of my grade school, or at least from grades one through three.  He disappeared after that.  I don’t know what became of him.  I suspect he was sent to some kind of juvenile facility.
Bill O’Donnell would misbehave for no reason at all, just as a matter of principle.  His brazenness was breathtaking.  It seems that he would say anything or do anything, so long as it was something he was not supposed to do or say.  On a near daily basis some nun would take Bill into the cloakroom and whack his knuckles with a ruler.  More than one ruler was broken across his hands, which must have been made of steel.  Bill would laugh it off and go on misbehaving, a cost of doing business.  I call that a Bill O’Donnell moment.
That was back in the early 1960’s.  Fast forward to the present time.  A sociopathic corporation (is that a redundancy?) named Wells Fargo got caught doing something naughty, namely opening 2 million bank and credit card accounts in the names of individuals who never asked for those accounts to be opened.  For this indiscretion, Wells Fargo was fined $185 million.  That’s all of $9 per unauthorized account.
Can you imagine?  I’ve seen 30 year employees fired for much less.  The case comes to mind of a long time bank manager who was fired for using the bank’s Federal Express account once or twice of personal purposes (like that never happens in corporate America, right?).  The real reason she was fired was because somebody wanted to get rid of her, for illegal reasons.  Fortunately we were able to settle that case and avoid the risk of dismissal.  The bank pretended that integrity was the most critical attribute expected of bank managers.  Except when it comes to duping its own customers, apparently.  Note:  my client was not given the opportunity of paying $9 per transgression and moving on.
But that’s not what this post is about.  It’s just that there’s just so much hypocrisy in this whole Wells Fargo story that I can barely contain myself.  I tend to get sidetracked.
It has been widely reported that Wells Fargo is “clawing back” $75 million from the two wayward executives most responsible for the bank’s aberrant behavior.  For those of you naive enough to believe that this somehow foreshadows an era of executive responsibility for corporate crimes, think again.  First of all, neither of the two executives in question, former CEO John Stumpf and former Director of Community Banking (whatever that means) Carrie Tolstedt, have to dig into their own pockets.  There are no claws in the “clawback.”  All that is happening is that the bank is not letting Stumpf and Tolstedt cash in on certain stock options for 2016.  In other words, this is $75 million that they never received.  They are not paying back a dime.  They are laughing all the way to the bank, or, in their case, from the bank.
Bill O’Donnell would be proud.
A couple of facts that I learned in connection with this story blew my mind.  From 2011 through 2016, Stumpf was paid $286 million.  That’s about $47.5 million a year.  Tolstedt was paid $9 million last year, and she was due to receive $125 million when she retired.
These are fortunes.  I am not using the word in the hyperbolic or figurative sense.  These sums are literally fortunes, such that their heirs will lives of luxury for generations to come, without having to lift a finger.  
But isn’t that what capitalism and the free market is all about?  No.  These people were employees.  They never had a dime of their own money at risk, and they didn’t build a business or discover the cure for cancer.  But Wells Fargo wouldn’t pay them so much if they weren’t worth it, right?  Wrong.  They run (but do not own) Wells Fargo, so they basically set their own salaries.  What we are seeing here is organized thievery.  Whose money is being stolen?  If you are covered by a pension plan, have a 401-k or own shares in a mutual or exchange traded fund, Yours and mine, chances are pretty good that some portion of your money is invested in Wells Fargo.
There is something seriously wrong with our system.  I have no problem with executives being well compensated, even to the point where they would be considered wealthy or modestly rich (if there is such a thing).  The rules of society should be such that it’s hard and a relatively rare occurrence for a person to accumulate a fortune.  It should be a reward for doing something remarkable and beneficial to society, not bilking two million of your employer’s customers.



Posted in Business, Economics, News, Society 
|
Comments Off



Somebody Help Me Out With This

Posted on April 7, 2017 by Michael 

A few days ago, the Trump administration says, and I’m paraphrasing, “Assad is here to stay, deal with it.”  A few days later, Assad drops some poison gas bombs on a village and kills 100 citizens or so.  Trump launches 59 Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian air base.
The part I don’t get is this: Assad already had “gasses citizens” on his resume when Trump accepted him into the fold of recognized heads of state.  So whence the indignation when Assad does what Assad has done before?  To me, it’s like this: your wife asks you to invite your brother Harry over for Thanksgiving dinner.  You remind your wife that Harry has atrocious table manners and that she has said he is not fit to sit at anybody’s dinner table, even at a soup kitchen.  “But he’s your brother,” she says, “and I’m just going to accept that fact.”  But when Harry lets out a monster belch between courses, your wife has a fit and throws her wine glass at Harry.
So much for dealing with it.
Mind you, I’m not saying it’s a good thing or a bad thing to accept the “political reality” of Assad.  The man is clearly a monster of the first order.  But what is knocking out one airbase going to accomplish?  Back in first grade, there was a kid named O’Donnell, who was as much of a juvenile delinquent as a first grader could possibly be  The nuns used to rap O’Donnell’s knuckles with a ruler when he misbehaved, which was all the time.  He would laugh it off.  Assad must be laughing now.  Russia will give him more planes.
Destroying the airbase is like kicking the saddle because the mule won’t move.  Those six people, whoever they were, that were killed when the airbase was bombed didn’t wake up the other day and say “hey, let’s go drop some Sarin gas on such and such village!”  Assad told them to do it.  Now they are dead, and Assad is ordering new planes from Russia.  What’s the idea here, that the Syrian military is going to refuse to do the bad things that Assad tells them to do because we might send some Tomahawks their way?  Newsflash: Assad is a lot more scary than 59 Tomahawk missiles.  The missile will kill you instantly.  Assad might take weeks to kill you.  And he’ll probably kill your family too.
By the way, those missiles cost anywhere from $800,000 to $1.5 million each, depending on whom you believe.  With tax day looming, I’m reminded that I worked a whole year to pay for just part of one of those missiles.  59 launched, 6 deaths.  There’s a good chance that the missile with my name on it didn’t kill anybody.  I’d hate to think that I worked all year to kill a portion of a Syrian not named Assad.
If we really wanted to punish Assad for gassing civilians, shouldn’t we aim those missiles at his home and not some air force base?  It sobered up Qaddafi pretty quickly.
There’s something else I need help understanding.  I don’t mean to sound callous, but why is it so much worse to gas civilians than to kill them in other ways?  Assad kills hundreds of civilians every month, and we were willing to accept that as a “political reality.”  In fairness to Assad, shouldn’t we have given him a checklist?  Torture, ok.  Extrajudicial execution, ok.  Cluster bombs, ok.  Indiscriminate shelling, ok.  Landmines, ok.  Gas, unthinkable!
I shouldn’t be surprised that I don’t quite understand all this.  Nothing about the Syrian war makes any sense.  Who’s fighting whom, and for what?  We know there’s Assad, and ISIS, and Al Qaeda, and Turkey, and Russia, and Hezbollah, and a few dozen militia that go in and out of business more often than a Times Square clip joint.  For such a tiny country that doesn’t have natural resources or make anything of any significance, Syria has managed to cause outsized problems for the rest of the world.  All the rich and developed countries that are suffering a major Syrian headache are powerless to do anything about it.
It is mind boggling.
 



Posted in News 
|
Comments Off



Oops, sorry ‘bout that!

Posted on April 5, 2017 by Michael 

I guess that’s what you say to your client after it has paid you well over $4 million in fees on a case that wouldn’t have been brought, if somebody (like you, maybe?) had read the damn contract.
International Cards Co. is a company based in Jordan, and for about 15 years it was a Mastercard “Member.”  Don’t ask me what it means to be a member of Mastercard; I assume it means you can issue Mastercard Credit Cards.  Anyway, ICC and Mastercard had a contract, and the contract stated, in section 1.6.2 that:
A Customer (i.e., Member) may be terminated as a Customer by the Corporation (i.e., MasterCard). The termination is effective upon delivery, or an inability to deliver after a reasonable attempt to do so, of written or actual notice by the Corporation to the Customer.
On April 2, 2013, Mastercard delivered a letter to ICC, which stated that Mastercard had terminated the contract pursuant to Section 1.6.2.
Pretty simple, eh?  Member terminated.  Maybe it’s not a nice thing for Mastercard to do, but that was the agreement.  Shed no tears for ICC.  If you’re sophisticated enough to issue credit cards, you should be able to read a simple contract (way more simple than what is written in tiny letters on the back of my Mastercard statement).
Not so simple.  After the provision quoted above, the contract stated that Mastercard could terminate the agreement without any prior notice for a number of reasons, such as non-payment of fees.  Apparently somebody at ICC took that to mean Mastercard could terminate the contract only for one of those reasons.  Since ICC didn’t believe that any of the “without any prior notice” conditions were applicable, and it sued Mastercard for breach of contract.  That was in April, 2013.  As in four years ago.
The interpretation of a contract is a legal issue, which means that a judge, not a jury, decides.  Technically, this is only when the language of the contract is clear and unambiguous, but guess who decides whether the language is clear and unambiguous?  Yep, the judge.  You might think that when Mastercard got sued, it showed the judge the contract and said “look, Your Honor, the contract said that we could terminate a member at any time, so we can’t be sued for breach of contract.”  In legal parlance, this is done by a motion to dismiss, which can be made at the very beginning of the case, and often is in contract cases.
Not here.  For reasons unknown, Mastercard did not ask to have the case dismissed. Instead, it and ICC slugged it out for almost four years.  Then, on the very eve of trial, Mastercard pointed out that it had the right to terminate the contract just by sending a letter, and it asked for the case to be dismissed.
Why did Mastercard wait four years to ask to have the case thrown out of court?  That remains to be seen.  The judge was not amused.  Although she had no choice but to dismiss the case, she invited ICC to make a motion for the attorneys’ fees it was forced to pay because Mastercard waited so long to make its motion to dismiss.  ICC filed its motion, asking to be reimbursed its legal fees for bringing a case and losing.  Seppuku might be more appropriate.
Here’s how ICC’s motion starts off:
“Following four years of litigation and millions of dollars in unnecessary fees and expenses on both sides, the parties and the court system are all losers.”
Ahem.  Not “all” are losers.  ICC’s lawyers seem to have done just fine, having charged their client a cool $4.6 million for the extraordinary results they obtained.
Now, I don’t know about you, but I’d be kinda embarrassed taking $4.6 million from a client for bringing a lawsuit that a first year law student probably could have seen through on a contracts exam.  And not for nothing, but what’s with the fees?  Really, that is almost exactly $100,000 a month for four years.  Just for comparison purposes, I added up the time my firm put in on the crane case, which has been going on now for over eight years, included a mistrial, a trial that lasted a full year, several appeals and a bankruptcy.  Our time on that case has come out to $1.5 million, give or take a few dollars.  Admittedly, I had co-counsel, so double my time.
I don’t get paid by the hour, so I have no incentive to run up time charges or inflate bills. I’m not saying that anybody has done so here, obviously I don’t know that, but I’m just saying.  That’s a lot of legal fees.



Posted in Law 
|
Comments Off



Friday Rant — Traitors Are Not Real Americans

Posted on November 4, 2016 by Michael 

You would think it an obvious point.  Not to this Trump supporter (quoted in the Washington Post):
Here’s a little history lesson:  the Confederate States rebelled against the United States of America.  In other words, Confederates did not want to be Americans, in the sense of citizens of the United States of America.  They rejected this great country.  The took up arms against this great country.  Anybody who wears a Confederate uniform is idealizing traitors, traitors who killed American citizens.
Truly America?



Posted in 2016 Election, Friday Rants, History 
|
Comments Off



← Older posts









Search for:



 

Archives

July 2017
April 2017
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
September 2015
November 2014
June 2014
January 2014
December 2013
June 2013
April 2013
January 2013
July 2012
January 2012
November 2011
June 2011
March 2011
February 2011
October 2010
March 2010
February 2010
January 2010
June 2009
March 2009
February 2009
December 2008
June 2008
February 2008
January 2008
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2007
February 2007



Meta

Log in









					oneillaw.com				


Proudly powered by WordPress.









Contact The Law Office Of Michael G. O'Neill







Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990




Contact Us
The easiest way to contact us is to use our 
      Online Contact Form.
Phone:
(212) 581-0990

Fax:
(212) 608-6180

Email:
darrow@oneillaw.com
Office Location:

30 Vesey Street, #301 (Third Floor)
New York, NY 10007



Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.














Supreme Court Scandal     888-739-5391











Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990



 A Supreme Court Scandal 

How bad is the current Supreme Court?
That question is probably easier to ask
than answer, but make no mistake about it:  the current Supreme Court
is squarely in the camp of political conservatives.  In case after
case, by razor thin 5-4 decisions, this Court is tearing up
established legal precedent and by judicial fiat accomplishing a sea
change in the Nation's laws in a way that could never be accomplished
through the legislative process.  So much for judicial restraint.
On June 24, 2013, the Supreme Court
issued two decisions in the area of employment discrimination.  One
of them, University Of Texas Southwestern Medical Center v. Nassar,
decided the issue of the “causation” requirement for a claim of
retaliation under Title VII.  (“Title VII” refers to the section
in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 that makes discrimination in
employment based on race, sex and religion illegal.)  Causation, just
like it sounds, is the requirement that the retaliatory action
actually cause some type of harm to the employee.  

At this point, you might be wondering
why this is an issue now.  After all, Title VII became law in 1964,
49 years ago.  Since causation is an essential element in any case,
what have the courts been doing all these years?  In fact, that is an
excellent question, and the process of answering it shows just how
bad the current Supreme Court is.
Back in the early 1980s, a woman by the
name of Hopkins was denied partnership in Price Waterhouse, a large
accounting firm.  She sued, claiming sex discrimination, and at trial
it was established that Hopkins' gender had played a role in PW's
denial of partnership, as well as a number of other, permissible
considerations.  Since both an unlawful consideration – the fact
that Hopkins was a woman – and lawful considerations had led to
PW's decision, the question arose whether Hopkins had been denied
partnership “because of” her sex.  PW argued that the permissible
factors alone would have led it to deny partnership to her, therefore
her gender was not the cause of the denial.  The argument really
boiled down to who would have to prove what.  Would Hopkins have to
prove that she would have been given the partnership “but for”
her gender, or did PW have to prove that it would have denied her
partnership even if it had not taken her gender into consideration.  

The case made its way to the Supreme
Court, which decided by a 6-3 vote that, once Hopkins had shown that
her gender played a part in PW's decision making process, PW had the
burden of proof to show that it would have made the same decision
anyway, even if it had not taken Hopkin's sex into consideration.  A
few years later Congress past the 1991 amendments to the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, and in so doing, incorporated the rule made by the
Supreme Court into the Act, but made it stronger.  Under the rule
made by the Supreme Court, a defendant could escape all liability by
proving that it would have taken the same employment action, even if
it did not discriminate.  Congress modified this escape hatch, so
that the employer can avoid some but not all aspects of liability by
so proving.  The key thing to remember is that Congress made it clear
that the Supreme Court got it right on the issue of causation and who
had to prove what – but it felt that the Court went too far in
providing a way to let employers who discriminated off the hook.
The Price Waterhouse case involved
discrimination.  Title VII also prohibits retaliation, and it uses
the same “because of” language for outlawing retaliation as it
does for discrimination.  In other words, it is illegal to take some
employment action “because of” the fact that the employee made a
complaint about discrimination or opposed discriminatory conduct. 
Not surprisingly, the courts have generally applied to same standards
for proving cases of discrimination and retaliation.  

Fast forward to the present.  This week
we learned that when Congress approved the Supreme Court's
interpretation of the words “because of” in the Price Waterhouse
case involving discrimination, it actually intended that the same
“because of” language mean something different in cases involving
retaliation.  In addition, when Congress strengthened the employee's
rights and remedies in cases involving discrimination, it intended to
weaken employee's rights and remedies in cases involving
discrimination.  How exactly did the Supreme Court reach this
conclusion?  An irreverent and not wholly undeserved answer is “by
pulling it out of its Supreme a**.”  A less flippant explanation,
is that the Nassar decision can be explained only by changes in the
makeup of the Court.  When Price Waterhouse was decided, the “hard
right” block consisted of Kennedy, Renquist and Scalia.  Today it
is Kennedy, Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Roberts.  Kennedy, who
dissented in Price Waterhouse, wrote the majority opinion in Nassar. 
In simple terms, in 1989, when there were only three hard right
Justices, the words “because of” meant one thing.  Today, because
there are five hard right Justices, they mean something else.  

This is the latest chapter in a slow
moving scandal that seems to generate about as much interest as a
tree falling in the woods.  We say that we are a nation of laws, not
men.  Supreme Court precedent is law.  When Justices are appointed to
the Supreme Court, they are sworn to uphold the law, and that
includes existing Supreme Court precedent.  They are not free to
overturn existing precedent simply because they disagree with it or
would have voted differently if they had been on the Court when the
decision was originally made, and yet that is exactly what happened
in Nassar and has been happening consistently with the current Court.
 This is a very ugly state of affairs, and it is unlikely to change
until one or more of the current hard right ideologues is replaced by
a Justice who takes the rule of law seriously.
The warning of Justice Thurgood
Marshall in his dissent in Payne v. Tennessee was prescient:
Power, not reason, is the new currency
of this Court's decisionmaking. Four Terms ago, a five-Justice
majority of this Court held that "victim impact" evidence
of the type at issue in this case could not constitutionally be
introduced during the penalty phase of a capital trial. Booth v.
Maryland, 482 U.S. 496 (1987). By another 5-4 vote, a majority of
this Court rebuffed an attack upon this ruling just two Terms ago.
South Carolina v. Gathers, 490 U.S. 805 (1989). Nevertheless, having
expressly invited respondent to renew the attack, 498 U.S. 1076
(1991), today's majority overrules Booth and Gathers and credits the
dissenting views expressed in those cases. Neither the law nor the
facts supporting Booth and Gathers underwent any change in the last
four years. Only the personnel of this Court did.
In dispatching Booth and Gathers to
their graves, today's majority ominously suggests that an even more
extensive upheaval of this Court's precedents may be in store.
Renouncing this Court's historical commitment to a conception of "the
judiciary as a source of impersonal and reasoned judgments,"
Moragne v. States Marine Lines, 398 U.S. 375, 403 (1970), [501 U.S.
808, 845]   the majority declares itself free to discard any
principle of constitutional liberty which was recognized or
reaffirmed over the dissenting votes of four Justices and with which
five or more Justices now disagree. The implications of this radical
new exception to the doctrine of stare decisis are staggering. The
majority today sends a clear signal that scores of established
constitutional liberties are now ripe for reconsideration, thereby
inviting the very type of open defiance of our precedents that the
majority rewards in this case. Because I believe that this Court owes
more to its constitutional precedents in general and to Booth and
Gathers in particular, I dissent.

Back to Rants




Home Page
Read the O'Neillaw Blog
Contact Info

One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number *







Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.








Tort Reform -- Discrimination, False Arrest, Free Speech, Accidents,
Employment, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Sex Harassment Cases






Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990






The Tort Reform Debate 


 The Medical Malpractice Insurance "Crisis"   

 Did You Know?    



       
How real is the medical malpractice insurance crisis?  We are being told that rising insurance rates are forcing doctors to stop practicing medicine.  Jury verdicts are out of control.  Frivolous lawsuits brought by greedy trial lawyers drive up the cost of medicine and this hurts everyone.  We need caps (the usual proposal is $250,000 for pain and suffering) and limitations and attorneys' contingency fees.


Is there any truth to this?  Let's examine each and every one of these claims, and see if we can make any sense out of all of it.

 First, let's break these claims into their individual components.

Insurance rates are rising.

Doctors are leaving the practice of medicine.

Jury verdicts are out of control.

Frivolous lawsuits drive up the cost of medicine.

Caps on damages and contingency fees will solve the problem.

Insurance rates are rising.  Let us assume this to be true.  Put aside the fact that the generality of the assertion makes it meaningless, let's just assume it to be true.  What does this fact in itself mean?  Insurance is a business.  While this seems self evident, it implies a number of truths that seem to get lost in the rhetoric.  Like any business, insurance companies are driven by self interest, i.e., to make as much money as possible.  They have no concern about the greater good of society.  Directors and officers of corporations are duty bound to make decisions that maximize the profits to the shareholders of the corporation.  This is just a fundamental fact about corporations, it is not disputed by anyone.  I invite anyone who disputes this fact to post his or her disagreement in the forum, and we'll have an interesting debate on the subject.

Since insurance companies are in business to make a profit, they want to maximize their revenues.  There are two sources of revenues for an insurance company - insurance premiums and investments.  We hear about premiums all the time, but we never hear about investments.  But if the revenues generated by investments fall, then the insurance company must raise premiums to make up the difference.  Again, this is an accepted fact about insurance companies, and you won't find any real disagreement on this point.  

So we know that falling investment income can cause premiums to rise.  Yet we hear nothing in the debate about this subject.  How important are investment revenues?  Think about how insurance works.  In year one, the doctor pays the premium.  In some states he can be sued years later for malpractice committed in year one.  In New York, its generally two and a half years after the last treatment for the condition in question.  It can also takes years for the lawsuit to get to trial.  

What this means is that the insurance company may collect the premium in year one but not pay any money out for claims incurred in year one for anywhere from three to ten years.  During all this time the insurance company is investing the money.  Insurance companies therefore must make certain assumptions about the revenue generated by investments in order to predict the amount of money that will be available in the future to pay claims.  If those assumptions prove to be inaccurate, the only quick fix is to raise insurance premiums.

Another fact that is often obscured is the fact that insurance companies compete for business.  Like all other business, insurance is cyclical, meaning it has good times and bad times.  In fact, the insurance industry is notoriously cyclical, and during good times insurance companies engage in fierce price competition to sell policies.  It is not unusual for an insurance company to sell insurance for less than the amount of claims they expect to pay.  They do this to generate cash flow and one way they justify this is to make exaggerated assumptions about the investment income they will earn on the premiums.  Invariably when the cycle snaps the companies are in a bind and must raise premiums.  

Although this has occurred countless times, I have never seen an insurance company attribute its increase in premiums to its own irresponsible business practices.  I can assure you that you will never see this.  Who is going to buy insurance from a company that essentially engaged in speculation?  Somebody has to be blamed, and the greedy trial lawyers are an easy target.

Where do insurance companies invest their money?  If they are based in the United States they are regulated by state insurance departments and must invest "conservatively."  They are not allowed to invest heavily in the stock market, and they typically buy safe interest rate securities such as government bonds.  Insurance companies also are one of the largest sources of money for real estate loans, since this is considered a safe type of investment activity.  Well, if you have any kind of saving or money market account, you know what has happened to interest rates in the past five years.  They are at an all time low.  You can check this out, but I believe interest rates have fallen by about fifty percent in the past five years.  For insurance companies, this means a dramatic loss in investment revenue.  Of course, there are other factors too.  The stock market has tanked, and we have been in a recession or stagnant economy for several years.  All of these factors have nothing to do with frivolous lawsuits, trial lawyers, out of control verdicts and the like.  

Now, here is an interesting fact.  Higher premiums mean higher profits for insurance companies.  This is rather self evident, and you would think that insurance companies favor higher premiums.  But the insurance companies all favor the so called tort reform initiatives.  Why is that?  Well, there can be only one reason they favor them, and that's because they expect to make more money if those laws are passed.  It's as simple as that.  The directors and officers of insurance companies are duty bound and legally obligated to promote the self interest of the insurance companies, and that can only mean that they can support these laws only if they expect to make higher profits as a result.  You can be assured that insurance companies have a very effective lobby and do not hesitate to oppose laws that threaten their profits.  

So if higher premiums mean higher profits, why do insurance companies favor these proposed laws?  The answer is pretty obvious.  These proposed laws guarantee that insurance companies will pay out less money in claims, but they don't require insurance companies to lower their premiums.  It's as simple as that.  Insurance companies are not forced to lower their premiums, and doctors are not forced to lower their fees.  That would be "un-American," it would violate the basic principals of our free market system to impose limits on prices and income.  Of course, it's perfectly alright to limit the rights of those injured by mistakes of doctors, and it's perfectly alright to limit the income of the greedy trial lawyers, but insurance companies and doctors should be free to charge whatever they can get and earn as much money as they can.  Here you see a perfect illustration of one of the basic hypocritical tenets of the so-called conservative values:  it is not the business of government to solve problems for individuals; but it is the business of government to solve problems for large businesses.  It is not a proper function of government to ensure that all Americans have equal access to health care, but it is the government's duty to protect the profits of insurance companies and the incomes of doctors.  

Doctors are leaving the practice of medicine because of malpractice rates.  Where is the evidence of this?  That is all I ask.  Where is there any evidence of this at all?  Let's not rely on radio talk shows and sound bites from politicians.  Has your doctor stopped practicing medicine?  Is it because of malpractice insurance?  Have you or anyone you know been unable to find a doctor because we've just run out of doctors?  We have all this hysteria in the news and media but I have yet to find a single individual who can say "I can't get medical care" because of the so called malpractice insurance crisis.  The amazing thing to me is that it is a documented fact that we have millions of Americans who have no or limited access to health care because they cannot afford it, but the idea of a few dozen doctors not being able to afford malpractice insurance gives rise to a federal initiative to regulate malpractice lawsuits.  This notion violates multiple principles of so called conservative values - free markets, small government, individualism, self reliance, states rights, etc.  But as we see over and over again, there is enough hypocrisy in the so called conservative values to choke an elephant.  The federal government mobilizes its forces to help doctors and insurance companies, but ordinary individuals get left out in the cold.  

I have a proposal.  Why not have the government hire any doctor who cannot afford malpractice insurance to provide health care to the public on a means tested fee basis?  The doctor would be indemnified against lawsuits by the federal government.  This solves the problem of the doctor and ensures that we don't lose any medical practitioners to the malpractice crisis, and it avoids punishing the victims of medical malpractice.  The only problem it doesn't solve is the problem of the insurance companies, so it will never be seriously considered.  Plus, it reeks of socialism because it provides government benefits to individuals.  So instead of providing benefits directly to individuals, we provide benefits to large insurance companies and we call it capitalism.  Well, in fact, it's really capitalist socialism.  These are the true conservative values.

Jury verdicts are out of control.  Again,  I have to ask, where is the evidence of this?  In fact, I don't even know what this means.  What is an out of control jury verdict?  I suppose it's one you disagree with.  What would an "in control" jury verdict be?  These are just nonsensical terms.  Really, they're just rhetoric, propaganda.  

There is no such thing as an out of control jury verdict.  Every jury verdict is under the control of the trial judge.  If a defendant believes that a verdict is unreasonable or outlandish, it can ask the judge to reduce or set aside the verdict.  And if the defendant is unsatisfied with the trial judge's decision, it can take that decision to appeal.  Therefore, before any defendant has to pay any verdict, the trial judge and the appeals court (typically three to seven judges) has to approve the reasonableness of that verdict.  As every trial lawyer knows, jury verdicts are often reduced.  Sometimes I think it is the judges who are out of control.  So I have to ask, with these safeguards in place, where are the out of control verdicts?

Of course, we have all read reports of unbelievable verdicts in the newspapers.  These verdicts are never paid.  They are reduced.  They are such an unbelievable minority of verdicts.  That is what makes them newsworthy.  Every day hundreds if not thousands of verdicts are rendered in courts across the country.  How many verdicts make the news?  Can you imagine the headline that reads "Jury reaches fair verdict" or "Jury awards modest damages for severe injury"?  You will not read about this but it happens every day.  So yes, it is true, that every once in a while there is a report of a jury verdict that baffles the reader.  Even I am baffled from time to time by these stories.  But these verdicts are never paid, and when they are reduced or reversed or settled for a modest amount of money, they don't make the news.  So you may be left with the impression that there are out of control jury verdicts, and this is the impression that the huge propaganda effort of the insurance and medical lobby is reinforcing when it talks about out of control jury verdicts.  But there are no out of control jury verdicts.

Frivolous lawsuits drive up the cost of medicine.  The truth is that if all so called frivolous medical malpractice lawsuits were eliminated, it would not change the cost of medicine at all.  This is because total malpractice premiums make up a very small percentage of the cost of medicine, and frivolous malpractice lawsuits make up a very small percentage of malpractice lawsuits.

Let's start with the concept of the cost of medicine.  For most purposes, the cost of medicine is the cost of medical insurance, since that is how the majority buy health care.  So where does the health care dollar go?  Well, about half of the money spent on medical insurance actually goes to health care itself.  That's right, about half.  The other half goes to the insurance brokers who sell the insurance and to the administrative costs and profits of the insurance companies themselves.  Now I'm talking about health care insurance, not medical malpractice insurance.  We haven't even gotten to that yet.  The medical malpractice insurance is paid by doctors and hospitals out of the fifty cents of the health care dollar that they get.  So right away you can see that the half of the money spent on "health care" just goes to insurance companies and brokers.

If you doubt me, just ask an insurance broker.  In New York the cost of medical insurance for family coverage is around $600 to $800 per month for a pretty basic type of coverage.  How much of that goes to the broker?  Would you be surprised to know that it is not uncommon for $30 or $50 a month, or more, to go to the broker?  This is a huge amount of money and there are a lot of insurance brokers making fortunes selling health insurance.  Broker's commissions are not regulated.  In many cases, the broker itself can add whatever amount to the cost of the insurance that he wants in order to maximize his commission.  There is no initiative to lower broker commissions.  That would be "un-American."  

So, out of the fifty percent of the health care dollar that actually goes to health care, how much is spent on malpractice insurance premiums?  This is a hard number to get to.  There is just so much misinformation out there, and both sides of the debate spin the numbers to bolster their arguments.  For example, the insurance and medical lobby likes to include the cost of "defensive medicine" as part of the cost of malpractice suits.  What is defensive medicine?  It's generally defined as tests or procedures whose primary purpose is not to advance the health of the patient but to defend against allegations of malpractice.  Well, this is awfully subjective.  It's also a very convenient way for the industry to deflect criticism against the high cost of medicine.

Let's take the case of obstetricians.  Most of the malpractice horror stories are about obstetricians.  I have seen reports of obstetricians in some states paying as high as $250,000 per year for malpractice insurance.  Case closed you might think.  Well, let's look at this worst case scenario, and you can be sure it's being reported because it is the worst case scenario and not the typical situation faced by most doctors.

How many babies does an obstetrician delivery per year?  Do you think one per day, or about five per week is about right?  It seems about right to me.  I'm trying to get some accurate information on this, so if anyone can point me to some reliable sources, I would be grateful.  I estimate that at five per week, an obstetrician would see about 10 woman a day for office visits.  At one half hour per visit, that's five hours a day for prenatal care and one delivery per working day.  Intuitively this seems reasonable to me.  But if I'm wrong, email me or post something in the forum.















Home Page
Read the O'Neillaw Blog
Contact Info

One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number *







Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.








Just Ranting  -- Discrimination, False Arrest, Free Speech, Accidents,
Employment, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Sex Harassment Cases






Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990





Just Ranting About Stuff 


 Miscellaneous Ramblings



 Divorce, Perjury and Paternity 
 Terri Schiavo and No Commitment Morality 
 Under Allah?  The Supreme Court's "Under God" Non-Decision 
 John Kerry's Homes 
 $%^%&^*&%$%^()(&)%*$)*)?!!@!@!@ 
 Hitler and Bush? 
 What Am I Missing? 
 Crybaby Rush Limbaugh 
 Taxes and the Public Good 
 Conservatives 
 Liberals 





Home Page
Read the O'Neillaw Blog
Contact Info

One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number *







Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.








Inspiration -- It's What Drives This New York Civil Rights Law Firm.
Discrimination, False Arrest, Free Speech, Accidents, Employment, Personal
Injury, Wrongful Death, Sex Harassment Cases






Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990




Whatever it is that you do, you should be inspired.
And inspire others.
We don’t do anything that we don’t believe in. 
Nobody works in my office who does not believe in what we do.
Handle every case like it’s our only case. 


Lawyers like to brag about the big cases they handle.  It makes them feel important.  
Big case = important case.  Lawyer handling big case = important lawyer.  Everyone 
likes to feel important.  I get that.  There’s an assumption that if a lawyer has 
a big case he or she must be a good lawyer.   Not always true, 
but that’s a different story altogether.
I want to brag about a small case that I handled.  My client was a hard working 
immigrant from Kenya working in the security department of a large chain discount
 department store.  In addition to his full time job, he was going to college at 
 night, and he and his wife were working very hard to make a better life for themselves
  and their young child.  His complaint was that he kept getting passed over for a promotion,
   and he had reason to believe that his race was the reason.
The promotion in question was very modest and would have increased 
my client’s pay by little more than a dollar an hour.  But to him 
and his family, it would have made a big difference in their tight budget. 
 I took his case and filed a lawsuit on his behalf.  After a while we managed
  to work out a settlement to my client’s satisfaction.  
It was a small case and a small settlement, but I will never 
forget how grateful my client was.  He told me how much it had 
meant to him that I believed in him and took his case and fought
 for him.  He didn’t talk about the money at all, which was 
 certainly modest enough, but just the fact that I had cared 
 when nobody else did, and how he was able to get some measure 
 of justice against this huge corporation.  
Even though this was almost 15 years ago, I think about 
this client often.  There are times when I have to tell 
a client that his or her case might be too small to justify 
a lawsuit.  But I never, for a minute, think that I am too 
important to take that or any other meritorious case.  I know 
that the real injury caused by discrimination is not to the 
bank account but to the human soul, and that injury doesn’t 
feel any different in a big case or a small case.  
I would be an idiot to pretend that I don’t like or want big 
cases.  Of course I do.  But sometimes it’s the small cases 
that really move me and inspire me to go that extra distance for a client. 





Home Page
Read the O'Neillaw Blog
Contact Info

One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number *







Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.








MICHAEL G ONEIL - MARSHFIELD, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



MARSHFIELD



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            MICHAEL G ONEIL
                                    



 





















M 


MICHAEL G ONEIL
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



462 PLAIN ST MARSHFIELD, MA 02050
Get Directions



(781) 837-1040





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts MICHAEL G ONEIL






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Michael G Oneil was founded in 2010. Michael G Oneil specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Law Office of MIchael G. O'Neill - New York, NY  Lawyers













































Grow Your Legal Practice
Meet the Editors
Sign In
Support


 










Search



Search Type

All
Products
Lawyers
Articles





Search Term



Location












HomeLaw Office Of MIchael G. O&#039;Neill








Law Office of MIchael G. O'Neill





 




Civil Rights And Employment Attorney For The New York Metro Area


 This lawyer is licensed to practice in New York and has no record of discipline from the New York bar association. *





Contact Us »




About The Firm
My Biography



About the Firm

Firm Overview

	
	
Main Office

			Main Office        
			30 Vesey Street
						Suite 301
									New York 
									NY 
									10007

Phone


212-581-0990


Fax




Websites


 The Law Office of Michael O'Neill 







My Biography

Michael O'Neill





 













 This lawyer is licensed to practice in New York and has no record of discipline from the New York bar association. *



* Nolo has confirmed that every member attorney has a valid license and is in good standing with the state agency that licenses lawyers. Any past disbarments and suspensions (with possible exceptions for minor violations or nonpayment of dues, in our discretion) will be indicated accordingly in the badge. Member attorneys are required to notify Nolo immediately if they become the subject of any disciplinary action by any state licensing agency.




 Need help with your profile? Click here.





Contact Us

Zip Code:




Next



























Security & Privacy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2017 Nolo ®  Self-help services may not be permitted in all states. The information provided on this site is not legal advice, does not constitute a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or will be formed by use of the site. The attorney listings on this site are paid attorney advertising. Your access of, to and use of this site is subject to additional Supplemental Terms.

 




























NOLODRUPAL-web3:DRU1.6.12.2.20161011.41205





Oneil Michael G Jr in Boston, Massachusetts with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeBoston, MAOneil Michael G JrBoston, MA Oneil Michael G JrAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksBuy on eBay Today!Find Great ProductsLow Prices, New, and Usedwww.ebay.comHealth & BeautyGet The Latest GadgetsFind The Latest DesignersStyles For Your HomeBaby ItemsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Oneil Michael G Jr53 Hull Street CtBoston, MA 02113(617) 570-1810AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection2. Oneil Michael G Jr53 State StBoston, MA 02109(617) 570-1810No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Oneil Jr Michael G462 Plain StMarshfield, MA 02050(781) 837-1040AttorneysBusinesses in related categories to AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Bruce Weinstein1774 Centre StWest Roxbury, MA 02132(617) 860-2955Tax AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Combies Hanson137 Lewis WharfBoston, MA 02110(877) 832-0619AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Call now to speak with an experienced injury attorney regarding a wrongful death or accident case. We offer free consultations and there are no fees unless we win…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. AAA Tax Relief(4)Serving the Boston Area.(877) 218-3169AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore Infothey are the real deal.  smart and freindly .  they answer the phone with real people unlike lawyers.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Gary F. Kinsella Attorney22 Sumner StDorchester, MA 02125(877) 820-8385AttorneysReal Estate AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: At Gary F. Kinsella Attorney, Gary Kinsella is a real estate attorney, foreclosure attorney, short sale attorney, and much more taking on cases in the Boston, MA …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. eLocal LawyersServing the Boston Area.(877) 229-1643AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Have you or a loved one been the victim of an injury? At eLocal Lawyers, we make it as easy as possible to find a local attorney that can review your injury claim…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. Injury HelpLine®Serving the Boston Area.(888) 278-0637AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Categories: Personal Injury, Auto Accident Attorney and other Vehicle Accident General Info Get connected to a local attorney for free. If you have been injured i…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. National Tax DebtServing the Boston Area.(866) 404-1618Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Helping you settle your back taxes with the IRS.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. The Tax Resolvers©Serving the Boston Area.(866) 779-3904AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: The Tax Resolvers © solves tax problems!We specialize in working directly with the IRS to resolve back taxes and the problems associated. We can negotiate tax lie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Personal Injury PlaceServing the Boston Area.(866) 887-9531AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Free personal injury case evaluation + Free case review by a local attorney+ Find out if you can get compensation for your injury+ 100% confidential and no obliga…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED13. Chambers Law Office(3)Serving the Boston Area.(781) 780-6998AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteLearn MoreMore InfoI was very impressed with the professional attitudes from everyone at the law office. I had a case involving an automobile accident where I sustaine…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED14. TVC Pro DriverYoungstown, OH 44514(877) 236-3536Traffic Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: TVC has been in business for over 20 years. We specialize in fighting your moving and non-moving violations in court for you. We have over 700,000 commercial driv…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collectionPREFERRED15. Collection Attorney Firm(7)Serving the Boston Area.(888) 977-0149Collection AgenciesSkip TracingWebsiteVideoMore InfoYou guys are great we will definitely be using your services again!  We really appreciate your hard work with our account!​Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED16. Community Legal SolutionsServing the Boston Area.(888) 280-0993AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsMore InfoFrom Business: Everyday, situations are legal ones and Community Legal Solutions is your one-stop shop for your family's needs. We have a nationwide network of "A-rated" attorne…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED17. Hamilton Law Office, P.C.(1)410 Boston Post Rd Ste 31Sudbury, MA 01776(978) 218-2412Wills, Trusts & Estate Planning...WebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoI never realized how important and essential it is to have a living Will in place. Thank you Stuart for all your help. Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. A TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEYS CALIFORNIA & NATIONWIDE(36)Serving the Boston Area.(877) 787-2334AttorneysTraffic Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoI can not thank Traffic Ticket Defenders enough. Their staff Julie and Jessica were extremely helpful and professional. It was such a pleasure to wo…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED19. Bentley Law GroupBBB Rating: A945 Concord StFramingham, MA 01701(508) 834-4082AttorneysFamily Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsDirectionsVideoMore InfoFrom Business: Bentley Law Group is passionate about helping our clients through a crucial and often times difficult period in their life. We believe that justice and fairness d…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED20. LegalFoxServing the Boston Area.(888) 981-8587AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Legal Fox helps you find a local attorney for your needs. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED21. Silver Tax Group(28)Serving the Boston Area.(800) 201-3187Tax AttorneysWebsiteVideoMore InfoI came across this firm "blind" by Googling my particular tax issue.  Because I live far from their main office, our initial contact was through e-m…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED22. Legal Aid Legal Services Corp.BBB Rating: A+Serving the Boston Area.(888) 877-7150AttorneysLegal ClinicsParalegalsWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Some services can be free if you qualify. We Service all 50 states.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED23. Attorneys Collectors & Investigators(37)Serving the Boston Area.(888) 258-5298Collection AgenciesSkip TracingWebsiteVideoMore InfoThank you Manuel!!! Received today check for $2,500.00 5 stars to you and your team for a very good service!!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED24. Law Offices Of Meridith Gregory Gallant LLC451 Andover StNorth Andover, MA 01845(617) 221-4008AttorneysChild Custody AttorneysWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Issues pertaining to family law are extremely delicate because no matter what happens, chances are someone you love is going to get hurt. At the law offices of Me…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED25. Lawyers Funding GroupServing the Boston Area.Personal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteLearn MoreServicesMore InfoVisit our websitelawyersfundinggroupllc.comAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED26. Gallant & Ervin, LLC(2)1 Olde North RdChelmsford, MA 01824(978) 674-7646AttorneysBusiness Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsVirtual TourDirectionsServicesMore Infocarpet baggers from mass trying to hustle us in nh. shame on them and we should not use their service.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED27. 24/7 Legal(3)1405 Dreshertown RdDresher, PA 19025(888) 659-7710AttorneysTransportation Law AttorneysWebsiteContact UsDirectionsMore InfoCalling into George Sinks office was  very pleasant experience although they weren't able to help with my particular situation they made sure I went…Sponsored LinksRelated Articlesfor Oneil Michael G Jrmore related articles »When to Call a Lawyer vs. a Mediator »As in a court case, the process of mediation provides a method of conflict resolution. However, it is much more informal and does …What Type of Injuries Can a Personal Injury Lawyer Help with »A personal injury lawyer can help defendants in a variety of situations, from car accidents to defamation. Learn what personal inj…How to Work with Divorce Lawyers & Avoid Financial Mistakes »Divorce lawyers help couples agree to the terms of their separation, but can also be very expensive. Learn how to choose the right…Map ViewSponsoredCayer Dyson Law, P.C.(1)900 Cummings Center, Suite 216-U, Beverly, MA 01915(617) 248-0861WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoBentley Law Group945 Concord St, Framingham, MA 01701(508) 834-4082Available 24 hours a dayWebsiteContact UsDirectionsVideoMore InfoPeck & Peck Law Offices LLC506 Washington St, Braintree, MA 02184(781) 519-8606Reliable & ReasonableWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHassett & Donnelly PC446 Main St Ste 8, Worcester, MA 01608(508) 791-6287WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGallant & Ervin, LLC1 Olde North Rd, Chelmsford, MA 01824(978) 674-7646Strength in Finding Innovative SolutionsWebsiteContact UsVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices Of Meridith Gregory Gallant LLC451 Andover St, North Andover, MA 01845(617) 221-4008Here For You During Your Tough TimesWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoAven James S Law Ofc Of1342 Belmont St Ste 305, Brockton, MA 02301(508) 436-4269WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCommunity Legal SolutionsServing the Boston area.(888) 280-0993We can help! Contact us today.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoLegal Aid Legal Services Corp.Serving the Boston area.(888) 877-7150WebsiteMore InfoChambers Law Office(3)Serving the Boston area.(781) 780-6998Assertive Representation From A Name You Can TrustWebsiteLearn MoreMore Info24/7 LegalServing the Boston area.(888) 659-7710WebsiteContact UsMore Info24/7 Legal(3)Serving the Boston area.(888) 659-7710Need A Lawyer?  Call 24/7 Legal.  Get Help Now.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoLegalFoxServing the Boston area.(888) 981-8587Find a Local AttorneyWebsiteMore InfoTVC Pro DriverServing the Boston area.(877) 623-3533WebsiteMore InfoA TRAFFIC TICKET ATTORNEYS CALIFORNIA & NATIONWIDE(36)Serving the Boston area.(877) 787-2334Commercial - Taxi - DUI - Or ANY Driver, California & NationwideWebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Law Office of Patrick J. MurphyTerry G. ratedI had a criminal complaint for Child Endangerment against me and was so scared of the charges since I had never been involved in a criminal case before. From the first time we met with Patrick Murphy he was amazing at calming the situation, explaining all the aspects of what was going on and preparing the case with me. When we appeared in court, he handled the situation perfectly and there were no charges filed and nothing on my record! I am so grateful for finding Patrick, trusting him with my case and now I continue to have a clean record thanks to him! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!Austin J. Freeley, Esqmary.l.beck.79 ratedAustin is a bulldog when it co...Austin is a bulldog when it comes to defending his client. He ferrets out every little piece that is beneficial to his client and is well known and respected in both civil and criminal courts. He has represented me in both courts and has always conducted himself in a professional manner. He is extremely knowledgeable and takes care that the client is well informed as to what he is doing. He has gone above and beyond in litigating my cases and is not afraid to research, looking for every angle to attack when neccesary. He is a six star rating in a five star review.Jason Stone Injury LawyersKamil L. ratedI chose Jason Stone Injury Lawyers to represent my car accident case that involved children. They did an excellent job in working with the children's rehabilitation process and kept us informed every step of the way. I was very pleased of the outcome and services that they provided. I recommend anyone who has a case to take it to Jason Stone!Michael Walsh Law Officeba.bet ratedMr. Cabral was a huge help during the purchase of our first home. He was completely professional and patient with us throughout the entire process. He answered all of our questions promptly and courteously. We had an excellent experience working with him and we've happily recommended his services to family, friends, and co-workers.Genco Law Firmcharliebon ratedGreat find!! Was referred to Ray from friend.  Really knew how to make me feel comfortable with my case and did all he could to get the best results.  Highly recommend ray as a personal injury lawyer.  Even if you want to see if you have a case, he will give you his honest opinion. Robert J Wheeler Jr Law Officerobert.duffy.904 ratedAttorney Wheeler is the most conciderate & knowlegable attorney i have ever known. For me, there are not words to decribe my respect & admiration for him. Thank You Robert for ALL you have done.                                                                       Robert DJason Stone Injury LawyersEbony M. ratedMy whole experience went really well. They kept me informed, I never had to call them once to inquire about my case. There were no surprises, when it was time to settle and sign the paper work. I am overall satisfied and would contact them again, should I seek legal services.Austin J. Freeley, Esqmflorah2008 ratedSwitch!!!  This is the best criminal defense lawyer in town.  The people are sharp, committed, and win their cases!  At the end of the day, even employees feel invigorated and successful....I know, I was one of them.  Highest recommendation to Austin Freeley!!Law Offices of Marcel J MuradElke C. ratedI was injured as a result of a car accident.My case was handled by the office of Marcel Murad in a very professional manner.I am extremely pleased with results. I highly recommend this office. The staff was extremely helpful and couteousLaw Office of Soraya SadeghiLeo B. ratedThis woman is so smart and clever.  She helped me through the worst divorce in the history of divorces.  She is persuasive and a confident advocate in the courtroom.  Soraya helped me so much. I am forever grateful to her.Did You Know?Types of AttorneysThe legal profession is vast, with each attorney having his or her specialties. Here are some of the most common attorneys individuals seek out when they require legal aid:Criminal Lawyer
A criminal defense lawyer is probably the attorney the average person imagines. Criminal attorneys are the men and women who defend individuals accused of a crime. The lawyer may work pro bono - for the public good - so the accused is certain to have representation, even if he or she cannot afford an attorney.Criminal lawyers are experts in the criminal justice system. They help their clients decide how to plead when first charged by the police and guide them through trial procedures. Defense lawyers must use every bit of their knowledge and resources to get their clients the fairest results from criminal proceedings.Business Lawyer
If you are a small business owner or the head of a larger corporation, you may come into contact with a business lawyer. Many big companies keep a legal staff on payroll to deal with the daily operations of running and maintaining a large enterprise. Business lawyers may have more specific specialties like copyright law, product liability and mergers and acquisitions.Business attorneys may focus their practices on certain industries. There are entertainment lawyers to guide artists through royalties and media contracts, while hospitals employ malpractice attorneys to protect doctors from aggressive litigation.Employment Lawyer
When you work for a company, you may find yourself in need of an employment lawyer - especially if the relationship between you and your employer sours. An employment attorney prevents people from losing their jobs due to unfair reasons. Workers' compensation lawyers help maintain safe employment conditions and ensure workers receive fair compensation after workplace injury or discrimination.Finance Lawyer
A personal finance attorney can protect and manage your investments and securities. You may use a finance lawyer to help you prepare your taxes, but you might be better off working with an accountant. A tax attorney is more commonly contacted after a business or individual runs into trouble with the IRS or state regulators.Real Estate Lawyer
Your family may keep a lawyer on retainer to guide you through the major expenses that come up in life. When buying a home, you could work with a real estate lawyer to make sure you get the best deal and won't get taken advantage of by tricky mortgage agreements or unfair landlords. An estate attorney can help you plan for the worst by creating a will and preparing your finances for after your death.Bankruptcy Lawyer
A bankruptcy lawyer is essential to help you resolve your financial difficulties when they start to spin out of control. Certain attorneys help create strategies to bring you out of debt and speak to your creditors. A lawyer can advise you on which type of bankruptcy you should file for.Civil Lawyer
If you are suing someone or being sued, you need a civil lawyer. Civil attorneys - and criminal lawyers - are the legal representatives who argue on your behalf in a courtroom setting. Civil lawyers may represent you on matters of business, finance or a wide variety of other specialized needs.One of the most common types of civil attorneys is a personal injury lawyer. When you're hurt by an outside party and you would like to hold them legally responsible, a personal injury attorney conducts litigation and negotiates settlements to compensate for your pain and suffering. Sometimes many wronged people will join together with a single civil lawyer or law office to form a class action lawsuit.Family/Divorce Lawyer
Most people will turn to a lawyer during a divorce to navigate the emotionally charged legal proceedings. A divorce attorney can assist in determining grounds for separation, division of property and custody of children.Family attorneys deal with much more personal matters. If you're getting married, a family lawyer can help you prepare a prenuptial agreement or other family planning paperwork such as adoption or inheritance documents.Questions One Should Ask a Lawyer Before Hiring ThemTo ensure you find a competent attorney who won't abuse your trust or drain your finances, you have to make the proper inquiries. There are several questions you should ask, but the majority will fall under three general topics:Training and Experience Questions
One of the best ways to determine quality is to examine an attorney's history. When you first step into a lawyer's office, you should check for the appropriate certifications and diplomas. You have to ask how long he or she has practiced law and request information that demonstrates the practice's success. Look for precise details such as percentage of cases settled out of court.Once you inquire about the broad details of their legal career, you should ask questions about their experience that pertains to your specific issue. You should ask how many similar cases they have handled and if they have special skills or training that applies specifically to your needs. Lawyers can't mention clients by name, but you should ask for basic details about identical past cases.Financial Questions
You need to ask about every possible fee that will come up when working with an attorney. You should request a list of all costs in advance so you won't be surprised by additional expenses like overhead. Also determine exactly when you will start being billed. You want to inspect paperwork carefully. If the attorney charges you for his or her experience, you need to make sure he or she will perform tasks personally and not hand it off to an assistant.Find out if the attorney has a flat fee or charges by the hour. Many civil lawyers work on contingency. Whatever the payment plan, make inquiries about how the lawyer plans to provide service for your money and what you can do if you start to feel unsatisfied with his or her performance.Lawyer/Client Relationship Questions
When you hire a lawyer, you're agreeing to work with someone over a certain period of time. You need to ask questions about how the attorney will communicate with you and what responsibilities you hold in the relationship. The attorney should let you know the best channel for quick communication and you need to inform him or her when you want updates.You should also ask questions to get to know the attorney as an individual in order to ensure this is a person you can trust. Ask about their legal philosophy and how he or she views the lawyer/client relationship. Great questions to start off with are ones that will make your life easier, such as how to keep fees down or what daily disruptions you should expect from a long legal battle. The more forthcoming the lawyer appears to be with individual needs, the better.Top Reasons to Hire a LawyerYou may keep a lawyer on retainer or you could turn to an attorney during specific situations. Here are some common reasons people begin seeking legal representation or advice:You Know Your Limitations
If you sign documents and you come across a word you don't recognize, you need assistance. You may need a third party to help you navigate important employment or real estate paperwork. It's essential you fully understand the terms of any legally binding documentation or activity you become a part of. If you are not an expert in a given field, you'll want to hire an attorney who is.A lawyer may find legal implications or opportunities you might miss. If you find yourself in a civil or criminal matter, a proper attorney ensures you don't receive a harsh punishment for a small mistake.You're Facing an Important Event/Decision
When making decisions critical to your financial stability or personal life, you may want a lawyer with expertise in your situation to make sure you do everything you can to arrive at the proper resolution. This is especially true when you become involved in a criminal case and your freedom is on the line.It's not just a matter of legal knowledge; lawyer's have access to numerous resources you do not. They have staff ready to work around the clock and experts in a variety of fields to give your important issues the attention they deserve.You Can't Be Impartial
During times when personal matters intersect with legal proceedings, you may need to have an advocate to prevent your emotions from getting in the way of level-headed thinking. For example, divorce lawyers can mediate a heated argument and help both partners get on with their lives.Emotional investment could be subtle. You may want to have a lawyer look over an investment opportunity that looks too good to be true or investigate the merits of a possible civil suit when you feel wronged.You're Out of Options
Many people turn to lawyers when they are in trouble. If you've been accused of a crime or are in a terrible financial situation, you can find an attorney who will work with what you have available to assist you as you deal with your problems.Personal injury lawyers find solutions for people who can no longer work under their own power and bankruptcy attorneys prevent people from giving in to debt. If you find yourself in a situation where you can't find a solution, a lawyer may be able to offer the counsel you need.How to Choose a LawyerWhen it comes time to choose a lawyer, you should start by searching close to home. While you probably don't want the conflict of interest that comes from being represented by a family member, friends and loved ones can recommend lawyers who served them well in the past. If you do have attorneys you are familiar with, ask who they believe would be best for you.After going through personal references - especially from individuals who had similar needs - you should broaden your search through public information resources. You can call your area's attorney referral service or check legal organizations like Martindale-Hubbell. There are other resources available online. You should check websites for client reviews and other third-party forms of approval.When you build a list of possible candidates, perform a background check on each one. See if you can find information on their history and success record. Once you find a possible lawyer, you should call to arrange a consultation so you can ask your important questions in person.By performing the necessary research and taking every available precaution, you can narrow your search to the attorney most suited to your needs. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


Law Office of Michael G. O'Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle







Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill, The Types of Cases We Handle





Law Office Of Michael G. O’Neill

30 Vesey Street, Third Floor
New York, New York 10007
(212) 581-0990



 What We Do 
 Here is a
sampling of the kinds of cases I handle. Come back to this page often, as I
will be adding new categories and expanding my discussion of these areas of the
law





Employment
  Discrimination 

Age Discrimination
Race Discrimination
Sex Discrimination
Disability Discrimination
Religious Discrimination
Pregnancy Discrimination
Sexual Orientation Discrimination
National Origin Discrimination
Unlawful Retaliation
Reverse Discrimination


Civil Rights
False Arrest
Malicious Prosecution
Police Brutality
Excessive Force
Libel
Slander
Invasion of Privacy
Unlawful Governmental Action


Personal Injury
Automobile Accidents
Trip and Falls
Medical Malpractice
Dangerous and Defective Products
Wrongful Death


Labor and Worker Rights
Unpaid Wages
Unpaid Overtime
Wage and Hour Claims
Unfair Union Representation
Whistleblower Claims



I am often asked if I handle cases on a contingency fee basis. The answer is yes. In fact, virtually every case I handle is on a contingency fee basis. The fact of the matter is that very few people can afford to pay the legal fees of a top flight lawyer. Corporations can, and do, and this gives them a huge advantage. It's no accident that the overwhelming majority of individuals who sue corporations without the assistance of a lawyer lose their cases. The contingency fee levels the playing field. This is why business interests have mounted such a concentrated attack against contingency fees. They call this "tort reform." This is hypocrisy at its height. Corporations pay their lawyers up to $800 per hour, but they want to prevent individuals from hiring quality lawyers.








Home Page
Read the O'Neillaw Blog
Contact Info

One Click Contact





First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone Number *







Doing What We Believe In.
Copyright © . Michael G. O'Neill. All Rights Reserved.
Lawyer Advertising.








需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




Page Not FoundSorry, this page isn't availableThis link may be broken, or the page may have been removed.Go to the Next Caller® homepageBlogAbout uscareersdevelopersContact Us© Copyright 2017Next Caller Inc.Privacy PolicyTerms of Use











Michael G Oneill | Lexington MA | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Michael G Oneill?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Michael G Oneill
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






M







BZ Score:
93







License # CS-065713



 Lexington, MA 








Michael G Oneill




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
93







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Lexington

 
/


 best General Contractors in Lexington 

 



Updated: May 30, 2017





Overview

Michael G Oneill in Lexington, MA holds a Building Licenses, Construction Supervisor  license (CS-065713) according to the Massachusetts license board. Their BuildZoom score of 93 ranks in the top 27% of 139,240 Massachusetts licensed contractors.Their license (CS-065713) was verified as active when we last checked. If you are thinking of hiring Michael G Oneill, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 






Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 4 Turning Mill Rd Unit 814, Lexington, MA 02420 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Michael G Oneill




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Building permit



35 Gate House Dr, Waltham, MA, 02451
2015-12-02


Reverse door swing in 


Valuation:

N/A



Permit #:

P201641280



Status:

ISSUED



Fee:

$3,450



Permit Type:

Commercial Altera...



Building Type:

404 Research&Deve...















Similar Contractors
See more









P.O. Box 85, Medway, MA 02148



Iron Wood Commercial Construction, Inc




License # 174027


Medway, MA







93

BZ Score


$611K
Avg Project 


2
Projects














627 Washington St, Stoughton, MA 02072


Commericial Residential Construction




License # 181602


Stoughton, MA







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














106 Beverly St, North Andover, MA 01845

(617) 340-7657 ext. 728


Williams Construction Co
 



License # 051796


North Andover, MA




5

6
ratings
 







141

BZ Score


$44
Avg Project 


7
Projects













Michael G Oneill Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Michael G Oneill. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Michael G Oneill










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Michael G Oneill,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





93


Michael G Oneill








93


Iron Wood Commercial Construction, Inc







90


Commericial Residential Construction








141


Williams Construction Co






Request a Quote







License info














Verified License


License #CS-065713StatusActiveStateMassachusettsTypeBuilding Licenses, Construction Supervisor


BuildZoom verified this license was active as of April, 2017.Verify this license's status for Michael G Oneill at the Massachusetts Department of Public Safety.












93




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Massachusetts:













Does Michael G Oneill carry a valid contracting license?



Any work that involves a building's structural elements in addition to other construction, must be performed by a licensed construction supervisor, issued by the Department of Public Safety. A home improvement contractor must be registered by the Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation, to perform any nonstructural residential home improvement work.
Michael G Oneill currently holds license CS-065713 (Building Licenses, Construction Supervisor), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Massachusetts?



Contractors in Massachusetts must prove continous work experience in their trade or a construction related degree from an accredited college, before they can take an exam to become a licensed contractor. Construction supervisor licenses must be renewed every 2 years, after taking the requisite continuing education requirements. 











Your liability risk when hiring Michael G Oneill



Contractors in Massachusetts must carry general liability insurance and an active workers' compensation policy. Proof of a current workers compensation policy is required to file a building permit as a contractor in Massachusetts. Be sure to request a copy of certificates for each policy.











Financial recourse when hiring Michael G Oneill



If a remodeling project has gone badly a homeowner can recoup up to $10,000 of actual losses through the Home Improvement Contractor Guaranty Fund. The property must be the owner's primary residence, and a claim must be filed within 6 months of the initial court judgement or the arbitration award date.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Massachusetts, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner,choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with.BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free).Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Michael G Oneill
We will attempt to deliver your message to Michael G Oneill. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.


































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          




















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















