























Toronto | Ontario, Canada | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Rutherford atomic model
communism
Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010
Renaissance
Nelson Mandela











TorontoOntario, Canada



Written By:
Thomas Howarth


See Article History













Related Topics


Stephen Harper


Toronto Blue Jays


Hudson’s Bay Company


Ontario


Canada


Scarborough


Sheela Basrur


Neil Young


Toronto Maple Leafs


John Strachan



Toronto, city, capital of the province of Ontario, southeastern Canada. It has the most populous metropolitan area in Canada and, as the most important city in Canada’s most prosperous province, is the country’s financial and commercial centre. Its location on the northern shore of Lake Ontario, which forms part of the border between Canada and the United States, and its access to Atlantic shipping via the St. Lawrence Seaway and to major U.S. industrial centres via the Great Lakes has enabled Toronto to become an important international trading centre. Since the second half of the 20th century the city has grown phenomenally, from a rather sedate provincial town—“Toronto the Good”—to a lively, thriving, cosmopolitan metropolitan area. In 1998 Toronto amalgamated with East York, Etobicoke, North York, Scarborough, and York to form the City of Toronto. Area city, 244 square miles (632 square km); metropolitan area, 2,266 square miles (5,868 square km). Pop. (2006) city, 2,503,281; metropolitan area, 5,113,149.Toronto, Can.© Digital Vision/Getty ImagesIce skaters at a park, Toronto.Lowell Georgia/CorbisLandscapeThe city siteThe site of the city is almost uniformly flat, although 3 to 4 miles (5 to 6 km) inland there is a fairly sharp rise of some 40 feet (12 metres)—the shoreline elevation of the former glacial Lake Iroquois. Streets are laid out in a grid, although the pattern is modified to some extent by diagonal roads roughly following the shoreline. The central business areas are located around Bloor and Yonge streets and Yonge and Queen streets. The central financial district, with its numerous insurance and banking offices and the Toronto Stock Exchange, is in the vicinity of King and Bay streets, south of the old City Hall (1899).Skyline of Toronto.© Corbis






Similar Topics


Winnipeg


Ottawa


Calgary


Vancouver


Quebec


Victoria


Edmonton


Yellowknife


Mississauga


Montreal



The city skyline is dominated by the CN Tower (a communications and observation spire 1,815 feet [553 metres] high), as well as by the First Canadian Place (Bank of Montreal), Scotia Plaza, Canada Trust Tower, Manulife Centre, Commerce Court, Toronto-Dominion Centre, and Bay Adelaide Centre, each of which is more than 50 stories high. Other prominent buildings include City Hall (1965), Eaton Centre (a large indoor shopping complex), the gilded Royal Bank Plaza, the Toronto Reference Library, the Ontario Science Centre, the Royal Ontario Museum’s crystal-shaped facade, and Roy Thomson Hall, noted for its excellent acoustics. The city also features an extensive system of underground tunnels and concourses lined with shops, restaurants, and theatres. Through the construction of new housing and mixed-use projects, together with the restoration and rehabilitation of heritage buildings, an extraordinary vitality has been brought to the urban core.CN Tower, Toronto, viewed from …© 2005 Index Open
Read More on This Topic

Ontario (province, Canada)
...industrial economy. It is at once Canada’s economic pacemaker and a major force in national politics. To Canadians living outside its boundaries, its preeminent position and the influence of Toronto, the provincial capital, and Ottawa, the national capital, have constituted a not-infrequent source of regional resentment. Area 415,599 square miles (1,076,395 square km). Pop. (2011)...
READ MORE
The city’s lakefront is separated from the downtown area by railway tracks, an expressway, and increasing residential development. Ferry service connects the dock area to the Toronto Islands, about half a mile offshore, which have yacht clubs, a small airport, recreational facilities, and a residential community.North of the central business district is the fashionable Yorkville-Cumberland boutique shopping area, to the south of which are Queen’s Park, the Ontario Parliament Buildings, and the University of Toronto. Large expanses of grass and tall shade trees make this a pleasant area, complementing the ravines that form so important an element in the metropolitan parks system. One of the most attractive residential areas in Toronto is Rosedale, an older neighbourhood of dignified houses and winding, tree-lined streets quite close to the downtown centre, which itself contains many attractive streets of modest, well-designed houses.ClimateToronto’s geographic situation on Lake Ontario modifies the climate somewhat, although winter temperatures may frequently drop below 0 °F (−18 °C). Heavy snowfall, however, is rare even in January and February, the coldest months. July and August are humid, with temperatures often rising above 90 °F (32 °C).People
Test Your Knowledge


Sweet Tooth: Fact or Fiction?

The city’s population was traditionally Protestant and largely of British origin, but during part of the 1950s and ’60s Toronto became one of the fastest-growing urban areas in North America, with an influx of European immigrants that transformed the character of the city; by 1961 less than half the inhabitants of the central city were of British extraction. During the 1970s and early ’80s European immigrants were augmented by large numbers from the West Indies and Asia.Economy







				Britannica Stories





Demystified / Science
									Do Lie Detectors Actually Work?










Spotlight / Arts & Culture
									Normality Is a Paved Road: The Tumultuous Life of Vincent van Gogh










Spotlight / History
									That’s a Wrap: Methods of Mummification










Demystified / Literature & Language
									Lay, Lie, Lied, Lain: When Do We Use Which?










Industry and tradeToronto enjoys the economic benefits of its position on the Great Lakes and of its development as a rail and trucking centre. It is readily accessible to major industrial centres in the United States and to oceangoing shipping. As the capital of Canada’s richest and most populous province, the city has a widely diversified economy. Ontario produces more than half of Canada’s manufactured goods and most of its manufactured exports; it has immense resources of raw materials—minerals, timber, water, agricultural products, and hydroelectric power. The Toronto Stock Exchange is, in value of trading, one of the largest stock exchanges in North America. Tourism is also important to the city’s economy.TransportationPolicy for public transportation is coordinated by the Metropolitan Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). In addition to an extensive bus network and streetcar routes, the modern, efficient mass transit system has three subway lines and a rapid line. A series of provincial highways serve as arteries for the city’s commuters. Located 17 miles (27 km) west of the centre of the city in Mississauga is Toronto Pearson International Airport, Canada’s busiest air terminal.Administration and social conditionsBefore being amalgamated in 1998 into the City of Toronto, a single administrative unit, the former Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto comprised a number of large municipalities that were governed by the Metropolitan Council. The mayor and City Council (representing more than 40 wards) now govern the city. There are also four community councils (for Etobicoke York, North York, Scarborough, and Toronto and East York), which consider planning and local matters for their area of the city.City Hall, Toronto.Paul Thompson—Eye Ubiquitous/CorbisCultural lifeThe city is an important cultural centre. The Toronto Symphony Orchestra and other musical groups have an international reputation. There are three major theatres, together with many small experimental theatres. The Art Gallery of Ontario and the Royal Ontario Museum have excellent collections, and there are numerous privately owned galleries. Other attractions include the Ontario Science Centre, with its imaginative working exhibits, and Ontario Place, a large complex of recreational facilities on man-made islands that are an extension to the permanent Canadian National Exhibition. At the beginning of the 21st century, an area of historic Victorian industrial buildings, the Distillery District, was restored and became a popular cultural and entertainment destination with a wide variety of galleries, cafés, theatres, shops, and artists’ studios. Among the annual highlights of the city’s cultural activities are the Luminato and Nuit Blanche arts festivals and the Toronto International Film Festival.






Britannica Lists & Quizzes








Pop Culture Quiz
                                The Muppets










Pop Culture List
                                Behind the Scenes: 9 Historical Inspirations for Game of Thrones










Literature & Language Quiz
                                Jane Austen










History List
                                6 Oddly Named U.S. Government Operations





The city has several institutions of higher learning—the University of Toronto (1827), with branches at Mississauga (Erindale College) and Scarborough; York University (1959), with Glendon College; and Ryerson Polytechnic University (1948). The Ontario College of Art & Design offers a wide diversity of excellent programs. Also adding to the colour and vitality of the city are the zoo (opened in 1974); dozens of excellent restaurants, boutiques, and movie theatres; and major sports teams. The Toronto Maple Leafs (ice hockey) and the Raptors (basketball) play at the Air Canada Centre (1999), while the modern Rogers Centre (formerly SkyDome) stadium (1989), a multipurpose complex, houses both the Argonauts (Canadian football) and the Blue Jays (baseball).There is an active winter season of cultural activities, with a rich fare of concerts, theatre, opera, ballet, and films. Lectures, seminars, evening classes, and meetings of all kinds cover a multitude of subjects, and the religious life of the community is sustained by a variety of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, and other meeting places. Many ethnic groups organize traditional festivals, balls, entertainments, and social activities.In 1967 the Metropolitan Toronto Corporation assumed responsibility for the Canadian National Exhibition—reputed to be the world’s largest annual exhibition—which was first launched in 1879 as the Toronto Industrial Exhibition. An international air show; agricultural, animal, and flower displays; theatrical and musical events; and a fairground attract millions of visitors in the late summer each year. The permanent buildings are used for trade shows and other special events between seasons. The area has two seasonal amusement parks: the provincially owned Ontario Place (1971) and the privately owned Canada’s Wonderland (1981).






Connect with Britannica

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest

Toronto Parks and Recreation administers approximately 20,000 acres (8,000 hectares) of parkland, and ambitious plans have been made for the development of Toronto’s waterfront. The Toronto and Region Conservation Authority is an important joint provincial-municipal agency concerned with the development of recreational areas, flood control, and the conservation of existing woodlands and waterways. It is responsible for the implementation of a large part of Toronto’s regional waterfront-development plan. The authority also offers assistance and technical advice to rural landowners.Toronto is the main regional tourist centre serving the Muskoka Lakes, the Haliburton Highlands, and Georgian Bay, all magnificent lakeland and forest areas with fine hunting, fishing, and camping facilities. There has been a remarkable increase in winter sports, and, although Ontario’s highest point is only 2,183 feet (665 metres), good skiing facilities are available within easy reach of the city. Algonquin Provincial Park is some 130 miles (210 km) to the north, Niagara Falls is about 50 miles (80 km) south, and the city is surrounded by beautiful rolling farmland, with well-marked sites of historical and architectural interest. Camping, cottaging, boating, and fishing in summer and skiing, ice hockey, and curling in winter are the most popular forms of outdoor recreation.HistoryEarly settlementThe first known settlements in the Toronto area, Teiaiagon and Ganatsekwyagon, were inhabited by Seneca and later Mississauga Native American peoples. Teiaiagon was located on the east bank of the Humber River. Ganatsekwyagon was located near the mouth of the Rouge River. In the 17th century Teiaiagon became a trading post, strategically situated at the crossing of ancient Indian trails going west to the Mississippi River and north to Lake Simcoe and beyond into vast wilderness areas. These land and water routes were followed by explorers, fur traders, missionaries, and others intent upon opening up and exploiting the resources of the Great Lakes region. After Teiaiagon was abandoned in the late 17th century, French fur traders set up in its place a small store, Magasin Royal, that operated from 1720 to 1730.






Trending Topics


Rutherford atomic model


communism


Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010


Renaissance


Nelson Mandela


Industrial Revolution


Mona Lisa


Aristotle


Sir Isaac Newton


World War II



By the mid-18th century the name Toronto had come to be commonly used for one of three tiny forts built (1720–50) in the area by the French to defend their trade with the Indians against English and other European competitors. The French were defeated in 1759 and the forts were subsequently destroyed, but the settlement survived as a trading post.At the end of the Seven Years’ War with France (1763), Canada came under British sovereignty; during and after the American Revolution it was a haven for those American colonists who preferred British rule to that of the new republic. Some 40,000 loyalists are said to have settled in the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence areas at this time, and during the 19th century large numbers of immigrants came from Great Britain.In 1787 Sir Guy Carleton (later 1st Baron Dorchester), governor of Quebec, opened negotiations with three Native American chiefs for the purchase of a site for the future capital of Ontario. About 250,000 acres (100,000 hectares) fronting the lake were acquired in exchange for £1,700, bales of cloth, axes, and other trading goods.Ontario’s first parliament met in 1792 at Niagara, but in 1793 Colonel John Graves Simcoe, lieutenant governor of Upper Canada, selected the present site of Toronto for his capital because of its fine harbour, its strategic location for defense and trade, and the rich potential of its wilderness hinterland. He changed its name from Toronto to York; two years later (1795) Ontario’s capital consisted of only 12 cottages and a small military establishment on the edge of the wilderness.While the British were engaged with France in Europe, the United States declared war on Britain. York, with a population of 700, was practically defenseless. It was taken in April 1813 and was pillaged and occupied by U.S. forces for 11 days before being retaken by the British. The Speaker’s Mace was carried off but was returned in 1934; the Royal Standard is still in the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland.Economic depression in Great Britain following the Napoleonic Wars drove many overseas, and York’s population increased from 720 in 1816 to about 9,000 in 1834, when the city was incorporated and the old name of Toronto restored. In 1849 there was a disastrous fire that destroyed some 15 acres (6 hectares) of the downtown area, including St. James’ Cathedral, St. Lawrence Market, and many offices, stores, and warehouses, but the city soon recovered.Evolution of the modern cityRapid development followed the coming of the Grand Trunk and Great Western railways in the 1850s, and for a decade prosperity was enhanced by a treaty with the United States (1854) that gave certain products of Canada free entry to markets south of the border. The timber resources of the province were exploited, and large areas of land were converted to farming. Thus, Toronto grew rapidly as an industrial, trading, and distributing centre; its population was 45,000 in 1861, 208,000 in 1901, and 522,000 in 1921.Map of Toronto (c. 1900), from the 10th edition of Encyclopædia Britannica.Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.Prosperity and security were reflected in civic improvement, great building activity, and cultural progress. Between the city’s incorporation (1834) and Canada’s national confederation under the British North America Act of 1867, many of Toronto’s buildings of historical and architectural importance were constructed, including the new St. James’ Cathedral, St. Lawrence Hall, and University College (now part of the University of Toronto), all of which are still extant. The Grand Opera House (since demolished) was opened in 1874, a stolid successor to the numerous small theatres of midcentury that were mostly converted barns. King’s College (founded 1827), later to become the University of Toronto, was constructed in 1843 on the site of the present Ontario Parliament Buildings (1886).During the 50 years from 1834 to 1883, the city maintained its boundaries virtually unchanged. Some reclamation near the lake improved lakeshore properties and docking facilities. Largely by the annexation of adjacent villages and towns, the area of the city doubled by 1900 and doubled again by 1920. In 1930 the metropolitan area included the central city, four towns (Leaside, Mimico, New Toronto, and Weston), three villages (Forest Hill, Long Branch, and Swansea), and five townships (Etobicoke, East York, North York, Scarborough, and York).The Great Depression of the 1930s caused severe financial problems for suburban Toronto. Capital debt payments could not be met, and expenditure on public services—sewage and piped water supply in places remote from the lake, for example—had to be postponed. A rapid increase in population after World War II added to the municipal burden, and many solutions were investigated. In 1953 the Ontario Municipal Board recommended for the 13 municipalities the establishment of a federated form of government unique in North America. The Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto Act was passed, and a 25-member Council of Metropolitan Toronto met for the first time on January 1, 1954. One of the first tasks of the council was to find ways and means of dealing with common major problems by united action, while also permitting local matters to be handled independently. Since the joint credit of the combined municipalities was much greater than the sum of their credits as individual authorities, financing was greatly simplified. A common level of assessment and tax rate on property—the main source of revenue—was agreed upon by each municipality. A most significant feature of the system was that members of the Metropolitan Council were appointed by virtue of their election to office either as mayors, aldermen, or controllers of a particular municipality, thus ensuring a high degree of coordination and good communication between the central body and the local municipalities.The Metropolitan Council worked well: it resolved many of the difficult sewage and water problems; it greatly improved transportation by constructing expressways and roads, a new airport terminal building (1962), and an excellent subway; it authorized the construction of new schools and the renovation of old ones; and it introduced a regional parks system in an attempt to control future development.In 1967 the Corporation of Metropolitan Toronto was reorganized. The 13 municipalities were reduced to six, and the council was increased to 33 members. Later legislation gave the boroughs the option to rename themselves cities. The council considerably extended its responsibilities in education and the social services, adding, for example, urban renewal, waste disposal, and ambulance and library services. In 1975 and 1980 the council was again increased in size, and it added to its jurisdiction such problems as the control of urban development and housing for the elderly. In 1997 the Ontario legislature voted to combine the six municipalities into a single “megacity,” a change that went into effect on January 1, 1998.

Additional Media



					View
					all
					media
				





























More about Toronto

2 References found in Britannica ArticlesAssorted Referencesmajor reference
		(in Ontario (province, Canada))
	role of Basrur
		(in Sheela Basrur)
	


Additional Reading

External Links



CRW Flags - Flag of Toronto, Ontario, Canada


How Stuff Works - Geography - Geography of Toronto


Official Site of the City of Toronto, Canada


The Canadian Encyclopedia - Toronto, Canada


The Catholic Encyclopedia - Archdiocese of Toronto



Britannica Web sites
Articles from Britannica encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.Toronto - Children's Encyclopedia (Ages 8-11)Toronto is the largest city in Canada. It is also the capital of the province of Ontario. It is the cultural, trade, and financial center of the country.Toronto - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)Located on the north shore of Lake Ontario, Toronto is Canada’s most populated city and the capital of the province of Ontario. The city is Canada’s primary financial and commercial center. It is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange and many large businesses. Toronto also is a major international trading center. Lake Ontario serves as the area’s boundary between Canada and the United States. Across the lake from Toronto is the state of New York.
Article Contributors

Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.














IntroductionLandscapeThe city siteClimatePeopleEconomyIndustry and tradeTransportationAdministration and social conditionsCultural lifeHistoryEarly settlementEvolution of the modern city



Keep Exploring Britannica




Hit the Road Quiz
Take this geography quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica and test your knowledge.


            Take this Quiz





The Shining
horror novel by Stephen King, first published in 1977. Stanley Kubrick ’s adaptation of the novel, starring Jack Nicholson, is considered a cinematic classic, and the film’s popularity has perhaps eclipsed...


            Read this Article





Geography 101: Fact or Fiction?
Take this Geography True or False Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of various places across the globe.


            Take this Quiz





Stuart McLean
Canadian radio humorist who created and hosted the long-running weekly radio variety show The Vinyl Cafe, heard from the mid-1990s on the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. (CBC) radio network as well as on...


            Read this Article





12 Clues to Help Non-Canadians Understand the 2015 Canadian Election
Having experienced their country’s longest campaign season since the 1870s, Canadians will vote Monday, October 19, 2015, to elect a new federal parliament. If the opinion polls are right, it’s shaping...


            Read this List





World Tour
Take this geography quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica and test your knowledge of popular destinations.


            Take this Quiz





Myanmar
country, located in the western portion of mainland Southeast Asia. In 1989 the country’s official English name, which it had held since 1885, was changed from the Union of Burma to the Union of Myanmar;...


            Read this Article





United Kingdom
island country located off the northwestern coast of mainland Europe. The United Kingdom comprises the whole of the island of Great Britain—which contains England, Wales, and Scotland —as well as the...


            Read this Article





India
country that occupies the greater part of South Asia. It is a constitutional republic consisting of 29 states, each with a substantial degree of control over its own affairs; 6 less fully empowered union...


            Read this Article





China
country of East Asia. It is the largest of all Asian countries and has the largest population of any country in the world. Occupying nearly the entire East Asian landmass, it occupies approximately one-fourteenth...


            Read this Article





The Canadian Football League: 10 Claims to Fame
The Canadian Football League (CFL) did not officially come into being until 1958, but Canadian teams have battled annually for the Grey...


            Read this List





United States
country in North America, a federal republic of 50 states. Besides the 48 conterminous states that occupy the middle latitudes of the continent, the United States includes the state of Alaska, at the...


            Read this Article




View More













MEDIA FOR:
Toronto


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Toronto
Ontario, Canada


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit




Table of Contents











Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join











                    Contents
                

Contents




Toronto
Ontario, Canada









                            View All Media
                            
	                            (17 Images)
                            






Media



Print


Print
	   Please select which sections you would like to print:
	   







Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×
























Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    


Value-added wood products in Ontario - Wikipedia





















 






Value-added wood products in Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (October 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Value-added wood products in Ontario are the result of combining commodity level products and innovation. Essentially, producing value-added wood products means taking raw materials and turning it into something useful. For example: engineered wood, millwork, cabinets, furniture, tongue depressors or popsicle sticks, just to name a few. Additional processing of a commodity wood product by manufacturers creates a specialty product whose value is more than the original product. These value-added products become part of the secondary sector of our economy.



Contents


1 Forest Industry
2 Value Added Products
3 Sustainability
4 References



Forest Industry[edit]
The province’s forest industry is supported mainly by the Northern Ontario boreal forest. These are the expansive and renewable resources that are drawn upon for the creation of value-added products. The geographical area covers 690,000 square kilometers which is roughly 17% of all Canadian forests as well as 2% of the world’s forests. It is estimated that the Ontario landscape is covered by roughly 85 billion trees. The forest industry in Ontario brings in about $10.8 billion in revenue per year. Sixty percent of Ontario’s forest industry is recognized as value-added wood products. In 2005, Ontario’s manufacturing of cabinets and furniture represented $2.2 billion.[1]
Value Added Products[edit]
Value-added products are fabricated for the consumer. With the supply based on primary products, the production of value-added products generate jobs and revenue for many towns. There are numerous populated areas in Ontario supported primarily by value-added saw mills. [2] Searchmont Ontario is a good example, once a bustling town supported by its lumber industry, now may be considered by some to be a ghost town. Since the lumber mill has closed down, Searchmont’s main industries are tourism, as well as a ski hill.
Sustainability[edit]
Since the Ontario forests are so plentiful the wood resource would be sustainable for some time. Most companies are doing their own part to help ensure that there is enough lumber within Ontario to support numerous generations to come. Tembec Industries has invested a large amount of time and money into planting trees. Tembec recently celebrated their 250 millionth tree planted in Ontario. The Ontario Government’s land use strategy helps protect and sustain all of Ontario’s natural resources, including wood products. The Ontario Forest Accord provides security by forcing the forest industry and the environmental community to establish protected areas, while at the same time meeting the needs of the forestry industry. [3]
In 2001, over 61,000 people were employed in Ontario as a direct result of the value-added wood sector. 94% of these workers reside in Southern Ontario. [4]
There are over 2,000 manufacturers in Ontario producing value-added wood products. Furthermore, there are more than 1000 businesses associated with the value-added wood products. Out of all the Canadian provinces which produce value-added wood products, Ontario ranks first in terms of revenue. The majority of the Ontario’s manufactured wood-related merchandise is exported to the United States. The northernmost states account for the greatest amount of revenue from Ontario wood exports. [5]
Flakeboard Company Limited recently purchased a value added wood producing company located in Sault Ste. Marie. Formally G-P Flakeboard, a joint partnership of Georgia Pacific, the company has been operating since 1996 and owns the world’s largest continuous medium density fibreboard press. [6]
Tembec Industries has offices all over North America and France and exports goods all over the world. Tembec manufactures a large amount of pulp & paper and SPF lumber in Ontario. The goods include hardwood flooring, newsprint, and a variety of pulp. Tembec employs over 7,000 people worldwide. Tembec reaches approximately $2.4 billion in sales per year. [7]
Trus Joint Kenora, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser, recently opened a TimberStrand mill in Kenora. The 400,000-square-foot (37,000 m2) plant is the largest of its kind in the world. The $260 million plant manufactures state-of-the-art TimberStrand which is used for many different types of construction, including headers, flange stock, and long-length 2x4s and 2x6s. The plant employs only employs about 200 people. Analysis of employment trends from 1993 to 2002 show an annual growth rate of 5%. The exception being 2002 in which a decline of 3.6% was shown. Overall, an increase of 54% employment in the value-added wood processing is documented. [8]
In the same time period, shipments of value-added wood products increased. In 1993 the revenue made by value-added wood-exports was close to $4.7 billion. In 2002 the market price reached $11.4 billion. This trend surpassed the employment rate by threefold. Comparison of this relation indicates that labour productivity improved due to an increase in capital investment.
References[edit]


Invest in Ontario, Canada
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Forest Products Sector
Industry Canada
Monitoring and Supporting Value-Added Wood Products





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Value-added_wood_products_in_Ontario&oldid=640131712"					
Categories: Economy of OntarioForestry in CanadaHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking in-text citations from October 2009All articles lacking in-text citations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 29 December 2014, at 19:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Value-added wood products in Ontario - Wikipedia





















 






Value-added wood products in Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (October 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Value-added wood products in Ontario are the result of combining commodity level products and innovation. Essentially, producing value-added wood products means taking raw materials and turning it into something useful. For example: engineered wood, millwork, cabinets, furniture, tongue depressors or popsicle sticks, just to name a few. Additional processing of a commodity wood product by manufacturers creates a specialty product whose value is more than the original product. These value-added products become part of the secondary sector of our economy.



Contents


1 Forest Industry
2 Value Added Products
3 Sustainability
4 References



Forest Industry[edit]
The province’s forest industry is supported mainly by the Northern Ontario boreal forest. These are the expansive and renewable resources that are drawn upon for the creation of value-added products. The geographical area covers 690,000 square kilometers which is roughly 17% of all Canadian forests as well as 2% of the world’s forests. It is estimated that the Ontario landscape is covered by roughly 85 billion trees. The forest industry in Ontario brings in about $10.8 billion in revenue per year. Sixty percent of Ontario’s forest industry is recognized as value-added wood products. In 2005, Ontario’s manufacturing of cabinets and furniture represented $2.2 billion.[1]
Value Added Products[edit]
Value-added products are fabricated for the consumer. With the supply based on primary products, the production of value-added products generate jobs and revenue for many towns. There are numerous populated areas in Ontario supported primarily by value-added saw mills. [2] Searchmont Ontario is a good example, once a bustling town supported by its lumber industry, now may be considered by some to be a ghost town. Since the lumber mill has closed down, Searchmont’s main industries are tourism, as well as a ski hill.
Sustainability[edit]
Since the Ontario forests are so plentiful the wood resource would be sustainable for some time. Most companies are doing their own part to help ensure that there is enough lumber within Ontario to support numerous generations to come. Tembec Industries has invested a large amount of time and money into planting trees. Tembec recently celebrated their 250 millionth tree planted in Ontario. The Ontario Government’s land use strategy helps protect and sustain all of Ontario’s natural resources, including wood products. The Ontario Forest Accord provides security by forcing the forest industry and the environmental community to establish protected areas, while at the same time meeting the needs of the forestry industry. [3]
In 2001, over 61,000 people were employed in Ontario as a direct result of the value-added wood sector. 94% of these workers reside in Southern Ontario. [4]
There are over 2,000 manufacturers in Ontario producing value-added wood products. Furthermore, there are more than 1000 businesses associated with the value-added wood products. Out of all the Canadian provinces which produce value-added wood products, Ontario ranks first in terms of revenue. The majority of the Ontario’s manufactured wood-related merchandise is exported to the United States. The northernmost states account for the greatest amount of revenue from Ontario wood exports. [5]
Flakeboard Company Limited recently purchased a value added wood producing company located in Sault Ste. Marie. Formally G-P Flakeboard, a joint partnership of Georgia Pacific, the company has been operating since 1996 and owns the world’s largest continuous medium density fibreboard press. [6]
Tembec Industries has offices all over North America and France and exports goods all over the world. Tembec manufactures a large amount of pulp & paper and SPF lumber in Ontario. The goods include hardwood flooring, newsprint, and a variety of pulp. Tembec employs over 7,000 people worldwide. Tembec reaches approximately $2.4 billion in sales per year. [7]
Trus Joint Kenora, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser, recently opened a TimberStrand mill in Kenora. The 400,000-square-foot (37,000 m2) plant is the largest of its kind in the world. The $260 million plant manufactures state-of-the-art TimberStrand which is used for many different types of construction, including headers, flange stock, and long-length 2x4s and 2x6s. The plant employs only employs about 200 people. Analysis of employment trends from 1993 to 2002 show an annual growth rate of 5%. The exception being 2002 in which a decline of 3.6% was shown. Overall, an increase of 54% employment in the value-added wood processing is documented. [8]
In the same time period, shipments of value-added wood products increased. In 1993 the revenue made by value-added wood-exports was close to $4.7 billion. In 2002 the market price reached $11.4 billion. This trend surpassed the employment rate by threefold. Comparison of this relation indicates that labour productivity improved due to an increase in capital investment.
References[edit]


Invest in Ontario, Canada
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Forest Products Sector
Industry Canada
Monitoring and Supporting Value-Added Wood Products





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Value-added_wood_products_in_Ontario&oldid=640131712"					
Categories: Economy of OntarioForestry in CanadaHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking in-text citations from October 2009All articles lacking in-text citations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 29 December 2014, at 19:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Value-added wood products in Ontario - Wikipedia





















 






Value-added wood products in Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (October 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Value-added wood products in Ontario are the result of combining commodity level products and innovation. Essentially, producing value-added wood products means taking raw materials and turning it into something useful. For example: engineered wood, millwork, cabinets, furniture, tongue depressors or popsicle sticks, just to name a few. Additional processing of a commodity wood product by manufacturers creates a specialty product whose value is more than the original product. These value-added products become part of the secondary sector of our economy.



Contents


1 Forest Industry
2 Value Added Products
3 Sustainability
4 References



Forest Industry[edit]
The province’s forest industry is supported mainly by the Northern Ontario boreal forest. These are the expansive and renewable resources that are drawn upon for the creation of value-added products. The geographical area covers 690,000 square kilometers which is roughly 17% of all Canadian forests as well as 2% of the world’s forests. It is estimated that the Ontario landscape is covered by roughly 85 billion trees. The forest industry in Ontario brings in about $10.8 billion in revenue per year. Sixty percent of Ontario’s forest industry is recognized as value-added wood products. In 2005, Ontario’s manufacturing of cabinets and furniture represented $2.2 billion.[1]
Value Added Products[edit]
Value-added products are fabricated for the consumer. With the supply based on primary products, the production of value-added products generate jobs and revenue for many towns. There are numerous populated areas in Ontario supported primarily by value-added saw mills. [2] Searchmont Ontario is a good example, once a bustling town supported by its lumber industry, now may be considered by some to be a ghost town. Since the lumber mill has closed down, Searchmont’s main industries are tourism, as well as a ski hill.
Sustainability[edit]
Since the Ontario forests are so plentiful the wood resource would be sustainable for some time. Most companies are doing their own part to help ensure that there is enough lumber within Ontario to support numerous generations to come. Tembec Industries has invested a large amount of time and money into planting trees. Tembec recently celebrated their 250 millionth tree planted in Ontario. The Ontario Government’s land use strategy helps protect and sustain all of Ontario’s natural resources, including wood products. The Ontario Forest Accord provides security by forcing the forest industry and the environmental community to establish protected areas, while at the same time meeting the needs of the forestry industry. [3]
In 2001, over 61,000 people were employed in Ontario as a direct result of the value-added wood sector. 94% of these workers reside in Southern Ontario. [4]
There are over 2,000 manufacturers in Ontario producing value-added wood products. Furthermore, there are more than 1000 businesses associated with the value-added wood products. Out of all the Canadian provinces which produce value-added wood products, Ontario ranks first in terms of revenue. The majority of the Ontario’s manufactured wood-related merchandise is exported to the United States. The northernmost states account for the greatest amount of revenue from Ontario wood exports. [5]
Flakeboard Company Limited recently purchased a value added wood producing company located in Sault Ste. Marie. Formally G-P Flakeboard, a joint partnership of Georgia Pacific, the company has been operating since 1996 and owns the world’s largest continuous medium density fibreboard press. [6]
Tembec Industries has offices all over North America and France and exports goods all over the world. Tembec manufactures a large amount of pulp & paper and SPF lumber in Ontario. The goods include hardwood flooring, newsprint, and a variety of pulp. Tembec employs over 7,000 people worldwide. Tembec reaches approximately $2.4 billion in sales per year. [7]
Trus Joint Kenora, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser, recently opened a TimberStrand mill in Kenora. The 400,000-square-foot (37,000 m2) plant is the largest of its kind in the world. The $260 million plant manufactures state-of-the-art TimberStrand which is used for many different types of construction, including headers, flange stock, and long-length 2x4s and 2x6s. The plant employs only employs about 200 people. Analysis of employment trends from 1993 to 2002 show an annual growth rate of 5%. The exception being 2002 in which a decline of 3.6% was shown. Overall, an increase of 54% employment in the value-added wood processing is documented. [8]
In the same time period, shipments of value-added wood products increased. In 1993 the revenue made by value-added wood-exports was close to $4.7 billion. In 2002 the market price reached $11.4 billion. This trend surpassed the employment rate by threefold. Comparison of this relation indicates that labour productivity improved due to an increase in capital investment.
References[edit]


Invest in Ontario, Canada
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Forest Products Sector
Industry Canada
Monitoring and Supporting Value-Added Wood Products





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Value-added_wood_products_in_Ontario&oldid=640131712"					
Categories: Economy of OntarioForestry in CanadaHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking in-text citations from October 2009All articles lacking in-text citations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 29 December 2014, at 19:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Value-added wood products in Ontario - Wikipedia





















 






Value-added wood products in Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (October 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Value-added wood products in Ontario are the result of combining commodity level products and innovation. Essentially, producing value-added wood products means taking raw materials and turning it into something useful. For example: engineered wood, millwork, cabinets, furniture, tongue depressors or popsicle sticks, just to name a few. Additional processing of a commodity wood product by manufacturers creates a specialty product whose value is more than the original product. These value-added products become part of the secondary sector of our economy.



Contents


1 Forest Industry
2 Value Added Products
3 Sustainability
4 References



Forest Industry[edit]
The province’s forest industry is supported mainly by the Northern Ontario boreal forest. These are the expansive and renewable resources that are drawn upon for the creation of value-added products. The geographical area covers 690,000 square kilometers which is roughly 17% of all Canadian forests as well as 2% of the world’s forests. It is estimated that the Ontario landscape is covered by roughly 85 billion trees. The forest industry in Ontario brings in about $10.8 billion in revenue per year. Sixty percent of Ontario’s forest industry is recognized as value-added wood products. In 2005, Ontario’s manufacturing of cabinets and furniture represented $2.2 billion.[1]
Value Added Products[edit]
Value-added products are fabricated for the consumer. With the supply based on primary products, the production of value-added products generate jobs and revenue for many towns. There are numerous populated areas in Ontario supported primarily by value-added saw mills. [2] Searchmont Ontario is a good example, once a bustling town supported by its lumber industry, now may be considered by some to be a ghost town. Since the lumber mill has closed down, Searchmont’s main industries are tourism, as well as a ski hill.
Sustainability[edit]
Since the Ontario forests are so plentiful the wood resource would be sustainable for some time. Most companies are doing their own part to help ensure that there is enough lumber within Ontario to support numerous generations to come. Tembec Industries has invested a large amount of time and money into planting trees. Tembec recently celebrated their 250 millionth tree planted in Ontario. The Ontario Government’s land use strategy helps protect and sustain all of Ontario’s natural resources, including wood products. The Ontario Forest Accord provides security by forcing the forest industry and the environmental community to establish protected areas, while at the same time meeting the needs of the forestry industry. [3]
In 2001, over 61,000 people were employed in Ontario as a direct result of the value-added wood sector. 94% of these workers reside in Southern Ontario. [4]
There are over 2,000 manufacturers in Ontario producing value-added wood products. Furthermore, there are more than 1000 businesses associated with the value-added wood products. Out of all the Canadian provinces which produce value-added wood products, Ontario ranks first in terms of revenue. The majority of the Ontario’s manufactured wood-related merchandise is exported to the United States. The northernmost states account for the greatest amount of revenue from Ontario wood exports. [5]
Flakeboard Company Limited recently purchased a value added wood producing company located in Sault Ste. Marie. Formally G-P Flakeboard, a joint partnership of Georgia Pacific, the company has been operating since 1996 and owns the world’s largest continuous medium density fibreboard press. [6]
Tembec Industries has offices all over North America and France and exports goods all over the world. Tembec manufactures a large amount of pulp & paper and SPF lumber in Ontario. The goods include hardwood flooring, newsprint, and a variety of pulp. Tembec employs over 7,000 people worldwide. Tembec reaches approximately $2.4 billion in sales per year. [7]
Trus Joint Kenora, a subsidiary of Weyerhaeuser, recently opened a TimberStrand mill in Kenora. The 400,000-square-foot (37,000 m2) plant is the largest of its kind in the world. The $260 million plant manufactures state-of-the-art TimberStrand which is used for many different types of construction, including headers, flange stock, and long-length 2x4s and 2x6s. The plant employs only employs about 200 people. Analysis of employment trends from 1993 to 2002 show an annual growth rate of 5%. The exception being 2002 in which a decline of 3.6% was shown. Overall, an increase of 54% employment in the value-added wood processing is documented. [8]
In the same time period, shipments of value-added wood products increased. In 1993 the revenue made by value-added wood-exports was close to $4.7 billion. In 2002 the market price reached $11.4 billion. This trend surpassed the employment rate by threefold. Comparison of this relation indicates that labour productivity improved due to an increase in capital investment.
References[edit]


Invest in Ontario, Canada
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Ontario - Ministry of Natural Resources
Forest Products Sector
Industry Canada
Monitoring and Supporting Value-Added Wood Products





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Value-added_wood_products_in_Ontario&oldid=640131712"					
Categories: Economy of OntarioForestry in CanadaHidden categories: Articles lacking reliable references from January 2012All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking in-text citations from October 2009All articles lacking in-text citations 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 29 December 2014, at 19:41.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






                                      























Toronto | Ontario, Canada | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Rutherford atomic model
communism
Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010
Renaissance
Nelson Mandela











TorontoOntario, Canada



Written By:
Thomas Howarth


See Article History













Related Topics


Stephen Harper


Toronto Blue Jays


Hudson’s Bay Company


Ontario


Canada


Scarborough


Sheela Basrur


Neil Young


Toronto Maple Leafs


John Strachan



Toronto, city, capital of the province of Ontario, southeastern Canada. It has the most populous metropolitan area in Canada and, as the most important city in Canada’s most prosperous province, is the country’s financial and commercial centre. Its location on the northern shore of Lake Ontario, which forms part of the border between Canada and the United States, and its access to Atlantic shipping via the St. Lawrence Seaway and to major U.S. industrial centres via the Great Lakes has enabled Toronto to become an important international trading centre. Since the second half of the 20th century the city has grown phenomenally, from a rather sedate provincial town—“Toronto the Good”—to a lively, thriving, cosmopolitan metropolitan area. In 1998 Toronto amalgamated with East York, Etobicoke, North York, Scarborough, and York to form the City of Toronto. Area city, 244 square miles (632 square km); metropolitan area, 2,266 square miles (5,868 square km). Pop. (2006) city, 2,503,281; metropolitan area, 5,113,149.Toronto, Can.© Digital Vision/Getty ImagesIce skaters at a park, Toronto.Lowell Georgia/CorbisLandscapeThe city siteThe site of the city is almost uniformly flat, although 3 to 4 miles (5 to 6 km) inland there is a fairly sharp rise of some 40 feet (12 metres)—the shoreline elevation of the former glacial Lake Iroquois. Streets are laid out in a grid, although the pattern is modified to some extent by diagonal roads roughly following the shoreline. The central business areas are located around Bloor and Yonge streets and Yonge and Queen streets. The central financial district, with its numerous insurance and banking offices and the Toronto Stock Exchange, is in the vicinity of King and Bay streets, south of the old City Hall (1899).Skyline of Toronto.© Corbis






Similar Topics


Winnipeg


Ottawa


Calgary


Vancouver


Quebec


Victoria


Edmonton


Yellowknife


Mississauga


Montreal



The city skyline is dominated by the CN Tower (a communications and observation spire 1,815 feet [553 metres] high), as well as by the First Canadian Place (Bank of Montreal), Scotia Plaza, Canada Trust Tower, Manulife Centre, Commerce Court, Toronto-Dominion Centre, and Bay Adelaide Centre, each of which is more than 50 stories high. Other prominent buildings include City Hall (1965), Eaton Centre (a large indoor shopping complex), the gilded Royal Bank Plaza, the Toronto Reference Library, the Ontario Science Centre, the Royal Ontario Museum’s crystal-shaped facade, and Roy Thomson Hall, noted for its excellent acoustics. The city also features an extensive system of underground tunnels and concourses lined with shops, restaurants, and theatres. Through the construction of new housing and mixed-use projects, together with the restoration and rehabilitation of heritage buildings, an extraordinary vitality has been brought to the urban core.CN Tower, Toronto, viewed from …© 2005 Index Open
Read More on This Topic

Ontario (province, Canada)
...industrial economy. It is at once Canada’s economic pacemaker and a major force in national politics. To Canadians living outside its boundaries, its preeminent position and the influence of Toronto, the provincial capital, and Ottawa, the national capital, have constituted a not-infrequent source of regional resentment. Area 415,599 square miles (1,076,395 square km). Pop. (2011)...
READ MORE
The city’s lakefront is separated from the downtown area by railway tracks, an expressway, and increasing residential development. Ferry service connects the dock area to the Toronto Islands, about half a mile offshore, which have yacht clubs, a small airport, recreational facilities, and a residential community.North of the central business district is the fashionable Yorkville-Cumberland boutique shopping area, to the south of which are Queen’s Park, the Ontario Parliament Buildings, and the University of Toronto. Large expanses of grass and tall shade trees make this a pleasant area, complementing the ravines that form so important an element in the metropolitan parks system. One of the most attractive residential areas in Toronto is Rosedale, an older neighbourhood of dignified houses and winding, tree-lined streets quite close to the downtown centre, which itself contains many attractive streets of modest, well-designed houses.ClimateToronto’s geographic situation on Lake Ontario modifies the climate somewhat, although winter temperatures may frequently drop below 0 °F (−18 °C). Heavy snowfall, however, is rare even in January and February, the coldest months. July and August are humid, with temperatures often rising above 90 °F (32 °C).People
Test Your Knowledge


Obscure Olympic Sports

The city’s population was traditionally Protestant and largely of British origin, but during part of the 1950s and ’60s Toronto became one of the fastest-growing urban areas in North America, with an influx of European immigrants that transformed the character of the city; by 1961 less than half the inhabitants of the central city were of British extraction. During the 1970s and early ’80s European immigrants were augmented by large numbers from the West Indies and Asia.Economy







				Britannica Stories





Demystified / Science
									Do Lie Detectors Actually Work?










Spotlight / Arts & Culture
									Normality Is a Paved Road: The Tumultuous Life of Vincent van Gogh










Spotlight / History
									That’s a Wrap: Methods of Mummification










Demystified / Literature & Language
									Lay, Lie, Lied, Lain: When Do We Use Which?










Industry and tradeToronto enjoys the economic benefits of its position on the Great Lakes and of its development as a rail and trucking centre. It is readily accessible to major industrial centres in the United States and to oceangoing shipping. As the capital of Canada’s richest and most populous province, the city has a widely diversified economy. Ontario produces more than half of Canada’s manufactured goods and most of its manufactured exports; it has immense resources of raw materials—minerals, timber, water, agricultural products, and hydroelectric power. The Toronto Stock Exchange is, in value of trading, one of the largest stock exchanges in North America. Tourism is also important to the city’s economy.TransportationPolicy for public transportation is coordinated by the Metropolitan Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). In addition to an extensive bus network and streetcar routes, the modern, efficient mass transit system has three subway lines and a rapid line. A series of provincial highways serve as arteries for the city’s commuters. Located 17 miles (27 km) west of the centre of the city in Mississauga is Toronto Pearson International Airport, Canada’s busiest air terminal.Administration and social conditionsBefore being amalgamated in 1998 into the City of Toronto, a single administrative unit, the former Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto comprised a number of large municipalities that were governed by the Metropolitan Council. The mayor and City Council (representing more than 40 wards) now govern the city. There are also four community councils (for Etobicoke York, North York, Scarborough, and Toronto and East York), which consider planning and local matters for their area of the city.City Hall, Toronto.Paul Thompson—Eye Ubiquitous/CorbisCultural lifeThe city is an important cultural centre. The Toronto Symphony Orchestra and other musical groups have an international reputation. There are three major theatres, together with many small experimental theatres. The Art Gallery of Ontario and the Royal Ontario Museum have excellent collections, and there are numerous privately owned galleries. Other attractions include the Ontario Science Centre, with its imaginative working exhibits, and Ontario Place, a large complex of recreational facilities on man-made islands that are an extension to the permanent Canadian National Exhibition. At the beginning of the 21st century, an area of historic Victorian industrial buildings, the Distillery District, was restored and became a popular cultural and entertainment destination with a wide variety of galleries, cafés, theatres, shops, and artists’ studios. Among the annual highlights of the city’s cultural activities are the Luminato and Nuit Blanche arts festivals and the Toronto International Film Festival.






Britannica Lists & Quizzes








Pop Culture Quiz
                                The Muppets










Pop Culture List
                                Behind the Scenes: 9 Historical Inspirations for Game of Thrones










Literature & Language Quiz
                                Jane Austen










History List
                                6 Oddly Named U.S. Government Operations





The city has several institutions of higher learning—the University of Toronto (1827), with branches at Mississauga (Erindale College) and Scarborough; York University (1959), with Glendon College; and Ryerson Polytechnic University (1948). The Ontario College of Art & Design offers a wide diversity of excellent programs. Also adding to the colour and vitality of the city are the zoo (opened in 1974); dozens of excellent restaurants, boutiques, and movie theatres; and major sports teams. The Toronto Maple Leafs (ice hockey) and the Raptors (basketball) play at the Air Canada Centre (1999), while the modern Rogers Centre (formerly SkyDome) stadium (1989), a multipurpose complex, houses both the Argonauts (Canadian football) and the Blue Jays (baseball).There is an active winter season of cultural activities, with a rich fare of concerts, theatre, opera, ballet, and films. Lectures, seminars, evening classes, and meetings of all kinds cover a multitude of subjects, and the religious life of the community is sustained by a variety of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, and other meeting places. Many ethnic groups organize traditional festivals, balls, entertainments, and social activities.In 1967 the Metropolitan Toronto Corporation assumed responsibility for the Canadian National Exhibition—reputed to be the world’s largest annual exhibition—which was first launched in 1879 as the Toronto Industrial Exhibition. An international air show; agricultural, animal, and flower displays; theatrical and musical events; and a fairground attract millions of visitors in the late summer each year. The permanent buildings are used for trade shows and other special events between seasons. The area has two seasonal amusement parks: the provincially owned Ontario Place (1971) and the privately owned Canada’s Wonderland (1981).






Connect with Britannica

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest

Toronto Parks and Recreation administers approximately 20,000 acres (8,000 hectares) of parkland, and ambitious plans have been made for the development of Toronto’s waterfront. The Toronto and Region Conservation Authority is an important joint provincial-municipal agency concerned with the development of recreational areas, flood control, and the conservation of existing woodlands and waterways. It is responsible for the implementation of a large part of Toronto’s regional waterfront-development plan. The authority also offers assistance and technical advice to rural landowners.Toronto is the main regional tourist centre serving the Muskoka Lakes, the Haliburton Highlands, and Georgian Bay, all magnificent lakeland and forest areas with fine hunting, fishing, and camping facilities. There has been a remarkable increase in winter sports, and, although Ontario’s highest point is only 2,183 feet (665 metres), good skiing facilities are available within easy reach of the city. Algonquin Provincial Park is some 130 miles (210 km) to the north, Niagara Falls is about 50 miles (80 km) south, and the city is surrounded by beautiful rolling farmland, with well-marked sites of historical and architectural interest. Camping, cottaging, boating, and fishing in summer and skiing, ice hockey, and curling in winter are the most popular forms of outdoor recreation.HistoryEarly settlementThe first known settlements in the Toronto area, Teiaiagon and Ganatsekwyagon, were inhabited by Seneca and later Mississauga Native American peoples. Teiaiagon was located on the east bank of the Humber River. Ganatsekwyagon was located near the mouth of the Rouge River. In the 17th century Teiaiagon became a trading post, strategically situated at the crossing of ancient Indian trails going west to the Mississippi River and north to Lake Simcoe and beyond into vast wilderness areas. These land and water routes were followed by explorers, fur traders, missionaries, and others intent upon opening up and exploiting the resources of the Great Lakes region. After Teiaiagon was abandoned in the late 17th century, French fur traders set up in its place a small store, Magasin Royal, that operated from 1720 to 1730.






Trending Topics


Rutherford atomic model


communism


Deepwater Horizon oil spill of 2010


Renaissance


Nelson Mandela


Industrial Revolution


Mona Lisa


Aristotle


Sir Isaac Newton


World War II



By the mid-18th century the name Toronto had come to be commonly used for one of three tiny forts built (1720–50) in the area by the French to defend their trade with the Indians against English and other European competitors. The French were defeated in 1759 and the forts were subsequently destroyed, but the settlement survived as a trading post.At the end of the Seven Years’ War with France (1763), Canada came under British sovereignty; during and after the American Revolution it was a haven for those American colonists who preferred British rule to that of the new republic. Some 40,000 loyalists are said to have settled in the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence areas at this time, and during the 19th century large numbers of immigrants came from Great Britain.In 1787 Sir Guy Carleton (later 1st Baron Dorchester), governor of Quebec, opened negotiations with three Native American chiefs for the purchase of a site for the future capital of Ontario. About 250,000 acres (100,000 hectares) fronting the lake were acquired in exchange for £1,700, bales of cloth, axes, and other trading goods.Ontario’s first parliament met in 1792 at Niagara, but in 1793 Colonel John Graves Simcoe, lieutenant governor of Upper Canada, selected the present site of Toronto for his capital because of its fine harbour, its strategic location for defense and trade, and the rich potential of its wilderness hinterland. He changed its name from Toronto to York; two years later (1795) Ontario’s capital consisted of only 12 cottages and a small military establishment on the edge of the wilderness.While the British were engaged with France in Europe, the United States declared war on Britain. York, with a population of 700, was practically defenseless. It was taken in April 1813 and was pillaged and occupied by U.S. forces for 11 days before being retaken by the British. The Speaker’s Mace was carried off but was returned in 1934; the Royal Standard is still in the U.S. Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland.Economic depression in Great Britain following the Napoleonic Wars drove many overseas, and York’s population increased from 720 in 1816 to about 9,000 in 1834, when the city was incorporated and the old name of Toronto restored. In 1849 there was a disastrous fire that destroyed some 15 acres (6 hectares) of the downtown area, including St. James’ Cathedral, St. Lawrence Market, and many offices, stores, and warehouses, but the city soon recovered.Evolution of the modern cityRapid development followed the coming of the Grand Trunk and Great Western railways in the 1850s, and for a decade prosperity was enhanced by a treaty with the United States (1854) that gave certain products of Canada free entry to markets south of the border. The timber resources of the province were exploited, and large areas of land were converted to farming. Thus, Toronto grew rapidly as an industrial, trading, and distributing centre; its population was 45,000 in 1861, 208,000 in 1901, and 522,000 in 1921.Map of Toronto (c. 1900), from the 10th edition of Encyclopædia Britannica.Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.Prosperity and security were reflected in civic improvement, great building activity, and cultural progress. Between the city’s incorporation (1834) and Canada’s national confederation under the British North America Act of 1867, many of Toronto’s buildings of historical and architectural importance were constructed, including the new St. James’ Cathedral, St. Lawrence Hall, and University College (now part of the University of Toronto), all of which are still extant. The Grand Opera House (since demolished) was opened in 1874, a stolid successor to the numerous small theatres of midcentury that were mostly converted barns. King’s College (founded 1827), later to become the University of Toronto, was constructed in 1843 on the site of the present Ontario Parliament Buildings (1886).During the 50 years from 1834 to 1883, the city maintained its boundaries virtually unchanged. Some reclamation near the lake improved lakeshore properties and docking facilities. Largely by the annexation of adjacent villages and towns, the area of the city doubled by 1900 and doubled again by 1920. In 1930 the metropolitan area included the central city, four towns (Leaside, Mimico, New Toronto, and Weston), three villages (Forest Hill, Long Branch, and Swansea), and five townships (Etobicoke, East York, North York, Scarborough, and York).The Great Depression of the 1930s caused severe financial problems for suburban Toronto. Capital debt payments could not be met, and expenditure on public services—sewage and piped water supply in places remote from the lake, for example—had to be postponed. A rapid increase in population after World War II added to the municipal burden, and many solutions were investigated. In 1953 the Ontario Municipal Board recommended for the 13 municipalities the establishment of a federated form of government unique in North America. The Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto Act was passed, and a 25-member Council of Metropolitan Toronto met for the first time on January 1, 1954. One of the first tasks of the council was to find ways and means of dealing with common major problems by united action, while also permitting local matters to be handled independently. Since the joint credit of the combined municipalities was much greater than the sum of their credits as individual authorities, financing was greatly simplified. A common level of assessment and tax rate on property—the main source of revenue—was agreed upon by each municipality. A most significant feature of the system was that members of the Metropolitan Council were appointed by virtue of their election to office either as mayors, aldermen, or controllers of a particular municipality, thus ensuring a high degree of coordination and good communication between the central body and the local municipalities.The Metropolitan Council worked well: it resolved many of the difficult sewage and water problems; it greatly improved transportation by constructing expressways and roads, a new airport terminal building (1962), and an excellent subway; it authorized the construction of new schools and the renovation of old ones; and it introduced a regional parks system in an attempt to control future development.In 1967 the Corporation of Metropolitan Toronto was reorganized. The 13 municipalities were reduced to six, and the council was increased to 33 members. Later legislation gave the boroughs the option to rename themselves cities. The council considerably extended its responsibilities in education and the social services, adding, for example, urban renewal, waste disposal, and ambulance and library services. In 1975 and 1980 the council was again increased in size, and it added to its jurisdiction such problems as the control of urban development and housing for the elderly. In 1997 the Ontario legislature voted to combine the six municipalities into a single “megacity,” a change that went into effect on January 1, 1998.

Additional Media



					View
					all
					media
				





























More about Toronto

2 References found in Britannica ArticlesAssorted Referencesmajor reference
		(in Ontario (province, Canada))
	role of Basrur
		(in Sheela Basrur)
	


Additional Reading

External Links



CRW Flags - Flag of Toronto, Ontario, Canada


How Stuff Works - Geography - Geography of Toronto


Official Site of the City of Toronto, Canada


The Canadian Encyclopedia - Toronto, Canada


The Catholic Encyclopedia - Archdiocese of Toronto



Britannica Web sites
Articles from Britannica encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.Toronto - Children's Encyclopedia (Ages 8-11)Toronto is the largest city in Canada. It is also the capital of the province of Ontario. It is the cultural, trade, and financial center of the country.Toronto - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)Located on the north shore of Lake Ontario, Toronto is Canada’s most populated city and the capital of the province of Ontario. The city is Canada’s primary financial and commercial center. It is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange and many large businesses. Toronto also is a major international trading center. Lake Ontario serves as the area’s boundary between Canada and the United States. Across the lake from Toronto is the state of New York.
Article Contributors

Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.














IntroductionLandscapeThe city siteClimatePeopleEconomyIndustry and tradeTransportationAdministration and social conditionsCultural lifeHistoryEarly settlementEvolution of the modern city



Keep Exploring Britannica




Stuart McLean
Canadian radio humorist who created and hosted the long-running weekly radio variety show The Vinyl Cafe, heard from the mid-1990s on the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. (CBC) radio network as well as on...


            Read this Article





World Tour
Take this geography quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica and test your knowledge of popular destinations.


            Take this Quiz





Hit the Road Quiz
Take this geography quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica and test your knowledge.


            Take this Quiz





The Shining
horror novel by Stephen King, first published in 1977. Stanley Kubrick ’s adaptation of the novel, starring Jack Nicholson, is considered a cinematic classic, and the film’s popularity has perhaps eclipsed...


            Read this Article





Myanmar
country, located in the western portion of mainland Southeast Asia. In 1989 the country’s official English name, which it had held since 1885, was changed from the Union of Burma to the Union of Myanmar;...


            Read this Article





The Canadian Football League: 10 Claims to Fame
The Canadian Football League (CFL) did not officially come into being until 1958, but Canadian teams have battled annually for the Grey...


            Read this List





China
country of East Asia. It is the largest of all Asian countries and has the largest population of any country in the world. Occupying nearly the entire East Asian landmass, it occupies approximately one-fourteenth...


            Read this Article





India
country that occupies the greater part of South Asia. It is a constitutional republic consisting of 29 states, each with a substantial degree of control over its own affairs; 6 less fully empowered union...


            Read this Article





12 Clues to Help Non-Canadians Understand the 2015 Canadian Election
Having experienced their country’s longest campaign season since the 1870s, Canadians will vote Monday, October 19, 2015, to elect a new federal parliament. If the opinion polls are right, it’s shaping...


            Read this List





United States
country in North America, a federal republic of 50 states. Besides the 48 conterminous states that occupy the middle latitudes of the continent, the United States includes the state of Alaska, at the...


            Read this Article





United Kingdom
island country located off the northwestern coast of mainland Europe. The United Kingdom comprises the whole of the island of Great Britain—which contains England, Wales, and Scotland —as well as the...


            Read this Article





Geography 101: Fact or Fiction?
Take this Geography True or False Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of various places across the globe.


            Take this Quiz




View More













MEDIA FOR:
Toronto


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Toronto
Ontario, Canada


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit




Table of Contents











Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join











                    Contents
                

Contents




Toronto
Ontario, Canada









                            View All Media
                            
	                            (17 Images)
                            






Media



Print


Print
	   Please select which sections you would like to print:
	   







Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×



























Ontario Province Map | Digital Vector | Creative Force




















































 
 
















 


CUSTOM DIGITAL VECTOR & WALL MAPS
Co-Creator of Desktop Mapping with Apple & Adobe in 1988 ...
We’re even cooler now.
800-822-6331
 








Custom Maps 

World
USA
State-Regional
County-City
Territory-Radius
Tourism-Chamber
Real Estate
Data & Zip Codes


Stock Maps 

World
Continent-Country
USA
Canada
State-Province
County
City
Other


 


                        		View Bag 0                        	










 




 










Ontario Province Map


					Price: $95.00 


formats : Adobe Illustrator & PDF 
You always receive both formats

Item # 3806


Ontario Province Map contains major cities and highways.


100% guarantee
Add to cart



Ontario Province digital map is currently 16.1″ by 17.7″, but is completely scalable to wall map size.
Creative Force Maps:

You download both the Adobe Illustrator and PDF files immediately.
Fully-Editable Vector Files.
Royalty-Free.
High-Resolution.


Layer Directory

Province Polygons
Province Boundaries
Province Names
Metro Areas
County Polygons
County Boundaries
County Names
Capitals
US Major Cities
Large Cities
Medium Cities
Small Cities
Interstate Highways
Interstate Centerline
Interstate Highway Numbers
Interstate Highway Symbols
US Roads
US Road Numbers
US Road Symbols
State Roads
Coastline
Bay/Sea Names
Major Lakes
Major Lake Names
Major Rivers
Major River Names
Intermediate Rivers
Intermediate River Names
National Parks
National Park Names



Other Maps


Canadian Provinces Map Collection
$295.00
Add to cart

Quebec Province Map
$95.00
Add to cart

 











Can’t Find the Right Map?
Thousands of ready to go maps not on website.
We can also quickly customize any map for you.
100% Guarantee (even for custom maps).
Contact Now
 





Chat Now















        
        Creative Force

                    

About
FAQ
Blog
Contact Custom Maps ▼WorldUSAState-RegionalCounty-CityTerritory-RadiusTourism-ChamberReal EstateData & Zip CodesStock Maps ▼WorldContinent-CountryUSACanadaState-ProvinceCountyCityOther 










































 


 








































Ontario Industry and Economy










Skip to content
Ontario.ca
Français







   







Home
Before you arrive
After you arrive
Guides
Tools
Questions
About Ontario








You are here > HOME > About Ontario > Info Ontario: Explore Your New Home > Made in Canada

			

 








Print






 

Useful Links








 




Exploring Ontario
Made in Canada
Ontario’s economic life began with its natural resources like fur, timber and minerals. Today, natural resources are still an important part of the economy in northern Ontario, while southern Ontario has become a manufacturing centre. Most Ontarians (70 per cent), however, are employed in the service industries such as business, finance, tourism and culture.
Minerals and Mining
The first commercial oil well in North America was drilled at Oil Springs in Ontario (near Sarnia) in 1858. Ontario produces more than $5 billion worth of minerals a year and ranks as the world’s second largest producer of nickel. Ontario is also an important producer of gold, copper, zinc, platinum, palladium, cobalt and silver, which come mainly from the Canadian Shield, which covers two-thirds of the province.


Ontario’s First Railroads

Sir Sandford Fleming was a surveyor and engineer who came to Canada from Scotland in 1845 and helped to develop the Northern Railway. It linked Toronto to Georgian Bay. Fleming was also the inventor of international time zones. Discover the golden era of the iron horse and the man known as the Knight of Time.

Agriculture and Forestry
Farming and forestry have always been an important part of Ontario’s economy. The province’s farming past is rich with stories of success, hardship, innovation and community spirit. From 1869, immigrants from the United Kingdom, Europe and the United States were drawn to Ontario by offers of free land and hope for a better future.
Manufacturing and Construction
Henry Ford founded the Ford Motor Company in 1903 and the next year arranged for vehicles to be manufactured in Windsor, Ontario, for the British Empire. A hundred years later, Ontario had become the leading vehicle-producing region in North America, with shipments worth $63 billion in 2003 and more than 2.5 million production units in 2005. Seven of the world’s largest vehicle manufacturers operate 14 plants in Ontario.


DID YOU KNOW?



Dr. Frederick Banting and Dr. J.J.R. Macleod of the University of Toronto won the 1923 Nobel Prize in physiology for the discovery of insulin. Their discovery has allowed diabetics around the world to live longer, healthier lives.


Information and Technology
Home of the popular BlackBerry mobile communications device, Waterloo, Ontario, was recognized as the world’s most intelligent community in 2007. With Ottawa and Toronto, the City of Waterloo forms part of Canada’s “Technology Triangle” and is renowned for its strength in microelectronics, software and telecommunications. Ottawa was also named among the top seven finalists for the annual award of distinction.
Hospitality and Services
Three Ontario restaurants have won the coveted Five Diamond award, reserved for preferred restaurants and hotels that demonstrate the utmost in quality: Truffles, in the Four Seasons Hotel in Toronto, Langdon Hall in Cambridge, and Signatures by Le Cordon Bleu in Ottawa. Discover even more of Ontario’s fine hospitality and services with Ontario's top historic downtowns or this wine explorations getaways.


Destination Ontario

Ontario has 272 provincial parks, 44 ski areas, 600 golf courses, the longest freshwater beach in the world (on Georgian Bay), and the most diverse hunting and fishing in North America.

Explore Ontario: Be a Tourist in Your New Home
Niagara’s Wine Festival attracts over half a million visitors annually to its celebration of the fall harvest. If you can’t make it in time, or you would like to avoid the crowds, you could always follow the Ontario wine route in your own time. While you’re about it, you might want to investigate Ontario’s cheese producers. Ontario cheesemakers are now making over 30 unique goat’s milk and sheep’s milk cheeses at locations throughout the province, as well as many traditional cheeses.


FUN FACTS



Timmins is best known as the home of pop singer Shania Twain. It’s also famous for having produced more gold than any other place in North America!


Ontario Welcomes You
As a newcomer to Ontario, you may have many questions. The Province of Ontario has many services and programs to help you find the answers, information and support you need to succeed.
Just for Fun!
The one-dollar coin is called the “Loonie” because of the image of a loon on one side. When the two-dollar coin was minted, Canadians called it the “Toonie.” The Common Loon was declared as the official bird of Ontario in 1994. Learn about Ontario’s other emblems and symbols and what they mean.
 





 

 











 










 

 
Living




 

 
Working




 

 
Studying




 

 
Doing Business














 


Info Ontario: Explore Your New Home



People and History
Tradition and Customs
Arts and Culture
Made in Canada
Geography & Climate
Explore Ontario: Be a Tourist in Your New Home
Ontario Welcomes You: Services and programs to help you
Fun Facts and Figures






 


Explore Ontario Immigration



Home
Before You Arrive
After You Arrive
Cities & Towns
Living
Working
Doing Business
Studying







 


Online Tools



Online Tools
Interactive Search
Online Tours
Language Class Wizard
Site Map
A-Z Index
Glossary
How to Use This Site







 


Quick Links



Global Experience Ontario
Learn English or French
Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program
How To Apply







 


Explore Ontario



About Ontario
Cities & Towns
Discover Ontario
People and History
Tradition and Customs
Industry and Economy
Arts and Culture
Exploring Ontario
Geography and Climate
Settlement Services
Fun Facts







 


Contacts



Questions
Popular Links
Common Questions
Site Feedback
Ask An Expert
Ministry Communications




 
 


Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration









Mobile | Contact Us | Help | Accessibility | Privacy | Important Notices
© Queen's Printer for Ontario, 2009
Last Modified: July 04, 2016







 Ontario, Canada Province PowerPoint Map, Highways, Waterways, Cities - Maps for Design     Maps for Design  Downloadable, Editable, Royalty Free Maps for PowerpointMy AccountCheckoutCartHomeFree SamplesAbout UsFAQsInstructional VideosMake a Sales Territory mapContact UsOntario, Canada Province PowerPoint Map, Highways, Waterways, Cities$59.95  Add to CartContinue ShoppingOntario PowerPoint Canadian Province Map, with Editable Highways, Waterways, Major Cities, Names, Color, Capital.Each map comes already placed into a PowerPoint slide ready for customizing. Fully editable, PowerPoint map.Compatible with PowerPoint and Apple KeynoteLearn how to color and edit the Ontario, Canadian Province Map in PowerPoint, watch the video below SKU: 16324 Category: Canadian Provinces Maps Tags: blank map, Canada Province, Canadian, editable PowerPoint Map, object, Ontario, Ottawa, PowerPoint, ppt, printable map, Toronto, WindsorRelated products       Canada Powerpoint Map with Editable Provinces, Territories & Names $59.95 Add to Cartwoocommerce/content-product.php       World of Maps Editable Clip Art Download PowerPoint Collection $159.95 Add to Cartwoocommerce/content-product.phpwoocommerce/content-single-product.phpCategoriesWorld Projection MapsUS & Canada MapsUS States MapsUS Counties Detail MapsUS Counties Regional MapsCanadian Provinces MapsWorld Countries MapsWorld Continents & Region MapsGlobe MapsCollectionsMap T-ShirtsFeatured ProductCoupon Code!Use the code 20off to save 20%Now through June 30!Best SellerTranslatewoocommerce/single-product.php781-492-0742 • Terms of Services • Privacy Policy •
© 2017 Bruce Jones DesignLinkedInFacebookGoogle+TwitterYouTube ChannelSlideSharePinterest Boston-Area Website Management by BKJ ProductionsBUILD YOUR OWN SALES TERRITORY MAPS 20% Discount, Use Coupon 20OFF   ×             

	Ontario flag, Canadian Province flag, Ontarios flag, Canada flag at Flags Unlimited


























































                            Register

                            Log in

                    Shopping Cart
                (0)



Customer Service
Shipping & Returns










ORDER BY PHONE1-800-989-3524





















        My Cart: No items




Us Flags
Custom Flags
Flag info
Faqs
Testimonials
About us











                Shop Products





American/U.S.A. FlagsState & Territory FlagsInternational FlagsHistorical U.S. FlagsSports/Team FlagsMilitary & POW FlagsCustom Military GuidonsCustom FlagsCity FlagsFlag PolesPatriotic DecorationsPolice & Fire Dept FlagsPopular FlagsDecorative BannersFlag PatchesFlag Decals/StickersLapel PinsMarine/Nautical FlagsAccessoriesReligious FlagsMessage FlagsAttention FlagsKnivesConcession FlagsStock Logo FlagsVinyl BannersPennant StringsPatriotic Gifts & IdeasSeasonal Flags

 


 Shop Now


 







 












        Top

                International Flags

Canadian Province - Ontario Flag



   










        Canadian Province - Ontario Flag
    











$64.95


	
            Made in USA
        





     

0.00 out of 5 customer rating | read reviews




            The current Flag of Ontario was proclaimed the official flag of the Canadian province of Ontario by the Flag Act on May 21, 1965. The flag is a defaced Red Ensign, with the Union Flag in the upper left hand corner and the Ontario shield of arms in the fly.Our Canadian Province flags are made to the official size of 3'x6'. These flags are made from durable nylon material, designed to last!
        










        
         
        
        





$64.95



                            Canadian Province - Ontario Flag - Nylon - 3' x 6'
                            
                                


                                    SKU: 220115
                                



Material: NylonSize: 3' x 6'













Enter quantity
The quantity must be from 1 to 9999















        Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
    







Canada Flag








Canadian Province - Quebec Flag








A Spinning Tangle-Free Flagpole





















            Product reviews












                Product Specifications





Made in USA


                            Yes
                        




















Customer Service


Call 1.800.989.3524 or 
    813.684.1782
(9:00-4:30 EST)
Fax 813.654.4272


Email Us
Store Location
Shipping & Returns







Newsletter Signup
Enter your email address to receive our occasional newsletters with HALF-STAFF Notifications, product information, promotions and discounts. We will never provide your information to a third party.











About Our Flags

Flags Unlimited is proud to offer the finest flags available. All of our American flags and most of our products are made in the USA. Look for the "Crafted With Pride" icon for products made in the USA!






How to Choose a Flag

Finding the right size flag is easy! The length of the flag should be 1/4 the height of the pole. Nylon is the best all-around material, use Polyester2 for high-wind areas and budget polyester for short-term use.













Home
US Flags
Custom Flags
Flag Info
            e
            FAQs
Testimonials
About Us
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Location



Privacy Policy
Site Map


                © 2017 Flags Unlimited, Inc.. Website design by Bayshore Solutions.


Flags Unlimited, Inc. 421 Hobbs Street Tampa, FL 33619




Rss

                Facebook
Twitter











































  

Official Website of Tourism in Ontario | OntarioTravel.net
  








Live Chat
Live Chat


















Skip to Main Content
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Footer Content

Toggle button












Scroll Down


forground alt


























GET INSPIRED FOR YOUR NEXT PADDLING ADVENTURE

WATCH THE FILM >






16 ONTARIO SUMMER TRIP IDEAS

PLAN YOUR TRIP NOW >











GROUP OF SEVEN DISCOVERY ROUTES


Follow five discovery routes and connect the art on the walls to the landscapes, vistas and waterways that inspired the artists of the Group of Seven.

GET THE ROUTES >








WHERE AM I?


I hide behind a bride's veil, but can easily be found. Where Am I?

FIND OUT WHERE >









PLAYFIND THINGS TO DO IN ONTARIO


EXPLOREDISCOVER THE REGIONS OF ONTARIO






KEVIN’S REPORTS
Get Kevin’s reports and follow him on Twitter to find out where to go to get the most adventure out of each season.

Follow Kevin >





FIND ACCOMMODATIONS
Search for and book directly with a selection of accommodation in Ontario through the Hotel Association of Canada.

SEARCH NOW >





Ontario Travel Information Centres
Introducing your one-stop travel source for all things Ontario. 

Find one near you




Live Chat
Have questions about your next trip in Ontario?We're online and ready to help.

Chat now






BE IN THE KNOW

SIGN UP FOR THE ONTARIO TOURISM E-NEWSLETTERGet up-to-date Ontario travel information and getaway ideas delivered straight to your inbox.REGISTER NOWYour personal information will never be shared, rented, sold or otherwise released to any third party. For more, see our Privacy Policy.


PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE CHANGESAs of May 2017, the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use have been updated and can be found by selecting the MORE link at the bottom of this page or at Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.



DOWNLOAD OUR DISCOVER ONTARIO MOBILE APP

Find great festivals and events taking place near you.

DOWNLOAD


















Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






                                      


Ontario - Wikipedia






















 






Ontario

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the Canadian province. For other uses, see Ontario (disambiguation).


Ontario






Flag

Coat of arms





Motto: Ut Incepit Fidelis Sic Permanet (Latin)
("Loyal she began, loyal she remains")







BC
AB
SK
MB
ON
QC
NB
PE
NS
NL
YT
NT
NU







Confederation
July 1, 1867 (1st, with QC, NS, NB)


Capital
Toronto


Largest city
Toronto


Largest metro
Greater Toronto Area





Government


 • Type
Constitutional monarchy


 • Lieutenant Governor
Elizabeth Dowdeswell


 • Premier
Kathleen Wynne (Liberal)


Legislature
Legislative Assembly of Ontario


Federal representation
(in Canadian Parliament)


House seats
121 of 338 (35.8%)


Senate seats
24 of 105 (22.9%)





Area[1]


 • Total
1,076,395 km2 (415,598 sq mi)


 • Land
917,741 km2 (354,342 sq mi)


 • Water
158,654 km2 (61,257 sq mi)  14.7%


Area rank
Ranked 4th


 
10.8% of Canada


Population (2016)


 • Total
13,448,494 [2]


 • Estimate (2017 Q2)
14,135,610 [3]


 • Rank
Ranked 1st


 • Density
14.7/km2 (38/sq mi)


Demonym(s)
Ontarian[4]


Official languages
English[5]





GDP


 • Rank
1st


 • Total (2015)
C$763.276 billion[6]


 • Per capita
C$55,322 (7th)


Time zone
Eastern: UTC -5/-4
(east of 90th meridian west, and Pickle Lake)
Eastern: UTC -5
(Atikokan; does not observe DST)
Central: UTC -6/-5
(west of 90th meridian west, ex. Pickle Lake & Atikokan)


Postal abbr.
ON


Postal code prefix
K L M N P


ISO 3166 code
CA-ON


Flower
White Trillium


Tree
Eastern White Pine


Bird
Common loon


Website
www.ontario.ca


Rankings include all provinces and territories


Ontario (/ɒnˈtɛərioʊ/ ( listen); French pronunciation: ​[ɔ̃taʁjo]), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is located in east-central Canada.[7][8] It is Canada's most populous province[9] accounting for nearly 40 percent[10] of the country's population, and is the second-largest province in total area. Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included.[1] It is home to the nation's capital city, Ottawa, and the nation's most populous city, Toronto.[11]
Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west, Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north, and Quebec to the east and northeast, and to the south by the U.S. states of (from west to east) Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. Almost all of Ontario's 2,700 km (1,678 mi) border with the United States follows inland waterways: from the west at Lake of the Woods, eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system. These are the Rainy River, the Pigeon River, Lake Superior, the St. Marys River, Lake Huron, the St. Clair River, Lake St. Clair, the Detroit River, Lake Erie, the Niagara River, Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston, Ontario, to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall, Ontario. There is only about 1 km (0.6 mi) of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border.[12]
Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions, Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario. The great majority of Ontario's population and arable land is located in the south. In contrast, the larger, northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and heavy forestation.



Contents


1 Etymology
2 Geography

2.1 Climate


3 History

3.1 Territorial evolution
3.2 European contact
3.3 Upper Canada
3.4 Canada West
3.5 Provincehood


4 Demographics

4.1 Religion
4.2 Language


5 Economy

5.1 Agriculture
5.2 Energy


6 Government, law and politics

6.1 Law
6.2 Politics
6.3 Urban areas


7 Education

7.1 Higher education


8 Culture

8.1 Songs and slogans
8.2 Notable residents
8.3 Professional sports


9 Transportation

9.1 Roads
9.2 Waterways
9.3 Railways
9.4 Air travel


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Etymology[edit]
The province is named after Lake Ontario, a term thought to be derived from Ontarí:io, a Huron (Wyandot) word meaning "great lake",[13] or possibly skanadario, which means "beautiful water" in the Iroquoian languages.[14] Ontario has about 250,000 freshwater lakes.[15]
Geography[edit]
Main article: Geography of Ontario
See also: Census divisions of Ontario and Geography of Canada
See also: List of parks and protected areas of Ontario




Algonquin Provincial Park, Cache Lake in the autumn of 2006.


The province consists of three main geographical regions:

The thinly populated Canadian Shield in the northwestern and central portions, which comprises over half the land area of Ontario. Although this area mostly does not support agriculture, it is rich in minerals and in part covered by the Central and Midwestern Canadian Shield forests, studded with lakes and rivers. Northern Ontario is subdivided into two sub-regions: Northwestern Ontario and Northeastern Ontario.
The virtually unpopulated Hudson Bay Lowlands in the extreme north and northeast, mainly swampy and sparsely forested.
Southern Ontario which is further sub-divided into four regions; Central Ontario (although not actually the province's geographic centre), Eastern Ontario, Golden Horseshoe and Southwestern Ontario (parts of which were formerly referred to as Western Ontario).

Despite the absence of any mountainous terrain in the province, there are large areas of uplands, particularly within the Canadian Shield which traverses the province from northwest to southeast and also above the Niagara Escarpment which crosses the south. The highest point is Ishpatina Ridge at 693 metres (2,274 ft) above sea level located in Temagami, Northeastern Ontario. In the south, elevations of over 500 m (1,640 ft) are surpassed near Collingwood, above the Blue Mountains in the Dundalk Highlands and in hilltops near the Madawaska River in Renfrew County.
The Carolinian forest zone covers most of the southwestern region of the province. The temperate and fertile Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Valley in the south is part of the Eastern Great Lakes lowland forests ecoregion where the forest has now been largely replaced by agriculture, industrial and urban development. A well-known geographic feature is Niagara Falls, part of the Niagara Escarpment. The Saint Lawrence Seaway allows navigation to and from the Atlantic Ocean as far inland as Thunder Bay in Northwestern Ontario. Northern Ontario occupies roughly 87 percent of the surface area of the province; conversely Southern Ontario contains 94 percent of the population.
Point Pelee is a peninsula of Lake Erie in southwestern Ontario (near Windsor and Detroit, Michigan) that is the southernmost extent of Canada's mainland. Pelee Island and Middle Island in Lake Erie extend slightly farther. All are south of 42°N – slightly farther south than the northern border of California.
Climate[edit]
See also: Geography of Ontario § Climate




Köppen climate types of Ontario






Summer at Sandbanks Provincial Park on Lake Ontario.


The climate of Ontario varies by season and location.[16] It is affected by three air sources: cold, dry, arctic air from the north (dominant factor during the winter months, and for a longer part of the year in far northern Ontario); Pacific polar air crossing in from the western Canadian Prairies/US Northern Plains; and warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.[17] The effects of these major air masses on temperature and precipitation depend mainly on latitude, proximity to major bodies of water and to a small extent, terrain relief.[17] In general, most of Ontario's climate is classified as humid continental.[17] Ontario has three main climatic regions.
The surrounding Great Lakes greatly influence the climatic region of southern Ontario.[16] During the fall and winter months, heat stored from the lakes is released, moderating the climate near the shores of the lakes.[18] This gives some parts of southern Ontario milder winters than mid-continental areas at lower latitudes.[18] Parts of Southwestern Ontario (generally south of a line from Sarnia-Toronto) have a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dfa), similar to that of the inland Mid-Atlantic states and the Great Lakes portion of the Midwestern United States. The region has warm to hot, humid summers and cold winters. Annual precipitation ranges from 750–1,000 mm (30–39 in) and is well distributed throughout the year. Most of this region lies in the lee of the Great Lakes, making for abundant snow in some areas. In December 2010, the snowbelt set a new record when it was hit by more than a metre of snow within 48 hours.[19] The next climatic region is Central and Eastern Ontario which has a moderate humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb). This region has warm and sometimes hot summers with colder, longer winters, ample snowfall (even in regions not directly in the snowbelts) and annual precipitation similar to the rest of Southern Ontario.[17]




The Niagara Escarpment on the Bruce Peninsula.


In the northeastern parts of Ontario, extending far as south as Kirkland Lake, the cold waters of Hudson Bay depress summer temperatures, making it cooler than other locations at similar latitudes. The same is true on the northern shore of Lake Superior, which cools hot humid air from the south, leading to cooler summer temperatures.[17] Along the eastern shores of Lake Superior and Lake Huron winter temperatures are slightly moderated but come with frequent heavy lake-effect snow squalls that increase seasonal snowfall totals upwards of 3 m (10 ft) in some places. These regions have higher annual precipitation in some case over 100 cm (39 in). The northernmost parts of Ontario — primarily north of 50°N — have a subarctic climate (Köppen Dfc) with long, severely cold winters and short, cool to warm summers with dramatic temperature changes possible in all seasons. With no major mountain ranges blocking sinking Arctic air masses, temperatures of −40 °C (−40 °F) are not uncommon; snowfall remains on the ground for sometimes over half the year. Snowfall accumulation can be high in some areas.[16] Precipitation is generally less than 70 cm (28 in) and peaks in the summer months in the form of showers or thunderstorms.[16]
Severe thunderstorms peak in summer. London, situated in Southern (Southwestern) Ontario, has the most lightning strikes per year in Canada, averaging 34 days of thunderstorm activity per year. In a typical year, Ontario averages 11 confirmed tornado touchdowns. However, over the last 4 years,[when?] it has had upwards of 20 tornado touchdowns per year, with the highest frequency occurring in the Windsor-Essex – Chatham Kent area, though few are very destructive (the majority between F0 to F2 on the Fujita scale). Ontario had a record 29 tornadoes in both 2006 and 2009. Tropical depression remnants occasionally bring heavy rains and winds in the south, but are rarely deadly. A notable exception was Hurricane Hazel which struck Southern Ontario centred on Toronto, in October 1954.

Average daily maximum and minimum temperatures for selected locations in Ontario

City
July (°C)
July (°F)
January (°C)
January (°F)


Windsor (Windsor International Airport)[20]
28/18
82/64
0/-7
31/19


Niagara Falls (NPCSH)[21]
27/17
81/63
0/-8
30/18


Toronto (The Annex)[22]
27/18
80/64
−1/−7
30/20


Midland (Water Pollution Control Plant)[23]
26/16
78/61
−4/-13
25/8


Ottawa (Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport)[24]
27/16
80/60
−6/−14
22/6


Sudbury (Sudbury Airport)[25]
25/13
77/56
−8/−19
18/0


Emo (Emo Radbourne)[26]
25/11
77/52
–9/–22
15/–9


Thunder Bay (Thunder Bay International Airport)[27]
24/11
76/52
−9/−21
18/−5


Kenora (Kenora Airport)[28]
24/15
76/59
−11/−21
12/−5


Moosonee (UA)[29]
23/9
73/48
−14/-26
8/-15


History[edit]
Main articles: History of Ontario and Upper Canada
Territorial evolution[edit]




Evolution of the borders of Ontario.
View full resolution for time-lapsed evolution


Land was not legally subdivided into administrative units until a treaty had been concluded with the Aboriginal people ceding the land. In 1788, while part of the Province of Quebec, southern Ontario was divided into four districts: Hesse, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, and Nassau.
In 1792, the four districts were renamed: Hesse became the Western District, Lunenburg became the Eastern District, Mecklenburg became the Midland District, and Nassau became the Home District. Counties were created within the districts.
By 1798, there were eight districts: Eastern, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, and Western.
By 1826, there were eleven districts: Bathurst, Eastern, Gore, Home, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, and Western.
By 1838, there were twenty districts: Bathurst, Brock, Colbourne, Dalhousie, Eastern, Gore, Home, Huron, Johnstown, London, Midland, Newcastle, Niagara, Ottawa, Prince Edward, Simcoe, Talbot, Victoria, Wellington, and Western.
In 1849, the districts of southern Ontario were abolished by the Province of Canada, and county governments took over certain municipal responsibilities. The Province of Canada also began creating districts in sparsely populated Northern Ontario with the establishment of Algoma District and Nipissing District in 1858.
The borders of Ontario, its new name in 1867, were provisionally expanded north and west. When the Province of Canada was formed, its borders were not entirely clear, and Ontario claimed eventually to reach all the way to the Rocky Mountains and Arctic Ocean. With Canada's acquisition of Rupert's Land, Ontario was interested in clearly defining its borders, especially since some of the new areas in which it was interested were rapidly growing. After the federal government asked Ontario to pay for construction in the new disputed area, the province asked for an elaboration on its limits, and its boundary was moved north to the 51st parallel north.[30]
The northern and western boundaries of Ontario were in dispute after Canadian Confederation. Ontario's right to Northwestern Ontario was determined by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1884 and confirmed by the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889 of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. By 1899, there were seven northern districts: Algoma, Manitoulin, Muskoka, Nipissing, Parry Sound, Rainy River, and Thunder Bay. Four more northern districts were created between 1907 and 1912: Cochrane, Kenora, Sudbury and Timiskaming.[31]
European contact[edit]




Statue of United Empire Loyalists in downtown Hamilton on Main Street East.


Prior to the arrival of the Europeans, the region was inhabited by Algonquian (Ojibwa, Cree and Algonquin) in the northern/western portions, and Iroquois and Wyandot (Huron) tribes more in the south/east.[32] During the 17th century, the Algonquians and Hurons fought the Beaver Wars against the Iroquois.[33] The French explorer Étienne Brûlé explored part of the area in 1610–12.[34] The English explorer Henry Hudson sailed into Hudson Bay in 1611 and claimed the area for England.
Samuel de Champlain reached Lake Huron in 1615, and French missionaries began to establish posts along the Great Lakes. French settlement was hampered by their hostilities with the Iroquois, who allied themselves with the British.[35] From 1634 to 1640, Hurons were devastated by European infectious diseases, such as measles and smallpox, to which they had no immunity.[36] By 1700, the Iroquois had seceded from Ontario and the Mississaugas of the Ojibwa had settled the north shore of Lake Ontario.
The British established trading posts on Hudson Bay in the late 17th century and began a struggle for domination of Ontario. The 1763 Treaty of Paris ended the Seven Years' War by awarding nearly all of France's North American possessions (New France) to Britain. The region was annexed to Quebec in 1774.[37] The first European settlements were in 1782–1784 when 5,000 American loyalists entered what is now Ontario following the American Revolution.[38] The Kingdom of Great Britain granted them 200 acres (81 ha) land and other items with which to rebuild their lives.[35] The British also set up reservations in Ontario for the Mohawks who had fought for the British and had lost their land in New York state. Other Iroquois were resettled in 1784 at the Six Nations reserve at the west end of Lake Ontario.
The population of Canada west of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence substantially increased during this period, a fact recognized by the Constitutional Act of 1791, which split Quebec into the Canadas: Upper Canada southwest of the St. Lawrence-Ottawa River confluence, and Lower Canada east of it. John Graves Simcoe was appointed Upper Canada's first Lieutenant governor in 1793.[39]
Upper Canada[edit]
Main article: Upper Canada
American troops in the War of 1812 invaded Upper Canada across the Niagara River and the Detroit River, but were defeated and pushed back by the British, Canadian fencibles and militias, and First Nations warriors. However, eventually the Americans gained control of Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. During the Battle of York in 1813, American troops occupied the Town of York. The Americans looted the town and burned the Parliament Buildings during the brief occupation.
After the War of 1812, relative stability allowed for increasing numbers of immigrants to arrive from Europe rather than from the United States. As was the case in the previous decades, this immigration shift was encouraged by the colonial leaders. Despite affordable and often free land, many arriving newcomers, mostly from Britain and Ireland, found frontier life with the harsh climate difficult, and some of those with the means eventually returned home or went south. However, population growth far exceeded emigration in the decades that followed. It was a mostly agrarian-based society, but canal projects and a new network of plank roads spurred greater trade within the colony and with the United States, thereby improving previously damaged relations over time.




Lower Ontario in 1718, Guillaume de L'Isle map, approximate province area highlighted.


Meanwhile, Ontario's numerous waterways aided travel and transportation into the interior and supplied water power for development. As the population increased, so did the industries and transportation networks, which in turn led to further development. By the end of the century, Ontario vied with Quebec as the nation's leader in terms of growth in population, industry, arts and communications.[40]
Unrest in the colony began to chafe against the aristocratic Family Compact who governed while benefiting economically from the region's resources, and who did not allow elected bodies power. This resentment spurred republican ideals and sowed the seeds for early Canadian nationalism. Accordingly, rebellion in favour of responsible government rose in both regions; Louis-Joseph Papineau led the Lower Canada Rebellion and William Lyon Mackenzie led the Upper Canada Rebellion.
Canada West[edit]
Main article: Province of Canada
Although both rebellions were put down in short order, the British government sent Lord Durham to investigate the causes of the unrest. He recommended that self-government be granted and that Lower and Upper Canada be re-joined in an attempt to assimilate the French Canadians. Accordingly, the two colonies were merged into the Province of Canada by the Act of Union 1840, with the capital at Kingston, and Upper Canada becoming known as Canada West. Parliamentary self-government was granted in 1848. There were heavy waves of immigration in the 1840s, and the population of Canada West more than doubled by 1851 over the previous decade. As a result, for the first time the English-speaking population of Canada West surpassed the French-speaking population of Canada East, tilting the representative balance of power.
An economic boom in the 1850s coincided with railway expansion across the province, further increasing the economic strength of Central Canada. With the repeal of the Corn Laws and a reciprocity agreement in place with United States, various industries such as timber, mining, farming and alcohol distilling benefited tremendously.
A political stalemate between the French- and English-speaking legislators, as well as fear of aggression from the United States during and immediately after the American Civil War, led the political elite to hold a series of conferences in the 1860s to effect a broader federal union of all British North American colonies. The British North America Act took effect on July 1, 1867, establishing the Dominion of Canada, initially with four provinces: Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Quebec and Ontario. The Province of Canada was divided into Ontario and Quebec so that each linguistic group would have its own province. Both Quebec and Ontario were required by section 93 of the British North America Act to safeguard existing educational rights and privileges of Protestant and the Catholic minority. Thus, separate Catholic schools and school boards were permitted in Ontario. However, neither province had a constitutional requirement to protect its French- or English-speaking minority. Toronto was formally established as Ontario's provincial capital.
Provincehood[edit]




Downtown London at night.






Celebrating V-E Day in Ottawa in 1945






Toronto, the capital of Ontario


Once constituted as a province, Ontario proceeded to assert its economic and legislative power. In 1872, the lawyer Oliver Mowat became Premier of Ontario and remained as premier until 1896. He fought for provincial rights, weakening the power of the federal government in provincial matters, usually through well-argued appeals to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. His battles with the federal government greatly decentralized Canada, giving the provinces far more power than John A. Macdonald had intended. He consolidated and expanded Ontario's educational and provincial institutions, created districts in Northern Ontario, and fought to ensure that those parts of Northwestern Ontario not historically part of Upper Canada (the vast areas north and west of the Lake Superior-Hudson Bay watershed, known as the District of Keewatin) would become part of Ontario, a victory embodied in the Canada (Ontario Boundary) Act, 1889. He also presided over the emergence of the province into the economic powerhouse of Canada. Mowat was the creator of what is often called Empire Ontario.
Beginning with Sir John A. Macdonald's National Policy (1879) and the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (1875–1885) through Northern Ontario and the Canadian Prairies to British Columbia, Ontario manufacturing and industry flourished. However, population increase slowed after a large recession hit the province in 1893, thus slowing growth drastically but for only a few years. Many newly arrived immigrants and others moved west along the railway to the Prairie Provinces and British Columbia, sparsely settling Northern Ontario.
Mineral exploitation accelerated in the late 19th century, leading to the rise of important mining centres in the northeast, such as Sudbury, Cobalt and Timmins. The province harnessed its water power to generate hydro-electric power and created the state-controlled Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, later Ontario Hydro. The availability of cheap electric power further facilitated the development of industry. The Ford Motor Company of Canada was established in 1904. General Motors Canada was formed in 1918. The motor vehicle industry became the most lucrative industry for the Ontario economy during the 20th century.
In July 1912, the Conservative government of Sir James Whitney issued Regulation 17 which severely limited the availability of French-language schooling to the province's French-speaking minority. French Canadians reacted with outrage, journalist Henri Bourassa denouncing the "Prussians of Ontario". The regulation was eventually repealed in 1927.
Influenced by events in the United States, the government of Sir William Hearst introduced prohibition of alcoholic drinks in 1916 with the passing of the Ontario Temperance Act. However, residents could distill and retain their own personal supply, and liquor producers could continue distillation and export for sale, allowing this already sizeable industry to strengthen further. Ontario became a hotbed for the illegal smuggling of liquor and the biggest supplier into the United States, which was under complete prohibition. Prohibition in Ontario came to an end in 1927 with the establishment of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario under the government of Howard Ferguson. The sale and consumption of liquor, wine, and beer are still controlled by some of the most extreme laws in North America to ensure that strict community standards and revenue generation from the alcohol retail monopoly are upheld. In April 2007, Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament Kim Craitor suggested that local brewers should be able to sell their beer in local corner stores; however, the motion was quickly rejected by Premier Dalton McGuinty.
The post-World War II period was one of exceptional prosperity and growth. Ontario has been the recipients of most immigration to Canada, largely immigrants from war-torn Europe in the 1950s and 1960s and following changes in federal immigration law, a massive influx of non-Europeans since the 1970s. From a largely ethnically British province, Ontario has rapidly become culturally very diverse.
The nationalist movement in Quebec, particularly after the election of the Parti Québécois in 1976, contributed to driving many businesses and English-speaking people out of Quebec to Ontario, and as a result Toronto surpassed Montreal as the largest city and economic centre of Canada.[citation needed] Depressed economic conditions in the Maritime Provinces have also resulted in de-population of those provinces in the 20th century, with heavy migration into Ontario.[citation needed]
Ontario's official language is English.[5] Numerous French language services are available under the French Language Services Act of 1990 in designated areas where sizeable francophone populations exist.
Demographics[edit]
Main article: Demographics of Ontario


Historical populations


Year
Pop.
±%


1851
952,004
—    


1861
1,396,091
+46.6%


1871
1,620,851
+16.1%


1881
1,926,922
+18.9%


1891
2,114,321
+9.7%


1901
2,182,947
+3.2%


1911
2,527,292
+15.8%


1921
2,933,662
+16.1%


1931
3,431,683
+17.0%


1941
3,787,655
+10.4%


1951
4,597,542
+21.4%


1956
5,404,933
+17.6%


1961
6,236,092
+15.4%


1966
6,960,870
+11.6%


1971
7,703,105
+10.7%


1976
8,264,465
+7.3%


1981
8,625,107
+4.4%


1986
9,101,695
+5.5%


1991
10,084,885
+10.8%


1996
10,753,573
+6.6%


2001
11,410,046
+6.1%


2006
12,160,282
+6.6%


2011
12,851,821
+5.7%


2016
13,448,494
+4.6%


Source: Statistics Canada


In the 2011 census, Ontario had a population of 12,851,821 living in 4,887,508 of its 5,308,785 total dwellings, a 5.7 percent change from its 2006 population of 12,160,282. With a land area of 908,607.67 km2 (350,815.38 sq mi), it had a population density of 14.1/km2 (36.6/sq mi) in 2011.[2] In 2013, Statistics Canada estimated the province's population to be 13,537,994.[41]
The percentages given below add to more than 100 percent because of dual responses (e.g., "French and Canadian" response generates an entry both in the category "French Canadian" and in the category "Canadian").
The majority of Ontarians are of English or other European descent including large Scottish, Irish and Italian communities. Slightly less than 5 percent of the population of Ontario is Franco-Ontarian, that is those whose native tongue is French, although those with French ancestry account for 11 percent of the population. In relation to natural increase or inter-provincial migration, immigration is a huge population growth force in Ontario, as it has been over the last two centuries. More recent sources of immigrants with large or growing communities in Ontario include South Asians,[42][better source needed] Caribbeans, Latin Americans, Europeans, Asians, and Africans. Most populations have settled in the larger urban centres.
In 2011, 25.9 percent of the population consisted of visible minorities and 2.4 percent of the population was Aboriginal, mostly of First Nations and Métis descent. There was also a small number of Inuit people in the province. The number of Aboriginal people and visible minorities has been increasing at a faster rate than the general population of Ontario.[43]
Religion[edit]
In 2011, the largest religious denominations in Ontario were the Roman Catholic Church (with 31.4% of the population), the United Church of Canada (7.5%), and the Anglican Church (6.1%). 23.1% of Ontarians had no religious affiliation, making it the second-largest religious grouping in the province after Roman Catholics.[44]
The major religious groups in Ontario in 2011 were:


Religion
People
%


Total
12,651,795
100  


Catholic
3,976,610
31.4


No religious affiliation
2,927,790
23.1


Protestant
2,668,665
21.1


Other Christians
1,224,300
9.7


Muslim
581,950
4.6


Hindu
366,720
2.9


Christian Orthodox
297,710
2.4


Jewish
195,540
1.5


Sikh
179,765
1.4


Buddhist
163,750
1.3


Other Religions
68,985
0.5


Language[edit]
See also: Franco-Ontarian
The principal language of Ontario is English, the province's de facto official language,[45] which is spoken natively by about 70 % of the province's population, according to the 2011 census. There is also a French-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern, eastern, and extreme Southern parts of the province, where under the French Language Services Act, provincial government services are required to be available in French if at least 10 % of a designated area's population report French as their native language. Roughly 4 % of Ontarians speak French as their mother tongue,[46] and 11% are bilingual, speaking both English and French, according to the 2011 census.[46] Other languages spoken by residents include Arabic, Bengali, Cantonese, Dutch, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Italian, Korean, Mandarin, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Russian, Somali, Spanish, Tagalog, Tamil, Urdu and Vietnamese.[47]
Economy[edit]
Main article: Economy of Ontario




Ship in Hamilton Harbour. The manufacturing sector is a major employer in Ontario.


Ontario is Canada's leading manufacturing province, accounting for 52% of the total national manufacturing shipments in 2004.[48] Ontario's largest trading partner is the American state of Michigan. As of April 2012[update], Moody's bond-rating agency rated Ontario debt at AA2/stable,[49] while S&P rated it AA-.[50] Dominion Bond Rating Service rated it AA(low) in January 2013.[51] Long known as a bastion of Canadian manufacturing and financial solvency, Ontario's public debt-to-GDP ratio is projected to be 38.6% in fiscal year 2016-2017, compared to 26% in 2007-2008.[52]
Ontario's rivers make it rich in hydroelectric energy.[53] In 2009, Ontario Power Generation generated 70 percent of the electricity of the province, of which 51 percent is nuclear, 39 % is hydroelectric and 10 % is fossil-fuel derived.[54] By 2025, nuclear power is projected to supply 42 %, while fossil-fuel-derived generation is projected to decrease slightly over the next 20 years.[55] Much of the newer power generation coming online in the last few years is natural gas or combined-cycle natural gas plants. OPG is not, however, responsible for the transmission of power, which is under the control of Hydro One. Despite its diverse range of power options, problems related to increasing consumption, lack of energy efficiency and aging nuclear reactors, Ontario has been forced in recent years to purchase power from its neighbours Quebec and Michigan to supplement its power needs during peak consumption periods. Ontario's basic domestic rate in 2010 was 11.17 cents per kWH; by contrast. Quebec's was 6.81.[56] In December 2013, the government projected a 42 percent hike by 2018, and 68 percent by 2033.[55] Industrial rates are projected to rise by 33 % by 2018, and 55 % in 2033.[55]
An abundance of natural resources, excellent transportation links to the American heartland and the inland Great Lakes making ocean access possible via container ships, have all contributed to making manufacturing the principal industry of the province, found mainly in the Golden Horseshoe region, which is the largest industrialized area in Canada, the southern end of the region being part of the North American Rust Belt. Important products include motor vehicles, iron, steel, food, electrical appliances, machinery, chemicals, and paper.
Ontario surpassed Michigan in car production, assembling 2.696 million vehicles in 2004. Ontario has Chrysler plants in Windsor and Bramalea, two GM plants in Oshawa and one in Ingersoll, a Honda assembly plant in Alliston, Ford plants in Oakville and St. Thomas and Toyota assembly plants in Cambridge and Woodstock. However, as a result of steeply declining sales, in 2005, General Motors announced massive layoffs at production facilities across North America including two large GM plants in Oshawa and a drive train facility in St. Catharines resulting in 8,000 job losses in Ontario alone. In 2006, Ford Motor Company announced between 25,000 and 30,000 layoffs phased until 2012; Ontario was spared the worst, but job losses were announced for the St Thomas facility and the Windsor Casting plant. However, these losses will be offset by Ford's recent announcement of a hybrid vehicle facility slated to begin production in 2007 at its Oakville plant and GM's re-introduction of the Camaro which will be produced in Oshawa. On December 4, 2008 Toyota announced the grand opening of the RAV4 plant in Woodstock,[57] and Honda also has plans to add an engine plant at its facility in Alliston. Despite these new plants coming online, Ontario has not yet fully recovered following massive layoffs caused by the global recession; its unemployment rate was 7.3 % in May 2013,[58] compared to 8.7 percent in January 2010[59] and approximately 6 % in 2007. In September 2013, the Ontario government committed CAD$70.9 million to the Ford plant in Oakville, while the federal government committed CAD$71.1mn, to secure 2,800 jobs.[60] The province has lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs in the decade from 2003, and the Bank of Canada noted that "while the energy and mining industries have benefitted from these movements, the pressure on the manufacturing sector has intensified, since many firms in this sector were already dealing with growing competition from low-cost economies such as China."[61][62]
Ontario's steel industry was once centred on Hamilton. Hamilton harbour, which can be seen as one drives the QEW Skyway bridge, is an industrial wasteland; US Steel-owned Stelco announced in the autumn of 2013 that it would close in 2014, with the loss of 875 jobs. The move flummoxed a union representative, who seemed puzzled why a plant with capacity of 2 million tons per annum would be shut while Canada imported 8 million tons of steel the year before.[63] Algoma Steel still maintains a plant in Sault Ste Marie.




View of Toronto's Financial District


Toronto, the capital of Ontario, is the centre of Canada's financial services and banking industry. Neighbouring cities are home to product distribution, IT centres, and various manufacturing industries. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region, which centres on the border cities of Ontario's Ottawa and Quebec's Gatineau.[64][65]




Parliament Hill in Ottawa, home of the federal government. Canada's Federal Government is the largest single employer in the National Capital Region


The information technology sector is important, particularly in the Silicon Valley North section of Ottawa, as well as the Waterloo Region, where the world headquarters of Research in Motion (the developers of the BlackBerry smartphone) is located. BlackBerry once provided more than 19 percent of the local jobs and employed more than 13 % of the entire local population[citation needed] before it supplied 9,500 layoffs in 2013. OpenText and ATS Automation Tooling Systems of Cambridge make their homes in the area too. Mike Lazaridis, one of the founders of RIM, founded in 1999 the Perimeter Institute, then in 2002 the Institute for Quantum Computing, then in 2013 Quantum Valley Investments, to plow a portion of the benefits of RIM back into research and development.[66]
In 2014, the section of Highway 401 between Toronto and Waterloo became the world's second-largest innovation corridor after California's Silicon Valley, employing nearly 280,000 tech workers from around the world and containing over 60% of Canada's high tech industry.[67]
Hamilton is the largest steel manufacturing city in Canada followed closely by Sault Ste. Marie, and Sarnia is the centre for petrochemical production. Construction employed more than 6.5 % of the province's work force in June 2011.[68]
Mining and the forest products industry, notably pulp and paper, are vital to the economy of Northern Ontario. There has been controversy over the Ring of Fire mineral deposit, and whether the province can afford to spend CAD$2.25 billion on a road from the Trans-Canada Highway near Kenora to the deposit, currently valued at CAD$60 billions.[69]
Tourism contributes heavily to the economy of Central Ontario, peaking during the summer months owing to the abundance of fresh water recreation and wilderness found there in reasonable proximity to the major urban centres. At other times of the year, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling are popular. This region has some of the most vibrant fall colour displays anywhere on the continent, and tours directed at overseas visitors are organized to see them. Tourism also plays a key role in border cities with large casinos, among them Windsor, Cornwall, Sarnia and Niagara Falls, the latter of which attracts millions of US and other international visitors.[70]
Agriculture[edit]




Fruit from the Niagara region for distribution, ca. 1914






Eaton Farm in Eatonville provided poultry, vegetables, dairy and meat products for Eaton's department stores until the early 1950s.[71]






The Canadian Jewish Farm School in Georgetown, Ontario was established in 1927 and served as a training school for Polish war orphans brought to Canada after the First World War.[72]


Once the dominant industry, agriculture occupies a small percentage of the population. However, much of the land in southern Ontario is given over to agriculture. As the following table shows, while the number of individual farms has steadily decreased and their overall size has shrunk at a lower rate, greater mechanization has supported increased supply to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of a growing population base; this has also meant a gradual increase in the total amount of land used for growing crops.



Ontario Farming
1986
1991
1996
2001
2006


  Number of Farms    
72,713  
68,633  
67,520  
59,728  
57,211  


  Total
  Hectares    
  5,646,582  
  5,451,379  
  5,616,860  
  5,466,233  
  5,386,453  


  Acres    
  13,953,009  
  13,470,652  
  13,879,565  
  13,507,358  
  13,310,217  


  Planted  
  Crops  
  Hectares  
  3,457,966  
  3,411,667  
  3,544,927  
  3,656,705  
  3,660,941  


  Acres    
  8,544,821  
  8,430,438  
  8,759,707  
  9,035,916  
  9,046,383  





Source: Statistics Canada, Census of Agriculture.[73]

 


v
t
e








Common types of farms reported in the 2001 census include those for cattle, small grains and dairy. The fruit- and grape-growing industry is located primarily on the Niagara Peninsula and along Lake Erie, where tobacco farms are also situated. Market vegetables grow in the rich soils of the Holland Marsh near Newmarket. The area near Windsor is also very fertile. The Heinz plant in Leamington was taken over in these autumn of 2013 by Warren Buffett and a Brazilian partner, following which it put 740 people out of work.[74] Government subsidies followed shortly; Premier Kathleen Wynne offered CAD$200,000 to cushion the blow, and promised that another processed-food operator would soon be found.[75] On December 10, 2013, Kellogg's announced layoffs for more than 509 workers at a cereal manufacture plant in London.[76] Kellogg's plans to relocate jobs to Thailand.[76]
The area defined as the Corn Belt covers much of the southwestern area of the province, extending as far north as close to Goderich, but corn and soy are grown throughout the southern portion of the province. Apple orchards are a common sight along the southern shore of Nottawasaga Bay (part of Georgian Bay) near Collingwood and along the northern shore of Lake Ontario near Cobourg. Tobacco production, centred in Norfolk County, has decreased, allowing an increase in alternative crops such as hazelnuts and ginseng. The Ontario origins of Massey Ferguson, once one of the largest farm-implement manufacturers in the world, indicate the importance agriculture once[citation needed] had to the Canadian economy.
Southern Ontario's limited supply of agricultural land is going out of production at an increasing rate. Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year. Over 2,000 farms and 150,000 acres (61,000 ha) of farmland in the GTA alone were lost to production in the two decades between 1976 and 1996. This loss represented approximately 18 %". of Ontario's Class 1 farmland being converted to urban purposes. In addition, increasing rural severances provide ever-greater interference with agricultural production.
Energy[edit]
See also: Energy policy of Canada, Renewable energy in Canada, and Smart grid




The CANDU Bruce Nuclear Generating Station on Lake Huron is the largest nuclear power plant in the world.


The Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009 (GEA), takes a two-pronged approach to commercializing renewable energy:

bringing more renewable energy sources to the province
adopting more energy-efficiency measures to help conserve energy

The bill envisaged appointing a Renewable Energy Facilitator to provide "one-window" assistance and support to project developers to facilitate project approvals.[77]
The approvals process for transmission projects would also be streamlined and (for the first time in Ontario) the bill would enact standards for renewable energy projects. Homeowners would have access to incentives to develop small-scale renewables such as low- or no-interest loans to finance the capital cost of renewable energy generating facilities like solar panels.[77]
Ontario is home to Niagara Falls, which supplies a large amount of electricity to the province. The Bruce Nuclear Generating Station, the largest nuclear power plant in the world, is also in Ontario and uses 8 CANDU reactors to generate electricity for the province.
Government, law and politics[edit]
Further information: Monarchy in Ontario and Executive Council of Ontario




The Ontario Legislature at Queen's Park in Toronto.






The previous wordmark of the Government of Ontario, which was in use from the late-1960s until 2007 (apart from the lettering used here).


The British North America Act 1867 section 69 stipulated "There shall be a Legislature for Ontario consisting of the Lieutenant Governor and of One House, styled the Legislative Assembly of Ontario." The assembly has 107 seats representing ridings elected in a first-past-the-post system across the province.
The legislative buildings at Queen's Park are the seat of government. Following the Westminster system, the leader of the party holding the most seats in the assembly is known as the "Premier and President of the Council" (Executive Council Act R.S.O. 1990). The Premier chooses the cabinet or Executive Council whose members are deemed ministers of the Crown.
Although the Legislative Assembly Act (R.S.O. 1990) refers to members of the assembly", the legislators are now commonly called MPPs (Members of the Provincial Parliament) in English and députés de l'Assemblée législative in French, but they have also been called MLAs (Members of the Legislative Assembly), and both are acceptable. The title of Prime Minister of Ontario, correct in French (le Premier ministre), is permissible in English but now generally avoided in favour of the title "Premier" to avoid confusion with the Prime Minister of Canada.
Law[edit]
Ontario has grown, from its roots in Upper Canada, into a modern jurisdiction. The old titles of the chief law officers, the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General, remain in use. They both are responsible to the Legislature. The Attorney-General drafts the laws and is responsible for criminal prosecutions and the administration of justice, while the Solicitor-General is responsible for law enforcement and the police services of the province.
Politics[edit]
Main article: Politics of Ontario
Ontario has numerous political parties which run for election. The three main parties are the centre-left Ontario Liberal Party, the centre-right Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario, and the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP). Each of the three parties has received a majority mandate during a provincial election since 1990.
Ontario is led by the majority government of Premier Kathleen Wynne, a Liberal. Since gaining power under former Premier Dalton McGuinty in 2003, the Ontario Liberals have been re-elected three times: in the 2007, the 2011, and 2014 general elections.
In the 2011 federal election in Ontario the Conservatives were elected in 73 ridings, the NDP in 22, and the Liberals in 11. The Green Party did not win a seat in Ontario, but Bruce Hyer (MP for Thunder Bay—Superior North) crossed the floor from the NDP and sat as a Green Party member from 2013 until the dissolution of Parliament for the 2015 federal election.
Urban areas[edit]
See also: Golden Horseshoe, National Capital Region (Canada), and Detroit–Windsor
Statistics Canada's measure of a "metro area", the Census Metropolitan Area (CMA), roughly bundles together population figures from the core municipality with those from "commuter" municipalities.[78]


CMA (largest other included municipalities in brackets)
2001
2006
2011
% Change


Toronto CMA (Mississauga, Brampton)
4,682,897 
5,113,149 
5,583,064 
9.2%


Ottawa CMA (Gatineau, Clarence-Rockland)
1,067,800 
1,130,761 
1,236,324 
9.3%


Hamilton CMA (Burlington, Grimsby)
662,401 
692,911 
721,053 
4.1%


Kitchener CMA (Cambridge, Waterloo)
414,284 
451,235 
477,160 
5.7%


London CMA (St. Thomas, Strathroy-Caradoc)
435,600 
457,720 
474,786 
3.7%


St. Catharines CMA (Niagara Falls, Welland)
377,009 
390,317 
392,184 
0.5%


Oshawa CMA (Whitby, Clarington)
296,298 
330,594 
356,177 
7.7%


Windsor CMA (Lakeshore, LaSalle)
307,877 
323,342 
319,246 
−1.3%


Barrie CMA (Innisfil, Springwater)
148,480 
177,061 
187,013 
5.6%


Sudbury CMA (Whitefish Lake, Wanapitei Reserve)
155,601 
158,258 
160,770 
1.6%


Kingston CMA
146,838 
152,358 
159,561 
4.7%


*Parts of Quebec (including Gatineau) are included in the Ottawa CMA. The population of the Ottawa CMA, in both provinces, is shown.

Ten largest municipalities by population[79]



Municipality
1996
2001
2006
2011


Toronto (Provincial capital)
7006238542100000000♠2,385,421
7006248149400000000♠2,481,494
7006250328100000000♠2,503,281
7006261506000000000♠2,615,060


Ottawa (National capital)
7005721136000000000♠721,136
7005774072000000000♠774,072
7005812129000000000♠812,129
7005883391000000000♠883,391


Mississauga
7005544382000000000♠544,382
7005612925000000000♠612,925
7005668549000000000♠668,549
7005713443000000000♠713,443


Brampton
7005268251000000000♠268,251
7005325428000000000♠325,428
7005433806000000000♠433,806
7005523911000000000♠523,911


Hamilton
7005467799000000000♠467,799
7005490268000000000♠490,268
7005504559000000000♠504,559
7005519949000000000♠519,949


London
7005325669000000000♠325,669
7005336539000000000♠336,539
7005352395000000000♠352,395
7005366151000000000♠366,151


Markham
7005173383000000000♠173,383
7005208615000000000♠208,615
7005261573000000000♠261,573
7005301709000000000♠301,709


Vaughan
7005132549000000000♠132,549
7005182022000000000♠182,022
7005238866000000000♠238,866
7005288301000000000♠288,301


Kitchener
7005178420000000000♠178,420
7005190399000000000♠190,399
7005204668000000000♠204,668
7005219153000000000♠219,153


Windsor
7005197694000000000♠197,694
7005209218000000000♠209,218
7005216473000000000♠216,473
7005210891000000000♠210,891


Education[edit]
Main article: Education in Ontario
In Canada, education falls under provincial jurisdiction. Publicly funded elementary and secondary schools are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Education, while colleges and universities are administered by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. The current Minister of Education is Mitzie Hunter, and the current minister of Training, Colleges and Universities is Reza Moridi.
Higher education[edit]
Main article: Higher education in Ontario
See also: List of colleges in Ontario and List of universities in Ontario
Higher education in Ontario includes postsecondary education and skills training regulated by the Ministry of Training, Colleges, and Universities and provided by universities, colleges of applied arts and technology, and private career colleges.[80] The current minister is Reza Moridi. The ministry administers laws covering 22 public universities,[81] 24 public colleges (21 Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAATs) and three Institutes of Technology and Advanced Learning (ITALs)),[82] 17 privately funded religious universities,[83] and over 500 private career colleges.[84] The Canadian constitution provides each province with the responsibility for higher education and there is no corresponding national federal ministry of higher education.[85] Within Canadian federalism the division of responsibilities and taxing powers between the Ontario and Canadian governments creates the need for co-operation to fund and deliver higher education to students. Each higher education system aims to improve participation, access, and mobility for students. There are two central organizations that assist with the process of applying to Ontario universities and colleges: the Ontario Universities' Application Centre and Ontario College Application Service. While application services are centralized, admission and selection processes vary and are the purview of each institution independently. Admission to many Ontario postsecondary institutions can be highly competitive. Upon admission, students may get involved with regional student representation with the Canadian Federation of Students, the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations, the Ontario Undergraduate Student Alliance, or through the College Student Alliance in Ontario.
Culture[edit]
Songs and slogans[edit]
In 1973 the first slogan to appear on licence plates in Ontario was "Keep It Beautiful". This was replaced by "Yours to Discover" in 1982,[86] apparently inspired by a tourism slogan, "Discover Ontario", dating back to 1927.[87] Plates with the French equivalent, "Tant à découvrir", were made available to the public beginning in May 2008.[88] (From 1988 to 1990,[89] "Ontario Incredible"[90] gave "Yours to Discover" a brief respite.)
In 2007, a new song replaced "A Place to Stand" after four decades. "There's No Place Like This" is featured in current television advertising, performed by Ontario artists including Molly Johnson, Brian Byrne, Keshia Chanté,[91] as well as Tomi Swick and Arkells.
Notable residents[edit]
Main article: List of people from Ontario
Professional sports[edit]
The province has professional sports teams in baseball, basketball, Canadian football, ice hockey, lacrosse, rugby and soccer.


Club
Sport
League
City
Stadium


Belleville Senators
Ice hockey
AHL
Belleville
Yardmen Arena


Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Football
CFL
Hamilton
Tim Hortons Field


KW Titans
Basketball
NBLC
Kitchener
Kitchener Memorial Auditorium


London Lightning
Basketball
NBLC
London
Budweiser Gardens


Niagara River Lions
Basketball
NBLC
St. Catharines
Meridian Centre


Orangeville A's
Basketball
NBLC
Orangeville
Orangeville Athletic Institute


Ottawa Champions
Baseball
Can-Am
Ottawa
Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton Park


Ottawa Fury
Soccer
USL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Redblacks
Football
CFL
Ottawa
TD Place Stadium


Ottawa Senators
Ice hockey
NHL
Ottawa
Canadian Tire Centre


Raptors 905
Basketball
NBA G League
Mississauga
Hershey Centre


Toronto Argonauts
Football
CFL
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto Blue Jays
Baseball
MLB
Toronto
Rogers Centre


Toronto FC
Soccer
MLS
Toronto
BMO Field


Toronto FC II
Soccer
USL
Vaughan
Ontario Soccer Centre


Toronto Furies
Ice hockey
CWHL
Toronto
MasterCard Centre


Toronto Marlies
Ice hockey
AHL
Toronto
Ricoh Coliseum


Toronto Maple Leafs
Ice hockey
NHL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Raptors
Basketball
NBA
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Rock
Lacrosse
NLL
Toronto
Air Canada Centre


Toronto Wolfpack
Rugby
L1
Toronto
Lamport Stadium


Windsor Express
Basketball
NBLC
Windsor
WFCU Centre


Transportation[edit]
Transportation routes in Ontario evolved from early waterway travel and First Nations paths followed by European explorers. Ontario has two major east-west routes, both starting from Montreal in the neighbouring province of Quebec. The northerly route, which was a major fur trade route, travels west from Montreal along the Ottawa River, then continues northwestward towards Manitoba. Major cities on or near the route include Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, and Thunder Bay. The southerly route, which was driven by growth in settlements originated by the United Empire Loyalists and later other European immigrants, travels southwest from Montreal along the St. Lawrence River, Lake Ontario, and Lake Erie before entering the United States in Michigan. Major cities on or near the route include Kingston, Belleville, Peterborough, Oshawa, Toronto, Mississauga, Kitchener-Waterloo, Hamilton, London, Sarnia, and Windsor. This route was also heavily used by immigrants to the Midwestern US particularly in the late 19th century.
Roads[edit]
Main article: Roads in Ontario
400-Series Highways make up the primary vehicular network in the south of province, and they connect to numerous border crossings with the US, the busiest being the Detroit–Windsor Tunnel and Ambassador Bridge and the Blue Water Bridge (via Highway 402). Some of the primary highways along the southern route are Highway 401, Highway 417, and Highway 400,[92][93] while other provincial highways and regional roads inter-connect the remainder of the province.
Waterways[edit]
The Saint Lawrence Seaway, which extends across most of the southern portion of the province and connects to the Atlantic Ocean, is the primary water transportation route for cargo, particularly iron ore and grain. In the past, the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River were also a major passenger transportation route, but over the past half century passenger travel has been reduced to ferry services and sightseeing cruises.
Railways[edit]
Via Rail operates the inter-regional passenger train service on the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor, along with The Canadian, a transcontinental rail service from Southern Ontario to Vancouver, and the Sudbury–White River train. Additionally, Amtrak rail connects Ontario with key New York cities including Buffalo, Albany, and New York City. Ontario Northland provides rail service to destinations as far north as Moosonee near James Bay, connecting them with the south.
Freight rail is dominated by the founding cross-country Canadian National Railway and CP Rail companies, which during the 1990s sold many short rail lines from their vast network to private companies operating mostly in the south.
Regional commuter rail is limited to the provincially owned GO Transit, and serves a train-bus network spanning the Golden Horseshoe region.
The Toronto Transit Commission operates the province's only subway and streetcar system, one of the busiest in North America. OC Transpo operates, in addition to bus service, Ontario's only light rail transit line, the O-Train in Ottawa.
A light-rail metro called the Confederation Line is under construction in Ottawa. It will have 13 stations on 12.5 km (7.8 mi) and part of it will run under the city's Downtown and feature three underground stations. In addition, the Ion light rail and bus rapid transit system is under construction in the province's Waterloo region.





Ontario Northland freight train crossing the Missinaibi River at Mattice-Val Côté in Northern Ontario


Air travel[edit]
Important airports in the province include Toronto Pearson International Airport, which is the busiest airport in Canada,[94] handling over 41 million passengers in 2015.[95] Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport is Ontario's second largest airport. Toronto/Pearson and Ottawa/Macdonald-Cartier form two of the three points in Canada's busiest set of air routes (the third point being Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport).
Most Ontario cities have regional airports, many of which have scheduled commuter flights from Air Canada Jazz or smaller airlines and charter companies — flights from the mid-size cities such as Thunder Bay, Sault Ste. Marie, Sudbury, North Bay, Timmins, Windsor, London, and Kingston feed directly into larger airports in Toronto and Ottawa. Bearskin Airlines also runs flights along the northerly east-west route, connecting Ottawa, North Bay, Sudbury, Sault Ste. Marie, Kitchener and Thunder Bay directly.
Isolated towns and settlements in the northern areas of the province rely partly or entirely on air service for travel, goods, and even ambulance services (MEDIVAC), since much of the far northern area of the province cannot be reached by road or rail.







400-Series Highways are the backbone of Ontario's road network.









A GO Transit commuter train.









Air Canada is the largest airline operating in Ontario.









A light rail O-Train crossing the Rideau River on the Trillium Line.




See also[edit]


Ontario portal
Eastern Ontario portal
Ottawa portal
Toronto portal



Outline of Ontario
Index of Ontario-related articles


Notes[edit]


^ a b "Land and freshwater area, by province and territory.". Statistics Canada. February 1, 2005. Retrieved August 5, 2012. 
^ a b "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, 2016 and 2011 censuses". Statistics Canada. February 6, 2017. Retrieved February 8, 2017. 
^ "Population by year of Canada of Canada and territories". Statistics Canada. September 26, 2014. Retrieved March 20, 2016. 
^ "Definition of Ontarian". Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, HarperCollins Publishers. 2013. Retrieved October 3, 2013. 
^ a b "About Ontario". Queen's Printer for Ontario. February 28, 2016. 
^ "Gross domestic product, expenditure-based, by province and territory (2015)". Statistics Canada. November 9, 2016. Retrieved January 26, 2017. 
^ "Ontario". Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 11th ed. New York: Merriam-Webster, Inc. 2003. ISBN 0-87779-809-5. 
^ Ontario is located in the geographic eastern half of Canada, but it has historically and politically been considered to be part of Central Canada (along with Manitoba).
^ "Ontario is the largest province in the country by population". Statistics Canada. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Finance, Government of Ontario, Ministry of. "Ontario Fact Sheet May 2016". Fin.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Population of census metropolitan areas (2001 Census boundaries)". Statistics Canada. Archived from the original on July 24, 2005. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ Canada/United States International Boundary Commission (2006). "St. Lawrence River and Great Lakes" (pdf). Presentation at 2006 IBRU Conference, p. 21. Durham University. Retrieved May 6, 2014. 
^ Mithun, Marianne (2000). The Languages of Native North America. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. p. 312. 
^ "About Canada // Ontario". Study Canada. pp. Last Paragraph–second–last sentence. Retrieved April 23, 2011. The name "Ontario" is generally thought to be derived from the Iroquois word Skanadario, meaning "beautiful water" 
^ "Lakes and Rivers". Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. Retrieved March 23, 2014. 
^ a b c d "The Canada Country Study: Climate Impacts and Adaptation: Ontario Region Executive Summary". Environment Canada. Archived from the original on March 23, 2013. Retrieved January 29, 2013. 
^ a b c d e Baldwin, David; Desloges, Joseph; Band, Lawrence. "Physical Geography of Ontario" (PDF). UBC Press. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ a b "Natural Processes in the Great Lakes". US Environmental Protection Agency. Retrieved March 25, 2013. 
^ "Snowstorm shuts down London, Ont". CBC News. December 8, 2010. 
^ "Windsor A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Niagara Falls NPCSH". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "1981 to 2010 Canadian Climate Normals". Environment Canada. February 13, 2014. Climate ID: 6158350. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ "Midland Water Pollution Control Plant". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Ottawa Macdonald Cartier Int'l A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 8, 2014. 
^ "Sudbury A, Ontario". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 12, 2014. 
^ "Emo Radbourne". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved May 9, 2016. 
^ "Thunder Bay A" (CSV). Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ "Kenora Airport". Canadian Climate Normal's 1981–2010. Environment Canada. 2011. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ "Moosonee UA". Canadian Climate Normals 1981–2010. Environment Canada. Retrieved April 9, 2014. 
^ Mills, David (1877). Report on the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario. Toronto: Hunter, Rose & Co. p. 347. Retrieved September 14, 2009. 
^ "Early Districts and Counties 1788–1899". Archives of Ontario. September 5, 2006. Archived from the original on January 30, 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "About Ontario; History: Government of Ontario". Archived from the original on September 3, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Digital History". Web.archive.org. June 26, 2004. Archived from the original on June 26, 2004. Retrieved June 7, 2016. CS1 maint: Unfit url (link)
^ "Étienne Brûlé's article on Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ a b "About Ontario; History; French and British Struggle for Domination". Government of Ontario. Archived from the original on September 5, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 3, 2009. Retrieved September 26, 2009. 
^ "The Quebec Act of 1774". Solon.org. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "The Encyclopædia britannica; a dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information". Archive.org. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "The Constitutional Act of 1791". Archived from the original on August 29, 2007. Retrieved January 15, 2007. 
^ "ARCHIVED - People - Virtual Vault - Library and Archives Canada". Collectionscanada.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Canada's total population estimates, 2013" (PDF). Statistics Canada. September 26, 2013. Retrieved September 29, 2013. 
^ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_Canadians
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 3, 2013. Retrieved December 26, 2013. 
^ "National Household Survey (NHS) Profile, 2011". Statistics Canada. May 8, 2013. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ "The Legal Context of Canada's Official Languages". Site for Language Management in Canada, University of Ottawa. Retrieved February 4, 2016. 
^ a b "The evolution of English–French bilingualism in Canada from 1961 to 2011". www.statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved September 19, 2015. 
^ Canada, Government of Canada, Statistics. "2011 Census of Canada: Topic-based tabulations". 12.ststcan.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Government of Ontario. "Ontario Facts: Overview". Archived from the original on January 29, 2007. Retrieved January 5, 2007. 
^ "Moody's downgrades Ontario credit rating". April 26, 2012. 
^ "S&P downgrades Ontario's credit outlook". Toronto Star. April 25, 2012. 
^ "Credit agency praises Ontario but holds back on rating boost". metronews.ca. January 14, 2013. 
^ "Canadian Federal and Provincial Fiscal Tables" (PDF). Economic Forecasts & Special Reports. Royal Bank of Canada. December 16, 2016. Retrieved December 20, 2016. 
^ "Ontario is rich in hydroelectricity, especially areas near the Niagara River". Ontario Facts. Archived from the original on February 18, 2007. Retrieved February 2, 2007. 
^ "Ontario Power Generation: Power Generation". Opg.com. Archived from the original on February 26, 2011. Retrieved February 23, 2011. 
^ a b c "Ontario projects steady rise in electricity costs for next 20 years". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Accueil - Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017" (PDF). Consultations prébudgétaires 2016-2017 - Ministère des Finances du Québec. 
^ "Toyota's opening a new chapter in Woodstock's industrial history". Woodstocksentinelreview.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 7, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 6, 2011. Retrieved July 18, 2011. 
^ "Feds, Ontario invest $142M in Oakville Ford plant". Torontosun.com. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ David Crane (February 20, 2012). "Ontario has to learn to live with high dollar". thestar.com. 
^ "Fergus plant closing shows Ontario's decline". Toronto Star. November 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Steel ends an era in Hamilton". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Federal government employment, wages and salaries, by census metropolitan area – (Employment)", 2006–2010, Statistics Canada
^ "Labour force characteristics, unadjusted, by census metropolitan area (3 month moving average) – (Ottawa-Gatineau (Ont.-Que.), Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Ontario part, Ottawa (Ont.)-Gatineau (Que.), Quebec part)", 2010/2011, Statistics Canada
^ Joseph Brean (December 7, 2013). "The quantum computing revolution: BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn't been invented … yet". National Post. 
^ "Why Ontario is the Silicon Valley of the North". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Employment by major industry groups, seasonally adjusted, by province (monthly) – (Ontario)", June 2011, Statistics Canada
^ "Cliffs' pullout forces Ontario action in Ring of Fire mining area". The Globe and Mail. 
^ "Ontario". Ministry of Economic Development and Trade. Archived from the original on October 24, 2006. Retrieved November 29, 2006. 
^ "History of Eatonville". Maple Tree. 
^ "Ida Siegel with Edmund Scheuer at the Canadian Jewish Farm School, Georgetown". Ontario Jewish Archives. 
^ "Total farm area, land tenure and land in crops, by province: Ontario". Census of Agriculture, 1986 to 2006. Statistics Canada. October 31, 2008. Retrieved July 30, 2011. 
^ "Heinz closes Leamington plant, 740 people out of work". cbc.ca. November 15, 2013. 
^ "Wynne offers $200K to help Leamington in wake of Heinz closure". Toronto. 
^ a b "Kellogg's Ontario plant closing a casualty of changing tastes". The Globe and Mail. 
^ a b "Ontario Unveils Green Energy and Green Economy Act, 2009". Renewableenergyworld.com. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, census metropolitan areas and census agglomerations, 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada. November 5, 2008. Retrieved April 1, 2009. 
^ "Population and dwelling counts, for Canada, provinces and territories, and census subdivisions (municipalities), 2006 and 2001 censuses – 100% data". Statistics Canada, 2006 Census of Population. March 13, 2007. Retrieved March 13, 2007. 
^ Ontario, Government of. "Role of the Ministry". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Find a School". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Universities". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Private Career Colleges (PCCs)". Tcu.gov.on.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ Branch, Legislative Services. "Consolidated federal laws of canada, Access to Information Act". Laws.justice.gc.ca. Retrieved June 7, 2016. 
^ "Ontario". 15q.net. February 24, 2007. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "| Library | University of Waterloo". Lib.uwaterloo.ca. Retrieved May 6, 2009. 
^ "New French Slogan Licence Plate for Passenger Vehicles". Government of Ontario. June 10, 2010. Retrieved July 29, 2010. 
^ "Official Ontario Road Maps Produced 1971–2006". Ontarioroadmaps.ca. Archived from the original on August 8, 2007. Retrieved October 17, 2010. 
^ "Measuring the Returns to Tourism Advertising". Jtr.sagepub.com. August 1, 1998. Retrieved September 16, 2011. 
^ "There's more to discover in Ontario". Ontariotravel.net. Archived from the original on June 10, 2008. Retrieved October 17, 2010. [better source needed]
^ Ministry of Transportation (Ontario) (August 6, 2002). "Ontario government investing $401 million to upgrade Highway 401". Archived from the original on September 14, 2007. Retrieved December 20, 2006. 
^ Brian Gray (April 10, 2004). "GTA Economy Dinged by Every Crash on the 401 – North America's Busiest Freeway". Toronto Sun, transcribed at Urban Planet. Retrieved March 18, 2007. The "phenomenal" number of vehicles on Hwy. 401 as it cuts through Toronto makes it the busiest freeway in the world... 
^ "Total aircraft movements by class of operation — NAV CANADA towers". Statcan.gc.ca. Retrieved February 24, 2015. 
^ "Toronto Pearson (Enplaned + Deplaned) Passengers" (PDF). GTAA. February 8, 2016. Retrieved March 5, 2016. 


References[edit]

Michael Sletcher, "Ottawa", in James Ciment, ed., Colonial America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History, (5 vols., M. E. Sharpe, New York, 2006).
Virtual Vault, an online exhibition of Canadian historical art at Library and Archives Canada

Further reading[edit]
Main article: Bibliography of Ontario


Beckett, Harry (2001). Ontario. Weigl. ISBN 978-1-894705-04-2. 
White, Randall (1985). Ontario, 1610–1985 : a political and economic history. Dundurn Press. ISBN 0-919670-98-9. 
Montigny, Edgar-André; Chambers, Anne Lorene (2000). Ontario since Confederation : a reader. University of Toronto Press. ISBN 0-8020-4444-1. 
Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History: Proceedings of the Celebrating One Thousand Years of Ontario's History Symposium, April 14, 15 and 16, 2000. Ontario Historical Society, 2000. 343 pp.
Baskerville, Peter A. Sites of Power: A Concise History of Ontario. Oxford U. Press., 2005. 296 pp. (first edition was Ontario: Image, Identity and Power, 2002). online review
Chambers, Lori, and Edgar-Andre Montigny, eds. Ontario Since Confederation: A Reader (2000), articles by scholars
Winfield, Mark S. Blue-Green Province: The Environment and the Political Economy of Ontario (University of British Columbia Press; 2012) 296 pages; environmental policies since 1945


External links[edit]

Find more aboutOntarioat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage



Government of Ontario
Tourism Ontario
Ontario at DMOZ
Ontario Visual Heritage Project – Non-profit documentary project about Ontario's history

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›







 Manitoba
Hudson Bay
 Nunavut
 Quebec



 Manitoba

 Quebec








   Ontario  











 Minnesota
 Michigan  Ohio
 Pennsylvania  New York






Links to related articles











v
t
e


Province of Ontario 



Government



Premier of Ontario
Departments and agencies
Ontario Legislative Building
more...








Geography



Subdivisions
Regions
Islands
Lakes
Mountains
Rivers
more...





Culture



Festivals
Notable people
Museums
Music
Religion
Theatres
Franco-Ontarian culture
Tourist attractions





Economy



Ontario based companies
Mining
Toronto Stock Exchange
Rent control in Ontario





Transportation



Airlines
Airports
Public transport
Railways
Roads and highways





History



Pays d'en Haut, Canada
Pays d'en Haut, Quebec
Upper Canada
Canada West


Timeline
Bibliography
Natural history
Political history








General Outline
Category
Portal
WikiProject












v
t
e


 Subdivisions of Ontario



Regions



Southern Ontario

Central Ontario
Eastern Ontario
Golden Horseshoe
Southwestern Ontario


Northern Ontario

Northeastern Ontario
Northwestern Ontario







Counties



Bruce
Dufferin
Elgin
Essex
Frontenac
Grey
Haliburton
Hastings
Huron
Lambton
Lanark
Leeds and Grenville
Lennox and Addington
Middlesex
Northumberland
Perth
Peterborough
Prescott and Russell
Renfrew
Simcoe
Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry
Wellington





Districts



Algoma
Cochrane
Kenora
Manitoulin
Nipissing
Parry Sound
Rainy River
Sudbury
Thunder Bay
Timiskaming





Regional municipalities



Durham
Halton
Muskoka
Niagara
Oxford
Peel
Waterloo
York





Single-tier municipalities



Brant
Brantford
Chatham-Kent
Greater Sudbury
Haldimand
Hamilton
Kawartha Lakes
Norfolk
Ottawa
Prince Edward
Toronto





Separated municipalities



Barrie
Belleville
Brockville
Cornwall
Gananoque
Guelph
Kingston
London
Orillia
Pembroke
Peterborough
Prescott
Quinte West
Smiths Falls
St. Marys
St. Thomas
Stratford
Windsor








Ontario communities
Ontario municipalities
Ontario electoral districts
Former counties of Ontario
Geography of Ontario


 Category:Ontario
 Portal:Ontario
 WikiProject: Ontario












v
t
e


Protected areas in Ontario



National parks



Bruce Peninsula
Fathom Five
Georgian Bay Islands
Lake Superior
Point Pelee
Pukaskwa
Thousand Islands










Provincial parks



Algonquin
Bon Echo
Finlayson Point
French River
Frontenac
Killarney
Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater
Lake Superior
Polar Bear
Quetico
Sandbanks
Sleeping Giant
more...





Conservation areas



Boyd
Claireville
Cold Creek
Guelph Lake
Heber Down
Kortright Centre
Lake Laurentian
Mer Bleue
Mount Nemo
Rattlesnake Point
Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls
more...





UNESCO Biosphere Reserves



Georgian Bay Littoral
Long Point
Niagara Escarpment (including Cheltenham Badlands)
Thousand Islands - Frontenac Arch
Wasaga Beach





National Historic Sites of Canada



Central Experimental Farm
Dundurn Castle
Laurier House
Massey Hall
Montgomery's Tavern
Osgoode Hall
Parliament
Rideau Canal
Rideau Hall
more...





Other areas



Ontario Greenbelt
Ottawa Greenbelt
Rouge Park












v
t
e


 Provinces and territories of Canada



Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon





Historical



Former colonies and territories in Canada
Territorial evolution of Canada after 1867
Proposed provinces and territories of Canada





Related



Area
Bibliography
Extreme points
Government spending
Gross domestic product
Language policies
Mountains
Museums
Name etymologies
Population
Regions
Symbols
Topics
Unemployment








 Book
 Category
 Portal
 WikiProject












v
t
e


 Canada



History




Year list
(Timeline)



Pre-colonization
New France (1534–1763)
British Canada (1763–1867)
Post-Confederation (1867–1914)
World Wars and Interwar Years (1914–1945)
Modern times: 1945–1960
1960–1981
1982–1992
since 1992





Topics



Constitutional
Crown & Aboriginals
Economic
Etymology
Former colonies & territories
Immigration
Military
Monarchical
National Historic Sites
Persons of significance
Territorial evolution
Women








Provinces
and territories




Provinces



Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan





Territories



Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon








Government



Law
Constitution
Monarch
Governor General
Parliament (Senate
House of Commons)
Prime Minister

list


Courts

Supreme Court


Military
Local government
Foreign relations
Law enforcement





Politics



Elections
LGBT rights
Multiculturalism





Geography




Regions
(west to east)



Pacific Northwest
Western Canada
Great Plains

Canadian Prairies


Northern Canada
Canadian Shield
Great Lakes
Central Canada
The Maritimes
Eastern Canada
Atlantic Canada





Topics



Animals
Cities
Earthquakes
Islands
Mountains
National Parks
Plants
Great Lakes
Regions
Rivers








Economy



Agriculture
Banking
Bank of Canada
Dollar
Communications
Companies
Energy
Fishing
Oil
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Transportation
Science and technology
Social programs
Poverty





Society



Education
Healthcare
Crime
Values





Demographics




Topics



Canadians
Immigration
Languages
Religion
2001 Census
2006 Census
2011 Census
Population





Top 100s



Metro areas and agglomerations
Population centres
Municipalities








Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Festivals
Folklore
People
Holidays
Identity
Literature
Music
Nationalisms
Online media
Protectionism
Sport
Theatre





Symbols



Coat of arms
Flags
Provincial and territorial
Royal
Heraldic





Article overviews



Index
Outline
Topics





Research



Bibliography
Historiography








Book
Category
Portal











Coordinates: 50°N 085°W﻿ / ﻿50°N 85°W﻿ / 50; -85



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 144231507
ISNI: 0000 0001 2097 5137
GND: 4102089-3
SUDOC: 026632896
BNF: cb11884295c (data)
NDL: 00260950










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario&oldid=791111001"					
Categories: Ontario1867 establishments in CanadaProvinces and territories of CanadaStates and territories established in 1867Eastern CanadaHidden categories: CS1 maint: Unfit urlAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2014Use Canadian English from July 2015All Wikipedia articles written in Canadian EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from July 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017Articles containing potentially dated statements from April 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015Articles with DMOZ linksCoordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةܐܪܡܝܐAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalegoગુજરાતી客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронÍslenskaItalianoעבריתKalaallisutKapampanganქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLadinoLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLingálaMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄Монголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsNēhiyawēwin / ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ日本語NordfriiskNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPicardPiemontèisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийСаха тылаSarduScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVolapükVõro文言Winarayייִדיש粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
