  Home - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                                            2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more    Your success story If you like to work collaboratively along side the best minds in the business, Teachers' is the organization for you. Learn more    Investing for tomorrow Our investment professionals use skill, innovation and a long-term focus to earn superior risk-adjusted returns from our global portfolio. How we invest    When do you need us? From the first day of your career to your retirement years, we're here to help you understand your pension. Learn more    Keeping your pension in tune Explore how inflation protection keeps your plan from missing a beat. Learn more         2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more                      Corporate   Learn More About Ontario Teachers'  We are an independent organization that pays defined benefit pensions and invests plan assets on behalf of 318,000 active and retired members.  Read more... Inflation Protection to be Fully Restored in 2018 Some of the $11.5 billion surplus will be used to restore full inflation protection for post-2009 pension credit and decrease contribution rates. Read more... Join our Team Whether you're an expert in investments, IT, finance or member services, there's a place for you to work with the best at Teachers'. Find or apply for a position...                  Investments   Recent Transactions  View news releases and summaries of the latest additions and dispositions in our investment portfolio.  READ MORE... Partners in Opportunity  Our teams are always searching for new investment opportunities, offering flexible capital and other advantages to potential business partners.  READ MORE... Responsible Investing  We work to identify and evaluate material risks and opportunities to make better decisions and to be engaged asset owners.  READ MORE...                  Members   Committed to Prompt, Reliable Pension Information Ontario Teachers' prides itself on offering personalized, immediate service to members at all stages of their lives. Learn more... Get Pension Estimates  Your Ontario Teachers' online account allows you to see how much your pension is worth. It gives you instant access to your personal pension records, any time, anywhere.  Discover more... Stay Informed Get frequent and unique content on pension issues relevant to you. Read more...                                   Corporate         Corporate Overview   About Ontario Teachers'   Plan Governance   Board Members   Executive Team   Annual Reporting   Plan Funding   Careers   Corporate We’re honoured to be recognized as one of the world’s leading pension plans. Learn More    Investments         Overview   Performance   Responsible Investing   Asset Groups   Investment Teams   Partners in Opportunity   Investments Working with partners who share our investment and business goals is the best way to meet our members’ retirement needs Learn More    News   Members   Careers         Careers Overview   The Ontario Teachers' Difference   Working at Ontario Teachers'   Our Culture   What Our Employees Say   Experienced Professionals   Students   Career Opportunities                            Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font         Follow us on:           With $175.6 billion in assets as of December 31, 2016, the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is the largest single-profession pension plan in Canada.   An independent organization, it invests the pension fund's assets and administers the pensions of 318,000 active and retired teachers in Ontario.     Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                     Contact Us - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                          Contact Us                                        Jean Turmel      Jean Turmel became president of Perseus Capital Inc., a...   Read More About Jean Turmel »                        Member Hotline:  Phone: (416) 226-2700 Toll Free: 1 (800) 668-0105 Fax: (416) 730-7807 Fax Toll Free: 1 (800) 949-8208    Email: Inquiry@otpp.com  Office Hours: 8:00am to 5:30pm Monday to Friday  We never exchange confidential or personal information with you through email. Similarly, you should never send us sensitive information by email.                        Head Office Location:  Office / Visit: Reception: 3rd floor 5650 Yonge Street Toronto, Ontario M2M 4H5  Phone: (416) 228-5900 Toll Free: 1-877-812-7989 Fax: (416) 730-5349  Office Hours: 8:00am to 5:30pm Monday to Friday        Get directions       Head Office Directions and Building Facilities  The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is conveniently located in the Xerox Tower, on the northwest corner of Yonge Street and Finch Avenue.  Parking  Parking is available under the building. When parking underground, follow the signs to the Xerox Tower. If you are travelling north from the 401 and Yonge, turn left (west) onto Finch Avenue West and exit to the first driveway on the right. You may also enter the underground parking from Hendon Avenue, which is the first street north of Finch on the west side of Yonge Street. There is also limited parking on Yonge Street.  Wheelchair access  The office building is wheelchair accessible via the underground parking garage or the street-level doors on the east and west sides of the building.  Subway  Take the northbound train on the Yonge line. Get off at Finch station (farthest stop north on the Yonge line). Follow the signs to the Xerox Tower of the North American Life Centre.  Bus  There are a number of buses that service the Finch and Yonge subway terminal each day: There are several TTC bus routes to coming from all ends of the city. GO Transit also provides service from Newmarket and has two buses running from Richmond Hill. Markham Transit has five different buses that reach the Yonge and Finch Terminal.  Car  We're located on the northwest corner of Finch Avenue and Yonge Street. If you are coming from the 401, take the Yonge Street north exit and continue past Sheppard Avenue               Investments  With $175.6 billion in net assets - and a commitment to paying pensions for more than 70 years from now - Ontario Teachers' is continually searching for new investment opportunities.  Hong Kong    Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (Asia) Limited  28/F Alexandra House 18 Chater Road, Central Hong Kong  Phone: + 852.2230.4500 Fax: + 852.2230.4530 Email: inquiry_asia@otpp.com  Go to the Hong Kong page        Get directions    London    10 Portman Square London, W1H 6AZ  Phone: +44 20 7659 4450 Fax: +44 20 7659 4451 Email: contact_london@otpp.com  Go to the London page        Get directions    New York    375 Park Avenue, Suite 2601 New York, NY 10152  Phone: (212) 888-5799 Fax: (212) 838-2549        Get directions                    Corporate Communications and Media Relations    Deborah Allan, Managing Director  Communications and Media Relations  Phone: (416) 730-5347 Toll Free: 1 (877) 812-7989 x 5347 Fax: (416) 730-6338 E-mail: deborah_allan@otpp.com         Pallavi Armoogum  Corporate Communications  Phone: (416) 730-6450 E-mail: communications@otpp.com    Asia Media Inquiries  Please contact: asiamedia@otpp.com                      Employer Information Services (EIS)   If you are an employer and require information about reporting requirements and plan changes, please contact the Employer Information Services (EIS) department:  Phone: (416) 227-7525 Toll Free: 1 (866) 867-9147 Online: https://employers1.otpp.com              Head Office Directions and Building Facilities  The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is conveniently located in the Xerox Tower, on the northwest corner of Yonge Street and Finch Avenue.  Parking  Parking is available under the building. When parking underground, follow the signs to the Xerox Tower. If you are travelling north from the 401 and Yonge, turn left (west) onto Finch Avenue West and exit to the first driveway on the right. You may also enter the underground parking from Hendon Avenue, which is the first street north of Finch on the west side of Yonge Street. There is also limited parking on Yonge Street.  Wheelchair access  The office building is wheelchair accessible via the underground parking garage or the street-level doors on the east and west sides of the building.  Subway  Take the northbound train on the Yonge line. Get off at Finch station (farthest stop north on the Yonge line). Follow the signs to the Xerox Tower of the North American Life Centre.  Bus  There are a number of buses that service the Finch and Yonge subway terminal each day: There are several TTC bus routes to coming from all ends of the city. GO Transit also provides service from Newmarket and has two buses running from Richmond Hill. Markham Transit has five different buses that reach the Yonge and Finch Terminal.  Car  We're located on the northwest corner of Finch Avenue and Yonge Street. If you are coming from the 401, take the Yonge Street north exit and continue past Sheppard Avenue                      Latest Tweets Tweets by @OtppInfo   Follow us on Twitter                       Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                    







Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan































Skip Navigation





Welcome








Oops, something went wrong. Try refreshing your browser.
          





Ottawa's Tulip festival
            

Please wait
















  Careers - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                                         



1
2
3





Make a difference


Provide a secure retirement for Ontario's 318,000 working and retired teachers.

Learn More



Join the best & brightest


	Your search for a rewarding career ends with Teachers'.

Learn More



A global view


	Ontario Teachers' hires innovative, adaptable and collaborative professionals in our Toronto, London and Hong Kong offices.

Learn More




Make a difference


Provide a secure retirement for Ontario's 318,000 working and retired teachers.

Learn More

















Careers











 













Apply Now














  The Ontario Teachers' difference  We truly believe that our people drive our success. We provide learning and professional-development opportunities and reward performance, so the best and the brightest not only come here - they stay. Learn more       Working at Ontario Teachers'  Our diverse workforce of highly talented individuals make up our team of world-class professionals, who are recognized globally for their expertise and success.  Learn more         Our culture  Everyone at Ontario Teachers' has a clear role in our vision to be the world's leading pension plan organization, and shares in our culture of innovation, agility and partnership.  Learn more       What our employees say  Our employees tell us they are proud to work at Ontario Teachers' and would recommend Ontario Teachers' to others as a great place to work. Our Employee Survey score continues to increase, indicating that people are highly motivated, proud of and loyal to the organization.  Learn more     Career opportunities  Ontario Teachers' has an outstanding reputation for top performance. We have set the global standard for pension and investment management, and member service. We are looking for people who can help to ensure Ontario Teachers' maintains its position as a world-class pension plan.  Learn more  For students interested in a co-op or summer internship position, please visit our student section for more information about our student recruiting process.  About Ontario Teachers'    Mission, Vision & Values  As a pension plan, we are in the business of understanding the present and how it affects the future. The change that we face has never been faster or deeper. Our Mission, Vision and Values are our roadmap to help guide us in this ever-changing environment and to prepare us for tomorrow. Learn more    History of Innovation  Our employees are leaders in their field. They pioneered many of the investment practices and service standards that are now common in the pension world. Our record of innovation and performance is the result of our objective to help the plan meet its funding needs and support our members – the teachers of Ontario.  Learn more      Awards & Recognition  We are honoured to be recognized as one of the world's leading pension plans. From the best Member Services team to our award-winning Investment teams, here are some of our achievements.  Learn more    Annual Reporting  We provide an annual update on investments, funding and plan operations every April, for the previous year ended December 31. Get highlights of the plan's performance.  Learn more                          Careers Overview The Ontario Teachers' Difference Working at Ontario Teachers' Our Culture What Our Employees Say Experienced Professionals Students Career Opportunities             Follow Us                               Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                     Featured News - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                          Featured News                                       Ontario Teachers’ is fully funded for fourth consecutive year     March 29, 2017 — Net assets rose to $175.6 billion in 2016; Total-fund rate of return of 4.2%      Topic: Funding, Financial Results, Investments, Corporate Type: Teachers' News Releases                         Recent News          3i announces sale of Mémora generating proceeds of £117 million     July 17, 2017 — 3i Group plc, and funds managed by 3i, announce sale of Mémora, the leading Iberian funeral...      Topic: Investments Type: Teachers' News Releases      Strategic review concludes with sale of High Speed 1     July 14, 2017 — Borealis and Ontario Teachers' have entered into a definitive agreement to sell High Speed 1.      Topic: Investments Type: Teachers' News Releases      ICGN Announces Three New Board Appointments     July 12, 2017 — The International Corporate Governance Network (ICGN), a global investor-led network with members...      Topic: Investments Type: Teachers' News Releases                  More News                  Featured Videos                                          More Videos                                     Media Contact  Deborah Allan Managing Director, Communications and Media Relations Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (416) 730-5347 deborah_allan@otpp.com  Asia Media Inquiries  Please contact: asiamedia@otpp.com            Search News           Keywords        Topic   All AwardsCorporateFinancial ResultsFundingGovernanceInvestmentsPension IssuesPortfolio Companies       Type   All CommentariesMedia CoverageNews ItemsSpeechesSubmissionsTeachers' News ReleasesVideos        
















Latest Tweets
Tweets by @OtppInfo


Follow us on Twitter











 Untitled Document                                                  Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                     Investments - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                         Investments                                   





 


1
2





London


Managing investments across Europe, the Middle East and Africa

Learn More




Hong Kong


Expanding relationships and new investments in the Asia-Pacific region

Learn More





London


Managing investments across Europe, the Middle East and Africa

Learn More


























		DIVERSIFIED ASSETS AND SKILLED PROFESSIONALS

		Ontario Teachers' is a global investor and one of the world's leading pension plans. Recognized for our history of performance, we invest responsibly on behalf of our members. We strive to be agile and innovative while developing strategies and building partnerships for the long term.
















Capital Markets►


Investment Team►




Infrastructure & Natural Resources►


Investment Team►




Private Capital►


Investment Team►




Public Equities►


Investment Team►




Real Estate►


Investment Team►


















		PARTNERS IN OPPORTUNITY

		Every day, in markets around the world, Ontario Teachers' is focused on finding opportunities and establishing new relationships that add to our track record for mutually rewarding investment partnerships.



Contact us ►




	 













		RECENT TRANSACTIONS

		KION Group to become a global leader in intralogistics solutions by acquiring Dematic – June 21,2016 ► Learn more  Impulsora del Desarrollo y el Empleo en América Latina, S.A.B. de C.V., CPPIB and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan create strategic partnership to invest in infrastructure assets in Mexico – June 9, 2016 ► Learn More                             RESPONSIBLE INVESTING                     PROXY VOTES                     PARTNERS IN OPPORTUNITY (BROCHURE)                          MISSÃO BRASIL – PARTNERS IN OPPORTUNITY (BROCHURE)                          OUR INVESTMENT BELIEFS               Video: We're There (1:35)              Transcript                     Overview Performance Responsible Investing Asset Groups Investment Teams Partners in Opportunity                     Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                  






























 ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION |
 
 The Case Centre, for educators
 




























































 By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies as described in
 our privacy policy
 unless you have disabled them.You can change your cookie
 settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them.
 


 CLOSE
 





















Privacy & cookies    
Contact us | 
About us | 










home
 
educators
 
programme administrators
 
corporate customers
 
students


















login or register
 













Home



About us



Organisation



Our history



What we do





40th anniversary



Introduction



Timeline 1973-2013



Anniversary conference



Case method forum



Top 40 cases



Our bestselling authors



Interviews with deans





Membership



Find out more



How to become a member



List of members





People



Meet our team



Executive committee



Director's blog



Contact us



Job opportunities





Locations



UK office



US office





News & press info



News items



Press information



Brand guidelines



E-bulletin





Website



Feedback



Scheduled downtime







Case method



Discover



Make your classroom come alive



Use cases with undergrads



Watch video clips





Training



Current events



Open programme



Customised training



Sessions for students



Tutor profiles





Teaching cases



A brief guide



Video clips



Choosing cases



Case teaching workshops



Competition





Writing cases



A brief guide



Video clips



Submitting cases



Case writing workshops



Scholarships



Competitions





Resources



Books



Articles



Video clips



Features



Free cases



Featured cases



Connect newsletter



Case Writing & Teaching Exchange



5 minutes with...





Research



Existing projects





Competitions



Outstanding Case Writer



Outstanding New Case Writer



Outstanding Case Writer: Hot Topic



Outstanding Case Teacher



Outstanding Contribution to the Case Method



Writing competitions



Student competitions





The Case Centre Awards



About the awards



2017 winners



Previous winners





Conferences



Current events



PDWs







Submit cases



Submit your collection



Benefits & process





Submit your case



Why submit?



How to submit



Copyright



Withdrawal policy





Online case submission



An introduction





Scholarships



Info & application



Current recipients



Scholarship cases





Case writing guidance



Resources



Teaching notes



Case release



Video clips



Case Writing & Teaching Exchange



Bestselling authors





Translating a case



Request permission





Book permissions



Request permission







Ordering



What's available



An overview



Cases



Management articles



Book chapters



Instructor materials



Case method books



Multimedia



Videos



Video clips from Prendismo



Try something new





Selecting products



Searching online



Online inspection copies



Keeping up to date



Popular products



Featured cases



Rate & Review Forums



Product usage stats





Info about ordering



How to order - an overview



Electronic downloads



CoursePack Creator



Printed copies



Media items



Pricing



Payment options



Shipping options & costs





Copyright



Guidelines



Translating a case



Book permissions







My account



Login





CoursePack Creator



Introduction



Watch the demos



Login





Browse & buy








Search for:


All products
Book
Book chapter
Case
Instructor material
Management article
Multimedia
Software
Video






Search by:


All fields
Reference no.
Title
Author's name
Publisher
Author's institution
Abstract
Topic/industry
Location







 Keywords:
 










 Exact matches only
 









 I want instructor materials available
 















 I want a prizewinner
 













 Go to advanced search 
 





























Printer-friendly version 







Product details




Share this page:











































 Please find below the full details of the product you clicked a link to view.









 ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION 
 






 Teaching note 
 
-

 Reference no. 8A97N03 
 







Authors:

Stephen R Foerster; Dean Tzembelicos





Published by:

 Ivey Publishing 
 (1997)
 
 



Version:
2002-09-05



Length:
11 pages










Data source:
Field research




Related:







 ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION 
 






 Case 
 
-

 Reference no. 9A97N003 
 





















 No reviews
 




  |
 


Write a review





















 SHARE
 


























 View our pricing guide
 or 
login to see prices.
 
























Customers who viewed this product also viewed...
View up to ten items most often browsed with this product.




Ref no: 9A97N003
ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION



Ref no: 9-504-016
STARBUCKS: DELIVERING CUSTOMER SERVICE



Ref no: 9A97NC03
ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION



Ref no: 803-015-1
SHAHNAZ HUSAIN: A SUCCESSFUL INDIAN WOMAN ENTREPRENEUR



Ref no: 9A96B056
ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: VALUE AT RISK










Your recently viewed items
View up to the last ten items that you browsed. Fancy something different? Find out what's new >




Ref no: 8A97N03
ONTARIO TEACHERS' PENSION PLAN BOARD: THE ASSET ALLOCATION DECISION
















Site map






 About us


Become a member

Brand guidelines

News

Our 40th anniversary

What we do


 Ordering


CoursePack Creator

How do I order?

Keep up to date with email updates

Pricing

Shipping options

Terms of business

What's available from us?




 Case method


An introduction to the case method

Books & articles

Competitions

E-bulletin - The Case Centre Connect

Features

Free cases

The Case Centre Awards and Competitions

Training events

Video clips


 Product search


Getting started

Search for teaching materials

Try something new




 My account


New to The Case Centre? Register


 Submit to us


Case writing resources

Case writing scholarships

How to submit your case

Online case submission

Why submit your case to us?












 The Case Centre is dedicated to advancing the case method worldwide,
 sharing knowledge, wisdom and experience to inspire and transform business
 education across the globe.
 

 © Copyright The Case Centre, 2017
 

Contact |
 Privacy & cookies |
 Site compatibility








 The Case Centre is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee,
 registered in England No 1129396 and entered in the Register of Charities No 267516.
 VAT No GB 870 9608 93. It is also the trading name of The Case Centre USA,
 a non-profit making company. Tax ID No 04-31-43431.
 






  Board Members - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                          Board Members                                       Experience, expertise and professionalism  Board members have extensive experience in a wide range of disciplines required to oversee a complex pension plan. They are drawn from the fields of business management, finance, investment management, actuarial science, economics, education and accounting.                           Jean Turmel  Chair Appointed 2007 Affiliations: Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.       Jean Turmel became president of Perseus Capital Inc., a fund management firm, in 2005. He serves on the board of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.  Show More  Mr. Turmel enjoyed a 25-year career at the National Bank of Canada, where he retired as president of Financial Markets, Treasury and Investment Bank. His career spans more than 40 years of capital markets experience, with positions at Merrill Lynch, Royal Securities and Dominion Securities prior to joining National Bank as vice-president, Treasury and Foreign Exchange in 1981. He is a former Chair of the Montreal Derivatives Exchange.  Mr. Turmel holds a B.Comm. and an MA from Laval University and is a recipient of a Doctorate Honoris Causa. He is also a recipient of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee medal for his contribution to the Canadian investment industry.    Show Less                               Rod Albert  Chair, Benefits Adjudication Committee Member, Human Resources & Compensation and Audit & Actuarial Committees Appointed 2010    A lifelong educator, Rod Albert has served as president and general-secretary of the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation (OSSTF) and as president and member of the executive of the Ontario Teachers' Federation (OTF).  Show More  As president of the OTF, Mr. Albert led negotiations with the Ontario government to establish the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan as an independent organization in 1990. As an OTF executive member, he was extensively involved with the sponsors' efforts to balance the 2005 funding valuation.  Mr. Albert is a fellow of the OTF, a life member of the OSSTF and is a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors.  Show Less                               Bill Chinery  Chair, Human Resources & Compensation Committee Member, Audit & Actuarial Committee and Governance committees Appointed 2015    Bill Chinery was CEO of BlackRock Asset Management Canada until early 2013. During his 13 years with BlackRock and its predecessor Barclays Global Investors, Mr. Chinery was a Managing Director in both the Toronto and San Francisco offices with various responsibilities including heading the Latin America and the Americas Institutional Business.  Show More  Prior to BlackRock, Mr. Chinery spent six years as Senior Vice-President, Quantitative Products at YMG Capital Management Inc. He started his career at Mercer where he had account responsibility for some of the largest pension plans in Canada. Mr. Chinery also started the Mercer Investment Consulting practice.  Mr. Chinery holds a BMath from the University of Waterloo, is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries, a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries, and holds the Institute of Corporate Directors designation (ICD.D).  He is currently Chair of the Salvation Army Investment Committee and Chair of the Independent Review Committee for the Sun Life Investment Management Institutional Pooled Funds.    Show Less                     Patti Croft  Member, Audit & Actuarial and Governance Committees Appointed 2016    Patti Croft has extensive expertise in global macroeconomics and the financial sector. She began her career at Burns Fry before moving on to CIBC Wood Gundy. Ms. Croft has been the Chief Economist with RBC Global Asset Management; Phillips, Hager and North; Sceptre Investment Counsel and TD Canada Trust.  Show More  Ms. Croft is Vice Chair of the Ontario Pension Board. She is a past director and founding member of Women in Capital Markets and past director of the International Foundation for Employee Benefit Plans, Canadian Medical Association Holdings Inc. and the Boilermakers' National Pension Plan Canada. Ms. Croft holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics from the University of Toronto and the Institute of Corporate Directors designation (ICD.D).  Show Less                     Lise Fournel  Chair, Operational Risk Committee Member, Audit and Actuarial Committee Appointed 2016    Lise Fournel was Senior Vice-President and Chief Information Officer at Air Canada until early 2017. She is a technology expert with a global perspective in marketing and revenue management and e-commerce. Over her more than 35 year career with Air Canada, Ms. Fournel has held increasingly senior positions in Technology, Strategic Planning and Passenger Commercial. She was also President of Destina.ca.  Show More  Ms. Fournel sits on the board of l'Université de Montréal and is presently a member of its Technology Committee.  She has also served on a number of not-for-profit boards, including Tourisme Montréal, CIREM and Musée Pointe-à-Callière, and is involved with the Canadian Muscular Dystrophy Association.  Ms. Fournel earned a B.Sc. and M.Sc. in Mathematics from l'Université de Montréal and completed graduate studies in Business Administration at Hautes Études Commerciales (HEC) in Montreal.  Show Less                               Steve N. McGirr  Chair, Governance Committee and Vice-Chair, Investments Committee Member, Human Resources & Compensation and Operational Risk Committees Appointed 2015    Steve McGirr was Senior Executive Vice-President and Chief Risk Officer of CIBC until 2007. Prior to that, he was President of CIBC World Markets, and held a number of key leadership positions over a 24-year career at CIBC World Markets and Wood Gundy.  Show More  Mr. McGirr has served as a director of two public companies: TrustMark Auto Group Inc. and First Caribbean International Bank, as well as private companies including CIBC Offshore Banking Services Corporation (Barbados), CIBC Offshore Services Inc. and CIBC World Markets Plc (UK).  Mr. McGirr is currently a Director and Chair of the Investment Committee of Wellspring, a cancer support network, a member of the Queen's University Cabinet, and Senior Advisor to Lazard Canada Inc. He has an MPA and BA (Hons) from Queen's University. In 2004 Mr. McGirr received the Distinguished Service Award from the Province of Saskatchewan in recognition of his outstanding contributions to numerous public projects.    Show Less                               John Murray  Member, Audit & Actuarial and Governance Committees Appointed 2014    John Murray served as Deputy Governor of the Bank of Canada from 2008 until his retirement from the Bank in 2014. As a member of the Bank's Governing Council, he shared responsibility for decisions on monetary policy, financial system stability, and strategic direction. Mr. Murray joined the Bank of Canada in 1980 and held progressively senior roles in his 34-year career.  Show More  Mr. Murray holds a BComm from Queen's University, and an MA and PhD in Economics from Princeton University. After completing his PhD, Mr. Murray taught at the University of British Columbia as an assistant professor and at the University of North Carolina as a visiting assistant professor. He also lectured at Princeton University. He is an adjunct professor at Queen's University, as well as a visiting scholar and adviser at the International Monetary Fund. Mr. Murray also sits on the investment committee of the Canadian Medical Protective Association.    Show Less                     Kathleen O’Neill  Member, Audit & Actuarial and Operational Risk Committees Appointed 2016    Kathleen O'Neill is an experienced corporate director, and is currently on the boards of Finning International Inc., ARC Resources Ltd. and Invesco Canada Funds. She was Executive Vice President, Personal & Commercial Development and Head of Small Business Banking at BMO Bank of Montreal until January 2005, and a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers prior to that.  Show More  Ms. O'Neill is on the Ontario Advisory Council for the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD) and is a frequent instructor and examiner for the ICD. She is also a member of the Accounting Advisory Committee for the ICD and sits on CPA Canada's Corporate Oversight and Governance Advisory Board. Ms. O'Neill is past chair of both St Joseph's Health Centre Foundation and St. Joseph's Health Centre in Toronto and served on the board of Cadillac Fairview until early 2017.  Ms. O'Neill is a chartered accountant (CPA), a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario (FCPA), and holds the Institute of Corporate Directors designation (ICD.D). She earned a BCom from the University of Toronto. In 2014, 2015 and 2016 she was selected as one of Canada's Top 100 Most Powerful Women by WXN, and in 2009 she received the World of Difference Award from the International Alliance for Women.     Show Less                               Barbara Palk  Chair, Investment Committee Member, Human Resources & Compensation and Operational Risk Committees Appointed 2012    Barbara Palk retired from TD Asset Management as president, with three decades of institutional investment management experience. She now serves on the boards of Crombie REIT, First National Financial and TD Asset Management USA Funds Inc.  Show More  Previously, Ms. Palk served on the boards of the Canadian Coalition of Good Governance, the Investment Counselling Association of Canada, the Shaw Festival, the Perimeter Institute, Greenwood College School and Unicef Canada. She is the former Chair of the Board of Trustees at Queen's University.  Ms. Palk is a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors, a Fellow of the Canadian Securities Institute and a CFA charterholder. She earned a BA (Hons) in Economics from Queen's University and is a recipient of the Ontario Volunteer Award and the Queen's Jubilee Medal. She has been named one of Canada's Top 100 Most Powerful Women.  Show Less                                         David Smith  Chair, Audit & Actuarial Committee Member, Governance Committee Appointed 2009    David Smith is former chair and senior partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers and former CEO of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants.  Show More  Mr. Smith has served on numerous boards throughout his 40-year career. He is currently Chair (and founding chair) of the Small Departments Audit Committee of the Government of Canada.  Mr. Smith is the former chair of the Government of Canada Audit Committee. He is a chartered accountant, a Fellow of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario (FCPA, FCA), and a graduate of the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D). He holds a B.Comm. (Hons) from the University of Windsor.  Show Less                               Daniel Sullivan  Vice-Chair, Benefits Adjudication Committee Member, Human Resources & Compensation and Operational Risk Committees Appointed 2010    Daniel Sullivan was consul general of Canada in New York from 2006 to 2011. He is the former Deputy Chair of Scotia Capital Inc., the corporate and investment banking division of Scotiabank, where he enjoyed a 38-year career. Mr. Sullivan also served as Chair and Director of the Toronto Stock Exchange and is former Chair of the Investment Dealers Association of Canada.  Show More  Mr. Sullivan has served on numerous boards, including Allied Properties, Allstream Inc., Cadillac Fairview, Camco Inc., Choice Properties, Monarch Development and Schneider Corp. He was chair of the board of St. Michael's Hospital and currently sits on the board of the hospital's foundation.  Mr. Sullivan is a recipient of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee medal for his contribution to the Canadian investment industry.  Show Less                      Downloads        HR & Compensation Committee        Governance Committee        Benefits Adjudication Committee        Operational Risk Committee        Audit & Actuarial Committee        Investment Committee                                    Corporate Overview About Ontario Teachers' Plan Governance Board Members Executive Team Annual Reporting Plan Funding Careers                       Corporate       Investments       News       Members       Careers                           Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font          Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                       Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board
    GB|Converted / ClosedReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskDate of Last Filled Accounts
                                          31 Dec 2014
                                                                                Current Liabilities
                                          39.4B
                                                                                        GBP22.43%
                                          Total Long Term Liabilities
                                          82.2B
                                                                                        GBP9.74%
                                          Total Assets
                                          121.5B
                                                                                        GBP13.55%
                                          DetailsCompany nameOntario Teachers' Pension Plan BoardCompany numberFC027293Legal Entity Identifier—
                                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date18 Jan 2007Dissolution dateUnknownType of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            —
                        Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2014
                                SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            Related names
                                                                    Rreo,                                                                     Otpp,                                                                     Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario,                                                                     Ontario Teachers' Private Capital,                                                                     Ontatario Teachers,                                                                     Claude Lamoureux,                                                                     Cadillac Fairview                                                            Websitehttp://www.otpp.comSocial MediaTwitterRegistered Address5650 Yonge StreetTorontoOntarioCanadaM2M 4H5United KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board was set up on 18 Jan 2007        has its registered office in Canada.
                Its current status is listed as "Converted / Closed".     
        
                        The company's first directors were Hugh Mackenzie, Eileen Mercier, Guy Matte, Louis Richard Martel, Raymond Koskie and 3 more.                        The company has only one subsidiary, Premier Lotteries Investments UK Limited.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash68,620,672 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities39,372,308,480 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets121,521,356,800 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        pension funding
                                    
                                        pension planning
                                    
                                        pension administration
                                    
                                        financial
                                    
                                        finance
                                    
                                        estate planning
                                    
                                        retirement pension
                                    
                                        corporate financial
                                    
                                        retirement options
                                    
                                        personal pensions
                                    
                                        pension reform
                                    
                                        funding
                                    Location
                                    M2M
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionWikipedia DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionWikipedia DescriptionThe Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors.Source article: Ontario Teachers' Pension PlanCompanies House DescriptionA group engaged in a contributory benefit pension plan co-sponsored by the Province of Ontario and PLan members. Accounts data converted from Canadian Dollars.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address5650 Yonge StreetTorontoOntarioCanadaM2M 4H5United Kingdom5650 Yonge StreetTorontoOntarioM2M 4H5United KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×











































 



 Blackstone and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to Acquire Ascend Learning from Providence 
         










    










 













 











 



















Blackstone and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to Acquire Ascend Learning from Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Ascend Learning, LLC  
Apr 14, 2017, 11:58 ET









 Share this article




























































BURLINGTON, Mass., April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ascend Learning, LLC ("Ascend"), a leading provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions, today announced that private equity funds managed by Blackstone (NYSE:    BX) ("Blackstone") and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board ("CPPIB") have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Ascend from private equity funds advised by Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. This transaction is Blackstone's second investment as part of its core private equity strategy, which is specifically designed to hold private equity investments in exceptionally high-quality companies for longer periods of time than traditional private equity funds. CPPIB is a large global institutional investor holding long-term ownership stakes in certain private companies with resilient business models and high-growth potential.








Ascend Learning provides technology-based educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. The company's products span the full learning continuum and include admissions testing, educational content, test preparation, professional certifications and continuing education.  Ascend has a particular focus on high-growth healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations. 
"We are excited to work with Blackstone and CPPIB and know their partnership will be a tremendous asset for the next phase of our company's growth," said Greg Sebasky, CEO of Ascend Learning. "We're also grateful for the partnership we've had with Providence and Ontario Teachers' and the outstanding growth we've experienced working with them." 
Peter Wilde, Managing Director at Providence Equity, said, "We have enjoyed a long and productive partnership during our ten-year investment in Ascend. Greg and the Ascend team have generated consistent growth while delivering strong outcomes to students and institutions.  We are gratified to have played a part in Ascend's success and have no doubt Ascend will continue to grow and innovate."
The transaction is expected to close following customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Barclays acted as lead financial advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners on the transaction, and Bank of America served as co-advisor. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners; Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acted as legal advisor to Blackstone and CPPIB; and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal advisor to Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan.
About Ascend Learning Ascend Learning is a leading provider of educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. With products that span the learning continuum, Ascend Learning focuses on high-growth careers in a range of industries, with a special focus on healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations. Ascend Learning products, from testing to certification, are used by physicians, emergency medical professionals, nurses, certified personal trainers, financial advisors, skilled trades professionals and insurance brokers. Learn more at www.ascendlearning.com. 
About BlackstoneBlackstone is one of the world's leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with over $360 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone.
About Canada Pension Plan Investment BoardCanada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) is a professional investment management organization that invests the funds not needed by the Canada Pension Plan (CPP) to pay current benefits on behalf of 20 million contributors and beneficiaries. In order to build a diversified portfolio of CPP assets, CPPIB invests in public equities, private equities, real estate, infrastructure and fixed income instruments. Headquartered in Toronto, with offices in Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, New York City, São Paulo and Sydney, CPPIB is governed and managed independently of the Canada Pension Plan and at arm's length from governments. At December 31, 2016, the CPP Fund totalled $298.1 billion. For more information about CPPIB, please visit www.cppib.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.
About Providence Equity PartnersProvidence is a premier, global asset management firm with $50 billion in assets under management across complementary private equity and credit businesses. Providence pioneered a sector focused approach to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. Since the firm's inception in 1989, Providence has invested in more than 160 companies and is the leading equity investment firm focused on the media, communications, education and information industries. Providence is headquartered in Providence, RI and also has offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, and Singapore. For more information on Providence Equity, please visit www.provequity.com.
About Ontario Teachers' The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan ("Ontario Teachers'") is Canada's largest single-profession pension plan, with $175.6 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2016. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an average annualized rate of return of 10.1% since the plan's founding in 1990. Ontario Teachers' is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario's 318,000 active and retired teachers. For more information, visit http://www.otpp.com and follow us on Twitter @OtppInfo.




 Media Contacts: 







 Ascend Learning 



 Nancy Mays 



 Director, Communications 



 T: 1 913 269 2352 



 Nancy.mays@ascendlearning.com 







 Blackstone 



 Matt Anderson 



 Senior Vice President, Global Public Affairs 



 T: +1 212 390 2472 



 Matthew.Anderson@Blackstone.com 







 Canada Pension Plan Investment Board 



 Dan Madge  
 Mei Mavin  


 Senior Manager, Media Relations  
 Director, Corporate Communications  


 T: +1 416 868 8629  
 T: +1 646 564 4920  


 dmadge@cppib.com  
 mmavin@cppib.com  






 Providence Equity 



 Patrick Scanlan 



 Sard Verbinnen & Co 



 (212) 687-8080 



 Prov-SVC@sardverb.com 







 Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan 



 Deborah Allan 



 Managing Director, Communications and Media Relations 



 (416) 730-5347 



 deborah_allan@otpp.com 





 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/blackstone-and-canada-pension-plan-investment-board-to-acquire-ascend-learning-from-providence-equity-partners-and-ontario-teachers-pension-plan-300439878.html
SOURCE Ascend Learning, LLC
 Related Links

http://www.ascendlearning.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Blackstone and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to Acquire Ascend Learning from Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan


 News provided by
Ascend Learning, LLC  
Apr 14, 2017, 11:58 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Blackstone and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to Acquire Ascend Learning from Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension PlanHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 15 minsS&P 5002,481.72+3.89 (+0.16%)Dow 3021,767.17+56.16 (+0.26%)Nasdaq6,456.32+33.57 (+0.52%)Stocks to WatchVerizon soars on beat, Starbucks' big China deal, AstraZeneca sinks after drug trialBlackstone and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to Acquire Ascend Learning from Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension PlanPR NewswireApril 14, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareBURLINGTON, Mass., April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Ascend Learning, LLC ("Ascend"), a leading provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions, today announced that private equity funds managed by Blackstone (BX) ("Blackstone") and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board ("CPPIB") have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Ascend from private equity funds advised by Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. This transaction is Blackstone's second investment as part of its core private equity strategy, which is specifically designed to hold private equity investments in exceptionally high-quality companies for longer periods of time than traditional private equity funds. CPPIB is a large global institutional investor holding long-term ownership stakes in certain private companies with resilient business models and high-growth potential.Ascend Learning provides technology-based educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. The company's products span the full learning continuum and include admissions testing, educational content, test preparation, professional certifications and continuing education.  Ascend has a particular focus on high-growth healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations."We are excited to work with Blackstone and CPPIB and know their partnership will be a tremendous asset for the next phase of our company's growth," said Greg Sebasky, CEO of Ascend Learning. "We're also grateful for the partnership we've had with Providence and Ontario Teachers' and the outstanding growth we've experienced working with them."Peter Wilde, Managing Director at Providence Equity, said, "We have enjoyed a long and productive partnership during our ten-year investment in Ascend. Greg and the Ascend team have generated consistent growth while delivering strong outcomes to students and institutions.  We are gratified to have played a part in Ascend's success and have no doubt Ascend will continue to grow and innovate."The transaction is expected to close following customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Barclays acted as lead financial advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners on the transaction, and Bank of America served as co-advisor. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners; Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acted as legal advisor to Blackstone and CPPIB; and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal advisor to Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan.About Ascend Learning Ascend Learning is a leading provider of educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. With products that span the learning continuum, Ascend Learning focuses on high-growth careers in a range of industries, with a special focus on healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations. Ascend Learning products, from testing to certification, are used by physicians, emergency medical professionals, nurses, certified personal trainers, financial advisors, skilled trades professionals and insurance brokers. Learn more at www.ascendlearning.com.About BlackstoneBlackstone is one of the world's leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with over $360 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone.About Canada Pension Plan Investment BoardCanada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) is a professional investment management organization that invests the funds not needed by the Canada Pension Plan (CPP) to pay current benefits on behalf of 20 million contributors and beneficiaries. In order to build a diversified portfolio of CPP assets, CPPIB invests in public equities, private equities, real estate, infrastructure and fixed income instruments. Headquartered in Toronto, with offices in Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, New York City, São Paulo and Sydney, CPPIB is governed and managed independently of the Canada Pension Plan and at arm's length from governments. At December 31, 2016, the CPP Fund totalled $298.1 billion. For more information about CPPIB, please visit www.cppib.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter.Read MoreAbout Providence Equity PartnersProvidence is a premier, global asset management firm with $50 billion in assets under management across complementary private equity and credit businesses. Providence pioneered a sector focused approach to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. Since the firm's inception in 1989, Providence has invested in more than 160 companies and is the leading equity investment firm focused on the media, communications, education and information industries. Providence is headquartered in Providence, RI and also has offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, and Singapore. For more information on Providence Equity, please visit www.provequity.com.About Ontario Teachers' The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan ("Ontario Teachers'") is Canada's largest single-profession pension plan, with $175.6 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2016. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an average annualized rate of return of 10.1% since the plan's founding in 1990. Ontario Teachers' is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario's 318,000 active and retired teachers. For more information, visit http://www.otpp.com and follow us on Twitter @OtppInfo.  Media Contacts:          Ascend Learning      Nancy Mays      Director, Communications      T: 1 913 269 2352      Nancy.mays@ascendlearning.com          Blackstone      Matt Anderson      Senior Vice President, Global Public Affairs      T: +1 212 390 2472      Matthew.Anderson@Blackstone.com          Canada Pension Plan Investment Board      Dan Madge   Mei Mavin      Senior Manager, Media Relations   Director, Corporate Communications      T: +1 416 868 8629   T: +1 646 564 4920      dmadge@cppib.com    mmavin@cppib.com         Providence Equity      Patrick Scanlan      Sard Verbinnen & Co      (212) 687-8080      Prov-SVC@sardverb.com          Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan      Deborah Allan      Managing Director, Communications and Media Relations      (416) 730-5347      deborah_allan@otpp.com    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/blackstone-and-canada-pension-plan-investment-board-to-acquire-ascend-learning-from-providence-equity-partners-and-ontario-teachers-pension-plan-300439878.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHoward Marks Sounds the Alarm on Tech, Cryptocurrencies and Private EquityBloombergDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredVerizon soars on beat, Starbucks' big China deal, AstraZeneca sinks as drug trial disappointsYahoo FinanceA PGA Tour pro explained what separates Jordan Spieth from fellow stars like Rory McIlroy and Dustin JohnsonBusiness InsiderKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredVerizon soars on beat, Starbucks' big China deal, AstraZeneca sinks as drug trial disappointsYahoo Finance VideoStocks surge to new highs as Facebook lifts NasdaqYahoo FinanceWall Street adds to record rally on strong earningsReutersWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredJeff Bezos Surpasses Bill Gates as World's Richest PersonBloombergWhy Twitter won't ban President Donald TrumpAssociated PressTwitter's weak monthly user numbers leave investors cold, angryYahoo Finance VideoPeople in Heavy Debt May Be in For a Big SurpriseFreedom Debt ReliefSponsoredT. Boone Pickens: 'You can just never, ever, give up'Yahoo FinanceAnthony Scaramucci just took his feud with Reince Priebus public in a wild CNN interviewBusiness InsiderScaramucci calls into CNN for wild interview about Priebus and leaksGLJM: This isn't a "Presidency" it's a "Carnival Freak Show"Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k











Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 













Blackstone, CPPIB to buy Ascend Learning from Providence, OTPP - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Blackstone, CPPIB to buy Ascend Learning from Providence, OTPP


April 17, 2017
By Kirk Falconer



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Blackstone, CPPIB to buy Ascend Learning from Providence, OTPP
Blackstone Group and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have agreed to acquire Ascend Learning LLC, a Burlington, Massachusetts-based provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions. No financial terms were disclosed; however, Reuters earlier reported the deal is valued at more than $2 billion, including debt. The sellers are Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Blackstone Group and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have agreed to acquire Ascend Learning LLC, a Burlington, Massachusetts-based provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions. No financial terms were disclosed; however, Reuters earlier reported the deal is valued at more than $2 billion, including debt. The sellers are Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan.
PRESS RELEASE
BURLINGTON, Mass., April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Ascend Learning, LLC (“Ascend”), a leading provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions, today announced that private equity funds managed by Blackstone (NYSE: BX) (“Blackstone”) and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (“CPPIB”) have signed a definitive agreement to acquire Ascend from private equity funds advised by Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan. This transaction is Blackstone’s second investment as part of its core private equity strategy, which is specifically designed to hold private equity investments in exceptionally high-quality companies for longer periods of time than traditional private equity funds. CPPIB is a large global institutional investor holding long-term ownership stakes in certain private companies with resilient business models and high-growth potential.
Ascend Learning provides technology-based educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. The company’s products span the full learning continuum and include admissions testing, educational content, test preparation, professional certifications and continuing education. Ascend has a particular focus on high-growth healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations. 





“We are excited to work with Blackstone and CPPIB and know their partnership will be a tremendous asset for the next phase of our company’s growth,” said Greg Sebasky, CEO of Ascend Learning. “We’re also grateful for the partnership we’ve had with Providence and Ontario Teachers’ and the outstanding growth we’ve experienced working with them.”
Peter Wilde, Managing Director at Providence Equity, said, “We have enjoyed a long and productive partnership during our ten-year investment in Ascend. Greg and the Ascend team have generated consistent growth while delivering strong outcomes to students and institutions. We are gratified to have played a part in Ascend’s success and have no doubt Ascend will continue to grow and innovate.”
The transaction is expected to close following customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Barclays acted as lead financial advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners on the transaction, and Bank of America served as co-advisor. Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP acted as legal advisor to Ascend and Providence Equity Partners; Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acted as legal advisor to Blackstone and CPPIB; and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as legal advisor to Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan.
About Ascend Learning
Ascend Learning is a leading provider of educational content and software tools for students, educational institutions and employers. With products that span the learning continuum, Ascend Learning focuses on high-growth careers in a range of industries, with a special focus on healthcare and other licensure-driven occupations. Ascend Learning products, from testing to certification, are used by physicians, emergency medical professionals, nurses, certified personal trainers, financial advisors, skilled trades professionals and insurance brokers. Learn more at www.ascendlearning.com. 





About Blackstone
Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our asset management businesses, with over $360 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow Blackstone on Twitter @Blackstone.
About Canada Pension Plan Investment Board
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) is a professional investment management organization that invests the funds not needed by the Canada Pension Plan (CPP) to pay current benefits on behalf of 20 million contributors and beneficiaries. In order to build a diversified portfolio of CPP assets, CPPIB invests in public equities, private equities, real estate, infrastructure and fixed income instruments. Headquartered in Toronto, with offices in Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, New York City, São Paulo and Sydney, CPPIB is governed and managed independently of the Canada Pension Plan and at arm’s length from governments. At December 31, 2016, the CPP Fund totalled $298.1 billion. For more information about CPPIB, please visit www.cppib.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter. 





About Providence Equity Partners
Providence is a premier, global asset management firm with $50 billion in assets under management across complementary private equity and credit businesses. Providence pioneered a sector focused approach to private equity investing with the vision that a dedicated team of industry experts could build exceptional companies of enduring value. Since the firm’s inception in 1989, Providence has invested in more than 160 companies and is the leading equity investment firm focused on the media, communications, education and information industries. Providence is headquartered in Providence, RI and also has offices in New York, London, Hong Kong, and Singapore. For more information on Providence Equity, please visit www.provequity.com.
About Ontario Teachers’
The Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (“Ontario Teachers’”) is Canada’s largest single-profession pension plan, with $175.6 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2016. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an average annualized rate of return of 10.1% since the plan’s founding in 1990. Ontario Teachers’ is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario’s 318,000 active and retired teachers. For more information, visit http://www.otpp.com and follow us on Twitter @OtppInfo. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Blackstone, CPPIB to buy Ascend Learning from Providence, OTPP
Blackstone Group and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have agreed to acquire Ascend Learning LLC, a Burlington, Massachusetts-based provider of educational content, software and analytics solutions. No financial terms were disclosed; however, Reuters earlier reported the deal is valued at more than $2 billion, including debt. The sellers are Providence Equity Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Post Capital sells BHS Specialty Chemicals
by Iris Dorbian

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















GMX











































GMX











































GMX











































GMX











































GMX




































Software Made for Product Managers | Aha!









































 Log in



Toll free:
1 (888) 926-2240


Local:
(650) 331-3170





























Create a visual roadmapin minutes
Start with yourstrategy
Define releases and keepeveryone in sync
Rank ideas based onvalue and effort
Prioritize features fordevelopment
Report on whatis planned
Share your brilliantroadmap





Software Made for Product Managers

































































Strategy
Cloud-based software to set your product strategy based on market dynamics. Track
                imperatives through releases and features.







Releases
Every great roadmap has a series of sprints or releases.
                Roadmap tools allow you to visualize your releases and their phases.
              







Ideas
Crowd-source ideas from customers and employees via a custom branded
                portal. Score and promote key ideas to features.
              











Features
Add new features and user stories, rank them quickly using 
              prioritization tools, and highlight the business value of each one.
              







Notebooks
Proudly share your product plans and roadmap and the genius 
              that went into them. Easily keep everyone up-to-date.
              







Integrations
Integrate your roadmap with tools like JIRA, Visual Studio, Pivotal
                Tracker, Rally, GitHub and others. And a developer API.









×
Aha! is software for awesome product managers
















Product Strategy Management Software | Aha!











































 Log in





PRODUCT

Overview
Integrations
Where Aha! fits



ROADMAPS

Product roadmap
Technology roadmap
Consulting roadmap
Manufacturing roadmap
Marketing roadmap



PRICING


CUSTOMERS

Success stories
Love



COMPANY

About us
Careers
Culture
Company history
The Responsive Method





Support
Forum
Ideas
Blog


Start a FREE Trial
Log in









Build what matters
Aha! builds software so you can build better products







Overview


Strategy


Releases


Ideas


Features


Roadmaps


Analytics


Notebooks


Notes







Model success
A business model defines your framework for success. It is your unique DNA and what makes your approach to the market and serving customers special. Articulate your value proposition, key advantages, go-to-market plans, and more.








Challenges
Challenges are what ails your customers and the pain you relieve.


Solution
Your solution is the primary way that you solve your customer's problems.


Growth
The growth opportunity is the size of the market and what you can capture.







Vision explains the "why"
Create a vivid picture of where you want your product to be in the future. That is your vision. Make better decisions — faster — because your team will be aligned and able to maintain clear focus.







Know thy customer
Paint a picture of your customers by creating custom personas. Describe everything about them and then link the personas to actual features so you know who you are building for.












Track the competition
Create in-depth profiles of key competitors and publish the info for your team. Capture critical information such as revenue, customers, growth rate, and your own custom fields.









Set goals
Highlight your strategic objectives and the KPIs that you plan on achieving. Track your progress against the goals so the team knows how the business is doing.





Identify initiatives
Determine the key strategic workstreams that will help you realize your goals. Initiatives allow you to define the high-level programs to invest in, then group releases and features under them.











      Overview
    

      Releases
      













          Roadmap software to manage your products.
          Finally, connect strategy to execution. 
        


Try Aha! FREE













The Best Product Management Tools | Aha!











































 Log in





PRODUCT

Overview
Integrations
Where Aha! fits



ROADMAPS

Product roadmap
Technology roadmap
Consulting roadmap
Manufacturing roadmap
Marketing roadmap



PRICING


CUSTOMERS

Success stories
Love



COMPANY

About us
Careers
Culture
Company history
The Responsive Method





Support
Forum
Ideas
Blog


Start a FREE Trial
Log in









        Define the whys, whens, and whats


        Roadmapping comes first, build what matters second
      







          Aha! is the one product management tool you need to lead product with conviction and be happy doing it. If you are like most product managers, Aha! is what you have always wanted to replace the Word, Google, Excel, Dropbox, and PPT docs that are scattered all over your hard drive and the cloud.
        











How does your product team work?
No matter what type of product team you work with, Aha! is a tool for driving product strategy, sharing your roadmap, and detailing features and user stories. We call this the why, when, and what of roadmapping. Engineering teams are responsible for how features get developed.



The Why
Goals and initiatives


The When
Schedules and timelines


The What
Releases and features


The How
Engineering development



We know that you are doing your best to explain where the product is headed, highlight the business value, and lead your product team. We also know that engineering teams can be demanding. They want to understand your vision for the product and they require detailed features and user stories to efficiently build what customers want. The reality is that it’s not easy with the product management tools you have.
How does your engineering team work?
While many engineering teams have a bug tracking system to manage their work, others do not. Aha! works in both environments but is fundamentally designed for you – the product manager. If your engineering team uses a bug system like JIRA, we integrate directly with it allowing you to set strategy, releases, and features in Aha! and send them to JIRA to be worked. As engineers work and update JIRA, Aha! is automatically updated and you can always easily check what's happening without having to navigate another tool.
Aha! also works well for teams that do not have a bug or other engineering planning system. Aha! provides a workflow board for agile or scrum teams, status controls by feature and requirement, and cross-functional release gantt charts so you are always informed. So, regardless of how your team works, Aha! is the product tool built for you.










          Roadmap software to manage your products.
          Finally, connect strategy to execution. 
        


Try Aha! FREE













Free 30 Day Software Trial | Aha!











































 Log in



Toll free:
1 (888) 926-2240


Local:
(650) 331-3170













Questions and Answers

Q. How does the 30 day trial work?
A. We don’t require a credit card because we want you to try Aha!
      and see that there is a better way to build brilliant roadmaps.
      After you create an account, you get instant access to all Aha!
      features for 30 days (and can upgrade at any time).
    
Q. What happens at the end of the trial?
A. We will email you before your trial expires. When you are ready
      to convert your trial you simply select the plan and the number of
      users you need. Your trial account will become your permanent
      account (everything remains intact). If you decide not to start paying at the end of your 30-day trial
      don’t worry, you can export your data. Just do it before the 30th
      day when your account will expire.
    
Q. What are the billing options?
We offer both monthly and annual billing. You can pay by credit
      card for all plans. Choose an annual plan for the additional option
      of invoice billing. Email us at support@aha.io for more details.
    
Q. I still have questions, who should I contact?
A. Send us an email at support@aha.io
      or call 1-888-926-2240.
    


















teachers pension plan ontario - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Ontario teachers pension plan - Check this out immediately



Ad
 ·
search.gmx.net/​Ontario Teachers Pension Plan/​Look no further



Find the perfect Ontario Teachers Pension Plan on Search.gmx.net


gmx.net is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(57 reviews)





Consult Finances



Find a Job



Find Books




Read the News



Experience Automobiles



Go Shopping





Webcrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.Webcrawler.com



Search multiple engines for what you are looking for.




Ontario Teachers Pension Plan - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Ontario Teachers Pension Plan/​Now



Find Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Searches related toteachers pension plan ontario



ontario teachers pension plan board


ontario teachers pension plan logo


ontario teachers pension plan calcula...


ontario teachers



ontario pension plan


ontario teachers pension plan address


ontario teachers pension plan portfolio


nj teachers pension




Web Results

Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Official Site

https://www.otpp.com


Learn More About Ontario Teachers' We are an independent organization that pays defined benefit pensions and invests plan assets on behalf of 318,000 active and ...



Contact



Member Sign-in



Careers



Featured News



Investments Overview



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontario_Teachers'_Pension_Plan


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario or RREO), is an independent ...


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan CEO on finding value - CNBC

www.cnbc.com/video/2017/05/02/ontario-teachers-pension-plan-ceo-on...


At the Milken Global Conference, Ron Mock, Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan CEO, speaks to CNBC's David Faber about the plan's portfolio strategy in the ...


Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTPP)

https://www.osstf.on.ca/otpp


The Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (Ontario Teachers') serves a total of active and retired membership of over 310,000. OSSTF/FEESO represents the interests of ...


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/myOTPP


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. 11,218 likes · 37 talking about this. We're Canada's largest single-profession pension plan. We administer the pensions...


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP) - YouTube

www.youtube.com/user/otppinfo


Ontario Teachers' ‒ Proud to be a Leader The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, based in Toronto, pays defined benefit pensions and invests $175.6 billion in a...


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Reviews | Glassdoor.ca

https://www.glassdoor.ca/Reviews/Ontario-Teachers-Pension-Plan...


96 Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan reviews. A free inside look at company reviews and salaries posted anonymously by employees.


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/12096


Learn about working at Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, leverage your ...


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - August 18, 2008.

https://www.fsco.gov.on.ca/.../makeorder/Pages/Teachers_Aug1808.aspx


IN THE MATTER OF the Pension Benefits Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. P.8, as amended (the “PBA”) AND IN THE MATTER OF a Proposal of the Superintendent of Financial ...










Ontario teachers pension plan - Check this out immediately



Ad
 ·
search.gmx.net/​Ontario Teachers Pension Plan/​Look no further



Find the perfect Ontario Teachers Pension Plan on Search.gmx.net


gmx.net is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(57 reviews)





Consult Finances



Find a Job



Find Books




Read the News



Experience Automobiles



Go Shopping





Webcrawler.com



Ad
 ·
www.Webcrawler.com



Search multiple engines for what you are looking for.




Ontario Teachers Pension Plan - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Ontario Teachers Pension Plan/​Now



Find Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related toteachers pension plan ontario



ontario teachers pension plan board


ontario teachers pension plan logo


ontario teachers pension plan calcula...


ontario teachers



ontario pension plan


ontario teachers pension plan address


ontario teachers pension plan portfolio


nj teachers pension




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








  Home - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                                            2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more    Your success story If you like to work collaboratively along side the best minds in the business, Teachers' is the organization for you. Learn more    Investing for tomorrow Our investment professionals use skill, innovation and a long-term focus to earn superior risk-adjusted returns from our global portfolio. How we invest    When do you need us? From the first day of your career to your retirement years, we're here to help you understand your pension. Learn more    Keeping your pension in tune Explore how inflation protection keeps your plan from missing a beat. Learn more         2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more                      Corporate   Learn More About Ontario Teachers'  We are an independent organization that pays defined benefit pensions and invests plan assets on behalf of 318,000 active and retired members.  Read more... Inflation Protection to be Fully Restored in 2018 Some of the $11.5 billion surplus will be used to restore full inflation protection for post-2009 pension credit and decrease contribution rates. Read more... Join our Team Whether you're an expert in investments, IT, finance or member services, there's a place for you to work with the best at Teachers'. Find or apply for a position...                  Investments   Recent Transactions  View news releases and summaries of the latest additions and dispositions in our investment portfolio.  READ MORE... Partners in Opportunity  Our teams are always searching for new investment opportunities, offering flexible capital and other advantages to potential business partners.  READ MORE... Responsible Investing  We work to identify and evaluate material risks and opportunities to make better decisions and to be engaged asset owners.  READ MORE...                  Members   Committed to Prompt, Reliable Pension Information Ontario Teachers' prides itself on offering personalized, immediate service to members at all stages of their lives. Learn more... Get Pension Estimates  Your Ontario Teachers' online account allows you to see how much your pension is worth. It gives you instant access to your personal pension records, any time, anywhere.  Discover more... Stay Informed Get frequent and unique content on pension issues relevant to you. Read more...                                   Corporate         Corporate Overview   About Ontario Teachers'   Plan Governance   Board Members   Executive Team   Annual Reporting   Plan Funding   Careers   Corporate We’re honoured to be recognized as one of the world’s leading pension plans. Learn More    Investments         Overview   Performance   Responsible Investing   Asset Groups   Investment Teams   Partners in Opportunity   Investments Working with partners who share our investment and business goals is the best way to meet our members’ retirement needs Learn More    News   Members   Careers         Careers Overview   The Ontario Teachers' Difference   Working at Ontario Teachers'   Our Culture   What Our Employees Say   Experienced Professionals   Students   Career Opportunities                            Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font         Follow us on:           With $175.6 billion in assets as of December 31, 2016, the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is the largest single-profession pension plan in Canada.   An independent organization, it invests the pension fund's assets and administers the pensions of 318,000 active and retired teachers in Ontario.     Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                   


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




















  Home - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan                                                            2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more    Your success story If you like to work collaboratively along side the best minds in the business, Teachers' is the organization for you. Learn more    Investing for tomorrow Our investment professionals use skill, innovation and a long-term focus to earn superior risk-adjusted returns from our global portfolio. How we invest    When do you need us? From the first day of your career to your retirement years, we're here to help you understand your pension. Learn more    Keeping your pension in tune Explore how inflation protection keeps your plan from missing a beat. Learn more         2016 Annual Report A 4.2% rate of return increased net assets to a record-high of $175.6 billion. Learn more                      Corporate   Learn More About Ontario Teachers'  We are an independent organization that pays defined benefit pensions and invests plan assets on behalf of 318,000 active and retired members.  Read more... Inflation Protection to be Fully Restored in 2018 Some of the $11.5 billion surplus will be used to restore full inflation protection for post-2009 pension credit and decrease contribution rates. Read more... Join our Team Whether you're an expert in investments, IT, finance or member services, there's a place for you to work with the best at Teachers'. Find or apply for a position...                  Investments   Recent Transactions  View news releases and summaries of the latest additions and dispositions in our investment portfolio.  READ MORE... Partners in Opportunity  Our teams are always searching for new investment opportunities, offering flexible capital and other advantages to potential business partners.  READ MORE... Responsible Investing  We work to identify and evaluate material risks and opportunities to make better decisions and to be engaged asset owners.  READ MORE...                  Members   Committed to Prompt, Reliable Pension Information Ontario Teachers' prides itself on offering personalized, immediate service to members at all stages of their lives. Learn more... Get Pension Estimates  Your Ontario Teachers' online account allows you to see how much your pension is worth. It gives you instant access to your personal pension records, any time, anywhere.  Discover more... Stay Informed Get frequent and unique content on pension issues relevant to you. Read more...                                   Corporate         Corporate Overview   About Ontario Teachers'   Plan Governance   Board Members   Executive Team   Annual Reporting   Plan Funding   Careers   Corporate We’re honoured to be recognized as one of the world’s leading pension plans. Learn More    Investments         Overview   Performance   Responsible Investing   Asset Groups   Investment Teams   Partners in Opportunity   Investments Working with partners who share our investment and business goals is the best way to meet our members’ retirement needs Learn More    News   Members   Careers         Careers Overview   The Ontario Teachers' Difference   Working at Ontario Teachers'   Our Culture   What Our Employees Say   Experienced Professionals   Students   Career Opportunities                            Member Sign-In  Change your password Switch accounts Sign out     Home   Contact   Careers    Français   Smaller FontLarger Font         Follow us on:           With $175.6 billion in assets as of December 31, 2016, the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is the largest single-profession pension plan in Canada.   An independent organization, it invests the pension fund's assets and administers the pensions of 318,000 active and retired teachers in Ontario.     Home   Contact   Careers   Legal & Privacy   Resources   Site Map    Français                   


Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















OTPP (@OtppInfo) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      OTPP



@OtppInfo












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
1,730
            



Following
Following
92



Followers
Followers
2,448



Likes
Likes
19

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @OtppInfo

Mute @OtppInfo



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















OTPP



@OtppInfo


Since 1990, the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan has administered pensions and invested plan assets. We have $175.6 billion in assets and 318,000 members.



            Toronto, Canada 

      



 
    otpp.com
  




Joined January 2013












                
                400 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @OtppInfo
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @OtppInfo
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            OTPP followed
        

























OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







pic.twitter.com/rPD5eKwMi2
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







pic.twitter.com/UsdKTb4mBn
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Regardez le tableau Pinterest pour obtenir de l’information sur le paiement de votre congé : http://ow.ly/yPcR30dDUAn pic.twitter.com/7DQlrv6Rxk
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out the myOTPP 101 Pinterest board, ‘Going on a leave’ for information on paying for your leave: http://ow.ly/N0LA30dDUFL pic.twitter.com/iztK2BGzWZ
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#OTPP broadens footprint in European funeral services sector with acquisition of Spain’s Mémora. Full release: http://ow.ly/xnxr30dH1Vi 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.#OTPP sells stake in High Speed 1; continues to seek similar successful UK #investments. Read full release: http://ow.ly/rbuc30dDjzc pic.twitter.com/nyEUTmVG0i
















0 replies




5 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.Ontario Teachers’ head of #CorporateGovernance, Paul Schneider, joins board of @ICGNCorpGov. #otpp http://ow.ly/X4bF30dzrGw pic.twitter.com/QHq2TO7tzH
















0 replies




4 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Assurez-vous d’aimer http://facebook.com/monRREO  #monRREOpic.twitter.com/HiUACRJr9Y
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







And we’re just getting started! Be sure to like http://facebook.com/myOTPP  #myOTPPpic.twitter.com/FaaCuuSKGk
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Comment gérez-vous votre budget à la retraite? Regardez quelques conseils de Marionhttp://ow.ly/A7hn30dpSff 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How are you budgeting for life as a retiree? Watch for tips from Marion on adjusting to life on pension.http://ow.ly/CdSu30dpRpy 









1 reply




2 retweets




0 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







You made it! #myOTPPpic.twitter.com/p5jZ2CcDTq
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Vous l’avez fait! #monRREOpic.twitter.com/uFFiew6Ya4
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Find out what it means for your pension https://goo.gl/uAdcgA  #myOTPPpic.twitter.com/QIO3QowvRm
















0 replies




3 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Voyez ce que ça signifie pour votre rente https://goo.gl/PPWjo9  #monRREOpic.twitter.com/22ZUtwFzzE
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







You asked us more than 100 questions about CPP and your pension.  https://goo.gl/oUmt46  #myOTPPpic.twitter.com/asxhZzvBUC
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Vous nous avez posé plus de 100 questions sur le RPC et votre rente. https://goo.gl/RTFHWj  #monRREOpic.twitter.com/p7xTDPqFfb
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Take 1 min & learn how to upload your docs to your online account with your mobile device. https://youtu.be/ATiFlPoEMxo  #myOTPPpic.twitter.com/fjNGF47SDs
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Prenez 1 min pour apprendre comment télécharger vos docs dans votre compte en ligne avec votre appareil mobile https://youtu.be/v1eMXUGCmd0 pic.twitter.com/y466b5Cmx9
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













OTPP‏ @OtppInfo

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.Ontario Teachers’ partners w/ Apollo fund to acquire majority outstanding equity interests in CareerBuilder. http://ow.ly/mEjP30cHWRN  #otpp





0 replies




3 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @OtppInfo hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan - Wikipedia





















 






Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (July 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board





Type

Private


Industry
Pension fund


Founded
1989; 28 years ago (1989)


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Ron Mock (CEO)[1]
Jean Turmel (Chairman)[2]


Total assets
 C$175.6 billion
(Dec 2016)[3]



Number of employees

 1100


Subsidiaries
Cadillac Fairview


Website
www.otpp.com


The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board (Ontario Teachers'; French: Régime de retraite des enseignantes et des enseignants de l'Ontario[4] or RREO), is an independent organization responsible for administering defined-benefit pensions for school teachers of the Canadian province of Ontario. Ontario Teachers' also invests the plan's pension fund, and is one of the world’s largest institutional investors. The plan is a multi-employer pension plan, jointly sponsored by the Government of Ontario and the Ontario Teachers' Federation.



Contents


1 History
2 Organization
3 Investments

3.1 Responsible investing


4 Pension funding

4.1 Leadership in pension funding innovation


5 Media coverage
6 References



History[edit]
Ontario Teachers' was established on Jan. 1, 1990.[5] Until then, Ontario teachers' pensions had been sponsored solely by the Ontario government. Assets of the plan had been invested in government bonds only.
Organization[edit]
Today, the plan administers the pensions for some 182,000 teachers, principals, and school administrators, and pays pensions to some 136,000 retirees. In 2016, $5.7 billion in benefits was paid to members. Ontario Teachers' is headquartered in Toronto, with operations in London, Hong Kong and an office in New York.
Founding President and Chief Executive Officer, Claude Lamoureux, retired on December 1, 2007 and was succeeded by Jim Leech, who was Senior Vice President of Private Equity (aka Teachers' Private Capital).
Effective January 1, 2014, Ron Mock, succeeded Jim Leech as President and Chief Executive Officer.[6] The Chair of the Board is Jean Turmel.[7]
Investments[edit]
Ontario Teachers' is one of Canada's largest institutional investors having reported $175.6 billion in net assets on December 31, 2016. It has an excellent track record for investment performance with an average annual return of 10.3% since inception.
Ontario Teachers' owns and manages a diversified portfolio of Canadian and international assets. Through its fully owned real estate subsidiary Cadillac Fairview, Ontario Teachers' owns properties that include the Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto Eaton Centre, and the Rideau Centre in Ottawa. Through its private equity investment arm Private Capital, Ontario Teachers' owns or has had interests in companies such as Helly Hansen, Munchkin, Plano and Shearer's Foods.
Ontario Teachers' owns a substantial portfolio of infrastructure assets including: 100% of Bristol Airport and minority stakes in Birmingham Airport, Copenhagen Airport, Brussels Airport and London City Airport; the High Speed 1 rail line linking London with the Channel Tunnel; and international water and power utilities. Ontario Teachers' also owns Camelot Group PLC, which holds an exclusive licence to operate the U.K. National Lottery. It has acquired a share of the Irish National Lottery in 2014.
In 2017, it acquired Mémora Servicios Funerarias, a Spanish funeral provider, from 3i.[8]
Ontario Teachers' posts a list of major investments annually on its website.
Responsible investing[edit]
Ontario Teachers’ approach to responsible investing seeks to achieve the best risk-return balance for its members by being diligent in choosing and managing assets. It includes several dimensions:

evaluating investments against material financial and non-financial factors, including risks associated with environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues, as well as reputation risk;
continuing to be effective stewards for as long as it owns an asset;
working with other global leaders to advance the understanding of responsible investing, as a signatory to the United Nations-backed Principles for Responsible Investment and a member of various groups and associations;
using its position as large investors to advance good corporate governance because it considers strong governance to underpin a company’s ability to effectively deal with risks and opportunities; and
taking a thoughtful and well-researched view in voting shares in public companies, based primarily on the plan’s Corporate Governance Principles and Proxy Voting Guidelines.

Pension funding[edit]
The pension plan reported a preliminary $11.5 billion funding surplus as of Jan. 1, 2017. Despite improved funding levels, the pension plan still faces challenges resulting from increasing longevity, longer retirements and a volatile investing environment.
Leadership in pension funding innovation[edit]
At the 2013 National Summit on Pension Reform, then President and CEO Jim Leech called for action to assure retirement financing security for all Canadians, now and for generations to come.[9] Leaders and experts from government, private companies and labour unions gathered in Fredericton, to encourage candid, high-level conversations about pensions. “Pensions, like any species that wishes to survive through time, must adapt to the environment,” Mr. Leech told the conference.[10] “That means we must ensure that benefits and contributions are fair and correlated; that assets and liabilities can be balanced; that expectations are realistic and success is achievable.” In support of his position, Jim Leech invited summit participants to view the 23-minute documentary Pension Plan Evolution: A New Financial Reality. The documentary takes a global look at how pension plans are changing to meet economic and demographic challenges ranging from volatile markets to increasing longevity.
Media coverage[edit]
On the January 12, 2004 episode of Rick Mercer Report, comedian Rick Mercer had a short segment about the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, in which he humorously contrasted the plan's beneficiaries (i.e. teachers) with the investments the plan had made, including shopping malls and the tobacco industry.[11]
On December 2, 2008, New York lawyer Marc Stuart Dreier was arrested at Ontario Teachers' Toronto offices and charged with impersonating, through his words and by the use of business cards, Michael Padfield, a senior lawyer with the pension plan. A secretary in the Ontario Teachers' offices had become suspicious and notified Toronto police who promptly arrested him. Dreier was attempting to close a sale of forged Ontario Teachers' promissory notes, worth $44.7 million USD, by meeting with the buyers right in the Ontario Teachers' offices.[12] On December 4, 2008, Dreier was indicted by the United States Justice Department for successfully executing a similar corporate officer 'impersonation' routine, including bluffing his way into using the momentarily vacant CEO's office of one 'selling' firm for a meeting with the buyer, to sell forged financial instruments on at least two occasions in New York.[13]
References[edit]



^ "Executives - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Globeinvestor.com: Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "Performance - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ "À propos du RREO". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP History". Otpp.com. Retrieved 7 January 2013. 
^ "OTPP corporate web site". Otpp.com. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Appointment Notice - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan: Jean Turmel, Board member". Globeinvestor.com. 
^ Turvill, William (July 17, 2017). "UK private equity giant 3i sells stake in Barcelona-based funeral services company Memora". City A.M. Retrieved July 19, 2017. 
^ "CEO Jim Leech delivers pension summit keynote and premieres pension sustainability documentary - Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan". Otpp.com. 2013-02-20. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Mercer, Rick. "Rick Mercer Report: Ontario Teachers Pension Plan". YouTube. Retrieved 2017-07-19. 
^ Cowan, Alison Leigh and William K. Rashbaum (2008-12-05). "Lawyer’s Arrest in Canada Has His Firm in Chaos". The New York Times. Retrieved 2009-03-30. 
^ [2][dead link]









v
t
e


Largest private equity investment firms






3i Group
AAC Capital Partners
Advent International
AlpInvest Partners
American Capital
Apax Partners
Apollo Global Management
Ares Management
Bain Capital
BC Partners
Berkshire Partners
The Blackstone Group
Bridgepoint Capital
The Carlyle Group
CCMP Capital
Cerberus Capital Management
Charterhouse Capital Partners
Cinven
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice
CVC Capital Partners
Doughty Hanson & Co
EnCap Investments
EQT Partners
First Reserve Corporation
Fortress Investment Group
General Atlantic
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
GTCR
Hellman & Friedman
H.I.G. Capital
JRK Property Holdings
KKR
Trilantic Capital Partners
Leonard Green & Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners
Nordic Capital
Oak Investment Partners
Oaktree Capital Management
Onex
Teachers' Private Capital
Pacific Equity Partners
PAI Partners
Permira
Providence Equity Partners
Sentinel Capital Partners
Silver Lake Partners
Summit Partners
Sun Capital Partners
TA Associates
Terra Firma Capital Partners
Thomas H. Lee Partners
TPG Capital
Warburg Pincus
Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe











Private equity
Private equity firms
Venture capital firms
Portfolio companies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ontario_Teachers%27_Pension_Plan&oldid=791300785"					
Categories: Public pension funds in CanadaInvestment companies of CanadaPrivate equity firms of CanadaOrganizations established in 1989Organizations based in TorontoMaple Leaf Sports & Entertainment1989 establishments in OntarioHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles lacking reliable references from July 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 10:43.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
