      Opera Trading Capital - Opera Trading Capital




































               Opera Trading Capital is an Investment Firm regulated by the French Regulator ACPR (CIB # 11683).
      LONDON
stephane.liot@operatradingcapital.com
Stephane Liot : +44 20 7595 8304		     PARIS
vincent.chretien@operatradingcapital.com
Vincent Chretien : +33 1 40143126		     HONG KONG
pascal.boubee@operatradingcapital.com
Pascal Boubee : +852 2108 5672		       Opera Trading Capital Secures Former BNP Senior FX Trader, Kristian Ekblom | Finance Magnates            Executives     Finance Magnates NewsletterInsights, breaking news, market analysis and articles delivered to your inbox daily.*           This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.               Contact usChoose which department you want to message:*SalesIntelligenceEventsNewsroomUGCGeneralLeave us your details to learn our powerful and innovative advetising opportunities for your brand. Download Media KitTo learn more about this unique service and to discover how it can help you grow your business, send us a message in the form below.We’re happy to answer any questions you have or provide you with an estimate.Do you have a story you want to send us? Complete the form below. If you have something valuable to say you can apply as a Finance Magnates Contributor. Just send us a message in the form below.We’re straightforward with our abilities and pricing, and knowing where you’re coming from helps us hit the target.*   First name    Last name *   Company name Email* Telephone numberForm description**required fieldsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.  NewsletterSubscribe to & follow our newsletterGet top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.  Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements.*   I would also like to receive business enhancing offers and promotionsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.  Log InLog in to Finance Magnates    Remember Me  Create an accountForgot password?Reset your password Enter your email address below. We will send instructions to reset
your password.   Email was send successfully!Please check your inbox for  our authentication email.Sign up to Finance MagnatesI already have an account      *required fields  Send me business enhancing offers and promotions  Sign me up for Finance Magnates News Updates  By signing up I accept Finance Magnates Terms and Conditions     Thank you for registering  to Finance Magnates.Please open the email we sent you and click on the  link to verify your account.English日本語中国العربيةРусский   Search         FM HomeExecutivesExecutive MovesOpera Trading Capital Secures Former BNP Senior FX Trader, Kristian EkblomOpera Trading Capital Secures Former BNP Senior FX Trader, Kristian Ekblom Ekblom has landed at BNP's proprietary arm, Opera Trading Capital, as its newest Portfolio Manager.    Jeff Patterson  |  Executive Moves (Executives) |  Tuesday, 05/04/2016|16:16 GMT  Photo: BloombergShare this articleKristian Ekblom, a former senior trader at BNP Paribas, has parted ways with the group, landing at Opera Trading Capital as its newest Portfolio Manager with immediate effect, Finance Magnates has learned.Mr. Ekblom has spent the bulk of his career in trading, specifically in the realm of foreign exchange (FX), having worked at a number of leading banking institutions for the past eight years. His most recent stint was as BNP Paribas’ Senior Trader for G10 FX Options Trading, a position he held for nearly four years, while being based out of the lender’s London branch.Moreover, Mr. Ekblom cut his teeth while working as an Associate, G10 FX Options Trading at Citi for over four years, dating back to 2008, according to information made public on his Linkedin profile.Opera Trading Capital operates as a propitiatory arm of BNP Paribas. In his new role at Opera, Mr. Ekblom will work as a Portfolio Manager, where he will be based out of London. Finance Magnates reached out to Mr. Ekblom who was unavailable for additional comment.Opera Trading Capital recently made headlines with the loss of Paolo Nicolosi, the group’s Head of Foreign Exchange (FX) Alpha Proprietary Trading, after less than a year in the role. Mr. Nicolosi had as the Co-Head of London Branch and Head of FX Alpha Proprietary dating back to July 2015 and also came over from BNP Paribas’ London-based FX desk.For its part, BNP Paribas has abstained from any widespread personnel shifts across its global business, unlike other lenders such as Deutsche Bank and Standard Chartered. The group’s most recent marquee hire was an addition to its Asia-Pacific (APAC) operations, which saw the appointment of Philippe Benoit as its newest regional head.Share this article Tags: Bnp Paribas / Opera Trading Capital Got a news tip? Let Us Know  Found a mistake? Let us know    Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "Opera Trading Capital Secures Former BNP Senior FX Trader, Kristian Ekblom"Notify of new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments              Notify of new replies to this comment           Notify of new replies to this comment  Sort by:   newest | oldest | most votedGuestBud SpencerShare On TwitterShare On GoogleIt would be good to get some more background information on Opera. I know that they are proprietary shop of BNP, but there is no information of substance of how much AUM they manage, what their results are/were and so forth. Maybe a job for an investigative journalist? ;=)Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply1 year 3 months agoAll FM News Emmanuel Ayoun Barred from Financial Markets for Five ... / 52 minsDeutsche Bank Appoints Oliver Schiller as Co-Head of ... / 2 hoursDeutsche Bank Nearing Legal Immunity Deal with Former ... / 2 hoursFCA Warns Against AMC Capital Invest Clone Company / 3 hours       Related Articles Deutsche Bank Appoints Oliver Schiller as Co-Head of Natural Resources Group LiquidityBook Continues Hiring, Adds Andy Carroll as Chief Architect CFH Clearing Promotes Matthew Maloney to CEO      Directory Categories  Social Trading   28   Wealth Management   27   Physical Precious Metal   6   Tools for Traders   14   Forex Brokers   355   Binary Option Brokers   116   Marketing Agencies   35   Affiliate Programs   62   Affiliate Software   7   Regulation Consulting   20   Tools for Brokers   50   Mobile Developers   20   Platforms   133   Industry Websites   216   Regulators   50   Telecom   7   KYC   1   White Label Solutions   30   Industry Start Ups   12   Lawyers & Incorporation   13   Translation Services   9   Risk Management   11   Liquidity Provider   31   Platform Providers   69   MT4/MT5 Bridge Providers   35   Development Firms   81   Binary Software Providers   16   Payment Processors   46   Industry Executives   276             xDon't stay behind!Sign up for our newsletter and get all the hottest news in your inbox daily.*   First Name    Last Name Email address*   I would also like to receive business enhancing offers and promotionsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.            ×Report News We do not store your information and we do not disclose our sources. Leave your name/email (not required) if you'd like to be contacted about this story (will not be disclosed):First NameLast NameEmail message*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.   ×Found a mistake? Be it a typo or a factual error - we do our best but we are also human! Do let us know and we'd be happy to check ourselves and fix if necessary. Thank you.First Name*Last Name*Email* message*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.   


Opera Trading Capital SA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



































opera trading capital sa
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
Opera Trading Capital SA operates as an institutional brokerage firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 Blvd Haussmann
Paris, 75009
France


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































      Legal Terms - Opera Trading Capital





































           




Legal Terms




Legal Terms
Welcome to the operatradingcapital.com website published by Opera Trading Capital.
Opera Trading Capital is an Investment Firm regulated by the French Regulator ACPR (CIB # 11683).
The publisher undertakes to comply with all laws on the establishment and the activity of a website.
Opera Trading Capital kindly requests that all users read the following terms and conditions carefully. By accessing, browsing or using the website, users acknowledge that they have read, understood, and consented to the terms and conditions.
Opera Trading Capital draws the attention of users of its website to the following points:
1 – Access to the website:
The user of this website acknowledges that he/she has the skill and resources necessary to gain access to this website and use it.
Access to the operatradingcapital.com website is free of charge. The costs of accessing and using the telecommunications network are to be borne by the user in accordance with the terms and conditions set by the client’s access providers and telecommunications operators.
The user acknowledges that he/she has the skills and necessary means for accessing and using this site.
The publisher cannot be held liable for matters outside its control or for any damage that may be caused by the user’s technical environment, in particular computers, software programs, network equipment and any other devices used to gain access to or use the service and/or the information.
Users are reminded that it is an offence punishable under criminal law to fraudulently access or remain connected to an IT system, to impair or interfere with the functioning of such a system or to fraudulently enter or alter information in an IT system.
Local laws prohibit the distribution, the access to this site or the use of data collection methods. Please ensure that you are legally authorized to connect to this site in the country (the State) from which the connection is established.
2 – Intellectual property:
Opera Trading Capital owns or holds the rights to all components that constitute this website, particularly the data, designs, graphics, photographs and soundtracks.
It is prohibited to reproduce, represent, distribute or re-distribute the content of this website by any means whatsoever, whether in whole or in part, without the prior express authorization of Opera Trading Capital. Such action would constitute a contravention of the rules governing the French Intellectual Property Code.
Any use of site content for illegal purposes may be subject to legal proceedings.
Any reproduction, representation, distribution or redistribution in whole or in part, of this content carried from the site is expressly prohibited.
3 – Responsibility:
Opera Trading Capital endeavours to ensure the accuracy, updating and exhaustiveness of the information disseminated on this website and reserves the right to change the content or presentation of this website at any time and without notice.
Opera Trading Capital cannot however ensure the completeness or absence of modification by a third party (intrusion, virus …)
Furthermore, Opera Trading Capital declines any liability in the event of any delay, error or omission as regards the content of these web pages, nor in the event of any interruption to the service or if the service ceases to be available.
Opera Trading Capital is not liable for any damages, direct or indirect, arising in any manner whatsoever, of the website’s use by any user, or for any failure of lines or systems required for its use. Opera Trading Capital specifically disclaims any liability arising from the transmission of confidential information over the Internet.
The information given on the website may be partial and incomplete because of the necessarily simplified nature of the texts, which do not have contractual value. Opera Trading Capital declines any direct or indirect liability concerning the accuracy, absence of errors, updated nature and availability of the information contained in the website.
Opera Trading Capital cannot be held liable for any decision made on the basis of information contained in the website or for the use that third parties might make of it.
Anyone who wishes to use one or more of the services presented on the website is invited to contact his or her Opera Trading Capital representative to ascertain the contractual conditions and tariffs applicable to those products and/or services.
Opera Trading Capital reserves the right to exercise all legal actions, including disciplinary, against any user who violates any of its commitments under the presents terms.
4 – Technical information:
Users are reminded that there is no guarantee messages transmitted on the Internet will remain confidential and that the responsibility lies with the individual to take all appropriate measures to protect his or her own data and/or software programs against contamination by possible viruses circulating on the Internet.
Opera Trading Capital cannot be held liable for matters outside its control and for any damage that may be caused by the user’s technical environment, in particular computers, software programs, network equipment and any other devices used to gain access to the website or to use it and/or the information it contains.
5 – Hypertext links:
Opera Trading Capital declines any liability concerning the content and possible losses incurred when visiting websites to which the website leads via hypertext links. The user visits other sites on his or her own responsibility and at his or her own risk.
6 – Cookies:
Users are informed that when they visit the website a cookie may install itself automatically and retained temporarily in the user’s memory or hard disk. A cookie is a component which does not enable the user to be identified but which is used to record information about the user’s navigation on the website.
Users of the website acknowledge that they have been informed of this practice and authorize Opera Trading Capital to use it. Users may de-activate this cookie by using the settings contained in their navigation software program.
7– Law applicable:
The content of the operatradingcapital.com website is subject to the law applicable in France.
All users acknowledge the competence of the courts of France for everything regarding the content and use of the website or disputes arising therefrom.







      Opera Trading Capital | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Opera Trading Capital
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover— Net Assets— Return on Capital Employed (%)— Debt to Capital (%)— DetailsCompany nameOpera Trading CapitalCompany numberFC032595Legal Entity Identifier—
                                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date12 Jun 2015Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            —
                        Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2015
                                SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address1 Boulevard HaussmannParis9th9THUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Opera Trading Capital was registered on 12 Jun 2015        with its registered office in 9th.
                The business has a status listed as "Active".                     
                It currently has  3 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Demon Francois, Stephane Liot, Xavier Coste.                        Opera Trading Capital
                                has no subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsAge
                                    Startup
                                
                                0-5 years
                            Location
                                    9TH
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionAccounts data converted from euro.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address1 Boulevard HaussmannParis9th9THUnited Kingdom1 Boulevard HaussmannParis9th9THUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×       Exclusive: Opera Trading Capital FX Head Nicolodi Leaves Group | Finance Magnates            Institutional FX     Finance Magnates NewsletterInsights, breaking news, market analysis and articles delivered to your inbox daily.*           This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.                 Contact usChoose which department you want to message:*SalesIntelligenceEventsNewsroomUGCGeneralLeave us your details to learn our powerful and innovative advetising opportunities for your brand. Download Media KitTo learn more about this unique service and to discover how it can help you grow your business, send us a message in the form below.We’re happy to answer any questions you have or provide you with an estimate.Do you have a story you want to send us? Complete the form below. If you have something valuable to say you can apply as a Finance Magnates Contributor. Just send us a message in the form below.We’re straightforward with our abilities and pricing, and knowing where you’re coming from helps us hit the target.*   First name    Last name *   Company name Email* Telephone numberForm description**required fieldsPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.  NewsletterSubscribe to & follow our newsletterGet top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.  Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements.*   I would also like to receive business enhancing offers and promotionsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.  Log InLog in to Finance Magnates    Remember Me  Create an accountForgot password?Reset your password Enter your email address below. We will send instructions to reset
your password.   Email was send successfully!Please check your inbox for  our authentication email.Sign up to Finance MagnatesI already have an account      *required fields  Send me business enhancing offers and promotions  Sign me up for Finance Magnates News Updates  By signing up I accept Finance Magnates Terms and Conditions     Thank you for registering  to Finance Magnates.Please open the email we sent you and click on the  link to verify your account.English日本語中国العربيةРусский   Search         FM HomeInstitutional FXPrime BrokerageOpera Trading Capital’s FX Head, Nicolodi Leaves Group for Goldman SachsOpera Trading Capital’s FX Head, Nicolodi Leaves Group for Goldman Sachs Mr. Nicolosi served as the Co-Head of London Branch Head of FX Alpha Proprietary at Opera Trading Capital after less    Jeff Patterson  |  Prime Brokerage (Institutional FX) |  Monday, 18/01/2016|20:43 GMT  Photo: Finance MagnatesShare this articleOpera Trading Capital, a propitiatory arm of BNP Paribas, has lost Paolo Nicolosi, the group’s Head of Foreign Exchange (FX) Alpha Proprietary Trading, after less than a year in the role, Finance Magnates has learned.Mr. Nicolosi served as the Co-Head of London Branch & Head of FX Alpha Proprietary at Opera Trading Capital, having joined the group back in July 2015. Prior to this role he had worked at BNP Paribas’ London-based FX Alpha desk for over three years, dating back to 2012.In addition, while at BNP, he served as an integral component of its FX options business as its Global Head of G10 FX Options Trading since 2005, part of a decade long tenure with the French lender. Additional stops include Standard Chartered, Commerzbank, and JPMorgan in a number of senior level FX roles.He has parted ways with Opera Trading Capital to take a new role at Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) LP as its Managing Director in its Fixed Income and Currency (FIC) unit, according to a recent Bloomberg report.Share this article Tags: Bnp Paribas Got a news tip? Let Us Know  Found a mistake? Let us know    Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment!Notify of new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments              Notify of new replies to this comment           Notify of new replies to this comment  All FM News Emmanuel Ayoun Barred from Financial Markets for Five ... / 52 minsDeutsche Bank Appoints Oliver Schiller as Co-Head of ... / 2 hoursDeutsche Bank Nearing Legal Immunity Deal with Former ... / 2 hoursFCA Warns Against AMC Capital Invest Clone Company / 3 hours       Related Articles Deutsche Bank Nearing Legal Immunity Deal with Former Executives PrimeXM Launches Revamped Website to Support Growing Client Base Bank of America Focuses on Dublin as its Next EU Trading Hub      Directory Categories  Social Trading   28   Wealth Management   27   Physical Precious Metal   6   Tools for Traders   14   Forex Brokers   355   Binary Option Brokers   116   Marketing Agencies   35   Affiliate Programs   62   Affiliate Software   7   Regulation Consulting   20   Tools for Brokers   50   Mobile Developers   20   Platforms   133   Industry Websites   216   Regulators   50   Telecom   7   KYC   1   White Label Solutions   30   Industry Start Ups   12   Lawyers & Incorporation   13   Translation Services   9   Risk Management   11   Liquidity Provider   31   Platform Providers   69   MT4/MT5 Bridge Providers   35   Development Firms   81   Binary Software Providers   16   Payment Processors   46   Industry Executives   276             xDon't stay behind!Sign up for our newsletter and get all the hottest news in your inbox daily.*   First Name    Last Name Email address*   I would also like to receive business enhancing offers and promotionsNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.            ×Report News We do not store your information and we do not disclose our sources. Leave your name/email (not required) if you'd like to be contacted about this story (will not be disclosed):First NameLast NameEmail message*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.   ×Found a mistake? Be it a typo or a factual error - we do our best but we are also human! Do let us know and we'd be happy to check ourselves and fix if necessary. Thank you.First Name*Last Name*Email* message*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.   
﻿

























Opera Trading Capital Invests $172,000 in Ferrari N.V. (RACE) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Ferrari N.V.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Ferrari N.V. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Critical Contrast: Himax Technologies (NASDAQ:HIMX) & Sanmina Corporation (SANM)
Xylem Inc. (XYL) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at BMO Capital Markets
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) Earns Underperform Rating from Macquarie
Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Downgraded by Seaport Global Securities to “Neutral”
ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Downgraded by Seaport Global Securities to Neutral
Lear Corporation (LEA) Now Covered by Analysts at Guggenheim
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine
KBC Group NV Holds Position in Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ)
Ecolab Inc. (ECL) is YHB Investment Advisors Inc.’s 5th Largest Position
Stifel Financial Corp Has $627,000 Position in Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO)
SAExploration Holdings (NASDAQ:SAEX) vs. Basic Energy Services (BAS) Critical Survey
Mawer Investment Management Ltd. Increases Stake in Novartis AG (NVS)
KBC Group NV Lowers Stake in Progress Software Corporation (PRGS)
Prudential Financial Inc. Increases Stake in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO)
Prudential Financial Inc. Reduces Stake in Convergys Corporation (CVG)
Prudential Financial Inc. Increases Stake in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)
KBC Group NV Has $120,000 Stake in Innoviva, Inc. (INVA)
Monsanto Company (MON) Stake Boosted by Bank of The Ozarks
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in Bob Evans Farms, Inc. (BOBE)


 


Opera Trading Capital Invests $172,000 in Ferrari N.V. (RACE)

Posted by Tim Parker on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Opera Trading Capital purchased a new stake in shares of Ferrari N.V. (NYSE:RACE) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 2,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $172,000. 
Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in Ferrari N.V. by 4.3% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 896,521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,665,000 after buying an additional 36,852 shares during the last quarter. Stifel Financial Corp increased its stake in Ferrari N.V. by 133.4% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 17,499 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,298,000 after buying an additional 10,002 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank increased its stake in Ferrari N.V. by 1.3% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 10,857 shares of the company’s stock valued at $821,000 after buying an additional 144 shares during the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management purchased a new stake in Ferrari N.V. during the first quarter valued at $1,832,000. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in Ferrari N.V. by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,149 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 128 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 32.89% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Ferrari N.V. alerts:



Shares of Ferrari N.V. (RACE) traded up 0.03% during trading on Friday, hitting $100.02. The stock had a trading volume of 1,040,884 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $89.80 and its 200-day moving average is $75.19. The stock has a market cap of $18.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 37.09 and a beta of 1.67. Ferrari N.V. has a 12-month low of $42.66 and a 12-month high of $100.20. 




TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/opera-trading-capital-invests-172000-in-ferrari-n-v-race.html. 
Several analysts have weighed in on RACE shares. Bank of America Corporation boosted their price target on Ferrari N.V. from $82.00 to $90.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Ferrari N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 price target on shares of Ferrari N.V. in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. UBS AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price target (up previously from $92.00) on shares of Ferrari N.V. in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets upgraded Ferrari N.V. to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $87.50.
Ferrari N.V. Company Profile
Ferrari NV, known as New Business Netherlands NV, is an Italy-based company, incorporated in the Netherlands, that is engaged in designing, manufacturing and selling sports cars under the Ferrari brand. Its products include nine sports car models, including seven sports cars: 458 Italia, 488 GTB, 458 Spider, 488 Spider, F12 Berlinetta, 458 Speciale and 458 Speciale A; as well as two grand tourer (GT) cars: California T and FF. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Ferrari N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ferrari N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿




























Opera Trading Capital Invests $2.93 Million in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for NXP Semiconductors N.V.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NXP Semiconductors N.V. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

CalAmp Corp. (NASDAQ:CAMP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.14
Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE:NUS) President Ryan S. Napierski Sells 8,000 Shares
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (APEN) CEO Purchases $749,996.50 in Stock
Principal Financial Group Inc (NYSE:PFG) EVP Gary P. Scholten Sells 13,495 Shares
FY2019 Earnings Estimate for Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Issued By Jefferies Group
NorthWestern Corporation (NYSE:NWE) Forecasted to Earn FY2019 Earnings of $3.68 Per Share
Research Analysts Set Expectations for Exact Sciences Corporation’s FY2019 Earnings (NASDAQ:EXAS)
Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (TSE:WTE) Price Target Raised to C$31.00
XO Group (NYSE:XOXO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08
National CineMedia (NASDAQ:NCMI) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Daktronics (DAKT) & AU Optronics Corp (AUO) Head to Head Analysis
Reviewing WD-40 (WDFC) and Zep (NYSE:ZEP)
DigitalGlobe (DGI) and TASER International (AAXN) Critical Comparison
Critical Analysis: Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) versus Deltic Timber Corporation (NYSE:DEL)
Auxilio (AUXO) & Multi-Color Corporation (LABL) Head to Head Comparison
FY2018 EPS Estimates for Copper Mountain Mining Corp. (TSE:CUM) Increased by National Bank Financial
Encore Capital Group (NASDAQ:ECPG) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Weyerhaeuser Company (WY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.82 Billion
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II (NASDAQ:DSKE) Stock Price
Sanofi (SNY) Cut to Sell at BidaskClub



 


Opera Trading Capital Invests $2.93 Million in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI)

					Posted by Candace Mills on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Opera Trading Capital bought a new stake in  NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  bought 26,735 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock, valued at approximately $2,926,000. 
Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd increased its position in shares of  NXP Semiconductors N.V. by 135.5% in the first quarter. NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd now owns 150,000 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock worth $170,000 after buying an additional 86,296 shares during the last quarter.  Welch & Forbes LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the first quarter worth about $204,000.  Boston Family Office LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the first quarter worth about $207,000.  AQR Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  NXP Semiconductors N.V. during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000.  Finally, Assetmark Inc. increased its position in shares of  NXP Semiconductors N.V. by 3.3% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 2,060 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the last quarter. 76.78% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get NXP Semiconductors N.V. alerts:



NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ NXPI) traded up 0.14% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $109.86. The company had a trading volume of 1,321,205 shares. NXP Semiconductors N.V. has a 52 week low of $80.13 and a 52 week high of $109.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $27.66 billion, a PE ratio of 20.11 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $109.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $104.62. 
WARNING: “Opera Trading Capital Invests $2.93 Million in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI)” was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/opera-trading-capital-invests-2-93-million-in-nxp-semiconductors-n-v-nxpi.html. 




A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Mizuho  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price target on shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V. in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price target on shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V. in a report on Friday. BidaskClub downgraded NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research downgraded NXP Semiconductors N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price target on shares of NXP Semiconductors N.V. in a report on Tuesday, July 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, three have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $109.58.
NXP Semiconductors N.V. Company Profile
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXP) is a holding company. The Company operates as a semiconductor company. The Company provides high performance mixed signal and standard product solutions. The Company’s segments are High Performance Mixed Signal (HPMS), Standard Products (SP), and Corporate and Other. Its product solutions are used in a range of end-market applications, including automotive, personal security and identification, wireless and wireline infrastructure, mobile communications, multi-market industrial, consumer and computing.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NXPI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI).







Receive News & Ratings for NXP Semiconductors N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NXP Semiconductors N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 














































Financial Conduct Authority









Toggle navigation




FCA Home



ACCESSIBILITY
CONTACT US
CAREERS
CYMRAEG
FCA HANDBOOK
FINANCIAL SERVICES REGISTER








Provided by the Financial Conduct Authority
The Financial Services Register


Home
>
Search results
>
Firm Details
>
Opera Trading Capital






























                                    Advanced Search 
                                


by business type and current status
                                        
                                        
                                            Exchanges, markets and prohibited individuals
                                        











1. Type of business
                                                
                                                
                                                    ? 
                                                




 Firm



 Individual



 Collective Investment Scheme (CIS)





2. Current status
                                               
                                                
                                                    ? 
                                                




 Authorised



 Unauthorised



 Active individual



 Authorised CIS



 Recognised CIS



 De-recognised CIS














Recognised Investment Exchanges Recognised Overseas Investment Exchanges Recognised Auction Platforms Designated Investment Exchanges Regulated Markets Prohibited Individuals 














Tools






Opera Trading Capital


Formally trading as 
                    


Status: EEA Authorised
                           
                             
(Reference number: 688894)
                        
This is a firm that is regulated in another European Economic Area (EEA) country that can offer certain products or services in the UK. The firm must meet minimum standards agreed across all EEA countries.
The Financial Ombudsman Service may be able to consider a dispute with this firm. Find out how to complain.The compensation scheme in the country this firm is regulated in may be able to compensate customers if this firm fails. Contact the firm for specific details.
The Financial Services Compensation Service may also be able to compensate certain customers if the firm fails. Find out about compensation.







                                        Contact Details 
                                    






Principal place of business




Address:


1 Boulevard Haussmann







                                                            Paris 

                                                            75009 



                                                            FRANCE 




 Phone: 
 33 142981514 


 Fax: 
 


 Email: 
 


Website:














                              Basic Details
                            





TypeBranch (UK) of a Overseas Firm
                            

Current status
EEA Authorised   A firm regulated in another European Economic Area (EEA) country that can offer certain products or services in the UK. The firm must meet minimum standards agreed across all EEA countries.


Effective Date   This is the date from which the Current Status has applied. 
12/06/2015


Other information 
Where certain contact information is not available to the FCA, you may wish to contact the firm’s home state regulator (other regulator[s] within the European Economic Area but outside the UK) for more information.You may also wish to contact the firm’s home state regulator for information about any enforcement action that it has taken against the firm. Consumers considering or currently doing business with passported EEA firms ('EEA Authorised'), may wish to ask for further information from the firm or its UK branch about its complaints and compensation arrangements. This is because the position may differ compared to a UK authorised firm.


Money Laundering Certain firms must protect themselves against money laundering and comply with the Money Laundering Regulations of 2007
                            
This firm is not registered under the Money Laundering Regulations.


Insurance Mediation A firm that offers or sells insurance products and services
                                    
Refer to firm's passports.











                                        Individuals 
                                    




This list shows the individual(s) who works for, or used to work for, this firm and is considered an approved person. 
Click the ‘+’ button below to search by current or previous involvement, controlled function or surname:
Filter the list:Hide Filter:



Current InvolvementA person who is currently an approved person at the firm



Previous InvolvementA person that used to hold controlled functions at the firm, but these functions are no longer active.   Please note that the search results for previous involvements may return records for individuals that are still employed by the firm but no longer require approval (for example, because that firm is now subject to the Senior Managers and Certification Regime) as well as individuals that are now active at other firms. Please contact the firm that the adviser is currently working with to clarify their status.



Controlled Function




Available

Employed By
SIMF26 Head of Small Run-Off Firm Function
CF1 Director
CF1 Director (AR)
CF2 Non Executive Director
CF2 Non Executive Director (AR)
CF2a Chair of the Nominations Committee
CF2b Chair of the With-Profits Committee
CF3 Chief Executive
CF3 Chief Executive (AR)
CF4 Partner
CF4 Partner (AR)
CF5 Director of Unincorporated Association
CF5 Director of Unincorporated Association (AR)
CF6 Small Friendly Society
CF7 Sole Trader
CF7 Sole Trader (AR)
CF7a Chairman
CF7b Senior Independent Director
CF7c Chair of the Remuneration Committee
CF7d Chair of Risk Committee
CF7e Chair of the Audit Committee
CF8 Apportionment and Oversight
CF9 EEA Investment Business Oversight
CF10 Compliance Oversight
CF10a CASS Oversight function
CF11 Money Laundering Reporting
CF12 Actuarial
CF12A With-Profits Actuary
CF12B Lloyds Actuary Function
CF13 Finance
CF14 Risk Assessment
CF15 Internal Audit
CF16 Significant Mgt (Desgntd Investment Business)
CF17 Significant Mgt (Other Business Operations)
CF18 Significant Mgt (Insurance Underwriting)
CF19 Significant Mgt (Financial Resources)
CF20 Significant Mgt (Settlements)
CF21 Investment Adviser
CF22 Investment Adviser (Trainee)
CF23 Corporate Finance Adviser
CF24 Pension Transfer Specialist
CF25 Adviser on Syndicate Participation at Lloyd's
CF26 Customer Trading
CF27 Investment Management
CF28 Systems and controls
CF29 Significant management
CF30 Customer
CF40 Benchmark submission
CF50 Benchmark administration
CF51 Actuarial conduct function holder in a third country branch
SMF1 Chief Executive
SMF2 Chief Finance Function
SMF3 Executive Director
SMF4 Chief Risk Function
SMF5 Head of Internal Audit
SMF6 Head of Key Business Areas
SMF7 Group Entity Senior Manager
SMF8 Credit Union Senior Manager
SMF9 Chairman
SMF10 Chair of the Risk Committee
SMF11 Chair of the Audit Committee
SMF12 Chair of the Remuneration Committee
SMF13 Chair of the Nominations Committee
SMF14 Senior Independent Director
SMF16 Compliance Oversight Function
SMF17 Money Laundering Reporting Function
SMF18 Other Overall Responsibility Function
SMF19 Head of Overseas Branch
SMF21 EEA Branch Senior Manager
SMF22 Other Local Responsibility Function
SIMF1 Chief Executive Function
SIMF2 Chief Finance Function
SIMF4 Chief Risk Function
SIMF5 Head of Internal Audit Function
SIMF7 Group Entity Senior Insurance Manager Function
SIMF9 Chairman
SIMF10 Chair of the Risk Committee
SIMF11 Chair of the Audit Committee
SIMF12 Chair of the Remuneration Committee
SIMF14 Senior Independent Director
SIMF19 Head of Third Country Branch Function
SIMF20 Chief Actuary Function
SIMF21 With-Profits Actuary
SIMF22 Chief Underwriting Officer Function
SIMF23 Underwriting Risk Oversight Officer (Lloyd's)
SIMF25 Small Insurer Senior Manager
Responsible for Insurance Mediation
Responsibility for MCD Intermediation


AddRemove


Chosen










Surname beginning with










Name 
Individual reference number 
Status












                                Permission






An authorised firm will have permission to provide certain regulated products and services.

 RequirementsRequirements are rules placed on the firm that apply to all of the financial services activities that it can operate.
This firm has no requirements 









                                           Passport In
                                        




A ‘passport’ enables an authorised firm to provide financial products or services, set up a base, or run its permitted activities in another country in the European Economic Area (EEA). This includes where a firm regulated in another EEA country passports into the UK.



FRANCE|




 Please wait...





Country
Directive
Passport Type




FRANCE
                                                        
                                                     
                                                    
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
Branch 



A(3) Dealing on own account  
                                                             
                                                            


Investment Type


C(1) Transferable securities 


                                                              C(10) Other contracts

C(2) Money-market instruments 
C(3) Units in collective investment undertakings 


                                                              C(4) Derivatives in Securities, etc



                                                              C(5) Commodities Derivatives - Cash Settled



                                                              C(6) Commodities Derivatives - Physically Settled



                                                              C(7) Non-Commercial commodity Derivatives

C(8) Derivative instruments for the transfer of credit risk 
C(9) Financial contracts for differences 















                              Trading/brand names
                            




 A firm may use several trading names or brand names under the same permission. This list shows the names that have been reported to us, but you may want to contact the firm for full details
Current names:StatusNameEffective FromRegisteredOpera Trading Capital24/04/2015










Report a scam or firm

See what to do if you have been scammed or think you have been contacted by fraudsters.




Contact us

Contact the FCA for firm or consumer queries and Register help.
Contact the PRA for prudential queries about banks, building societies, credit unions, insurance firms. 
  




Legal information / 
Freedom of information / 
Privacy Policy statement / 
Contact us

Copyright © 2017 Financial Conduct Authority (FCA): 25 The North Colonnade, London, E14 5HS. Company No. 01920623








×
Type of business

Financial services firm - Firms must be authorised to provide regulated products and services, including banking, investments, insurance, mortgages and other financial products and services in the UK. Individual - Individuals (and some firms) must be ‘approved’ to perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. We describe these as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’. Payment services firm - Firms must be authorised or registered to provide payment services, including issuing credit cards and  money transfer operations.Consumer Credit Interim - A consumer credit firm that held an Office of Fair Trading licence and wanted to continue its consumer credit activities had to apply for interim permission. This will last until it has to apply for authorisation or a variation of permission.EMoney - Firms must be authorised or registered to issue electronic money (e-money), which includes pre-paid cards such as travel money cards and some gift cards. Unauthorised firm - Some firms provide products and services without the required authorisation, or is knowingly running a scam. We strongly suggest you avoid dealing with unauthorised firms.Collective investment scheme - Some collective investment schemes (CIS) are regulated by us, including investment companies with variable capital (‘open ended investment companies’), some unit trusts, and recognised offshore schemes.Exempt professional firm - Some firms (such as solicitors, accountants and chartered surveyors) can perform limited regulated financial activities as part of their normal professional services, without being authorised or an agent of an authorised firm.Exchange - We recognise and supervise certain investment exchanges.Not-for-profit body - Not-for-profit bodies may be covered by a group licence to provide financial services, debt management services and credit information services. 
                  

Close








×
Current status

Active Individual - An individual (and some firms) that can perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. We describe these individuals and firms as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’. Appointed representative - A firm or individual that can act on behalf of another firm (its principal) that is authorised in the UK or regulated in another EEA country. The principal is responsible for the appointed representative's activities. Appointed representative – former - An appointed representative that can no longer provide regulated products and services, but previously could act on behalf of another firm (its principal). Appointed representative – introducer - A firm that can introduce customers to another firm or members of the firm’s group, and/or give out certain kinds of marketing material. It must be a representative of a firm authorised by the FCA or PRA, or regulated in the EEA. Approved - An individual (and some firms) that can perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. We describe these individuals and firms as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’.Authorised firm - A firm that is given permission to provide regulated products and services. Authorised firm – applied to cancel - A firm that has applied to cancel its authorisation but must still meet our standards in dealing with its customers. Authorised firm – in administration - A firm that has stopped taking on new business but is still authorised and has to continue to meet our standards in dealing with its customers. Authorised firm – in liquidation - A firm that has stopped taking on new business but is still authorised and has to continue to meet our standards in dealing with its customers. Authorised firm – suspended - A firm that has to stop providing regulated products and services for a period of time. Authorised electronic money institution - A firm that we have given permission to issue electronic money (e-money) and provide payment services.Authorised payment institution - A firm that we have given permission to provide payment services. EEA authorised firm - A firm regulated in another European Economic Area a (EEA) country that can offer certain products or services in the UK. The firm must meet minimum standards agreed across all EEA countries.Electronic money agent - A firm that can issue electronic money (e-money) and provide payment services on behalf of an e-money institution.Inactive individual - An individual (and some firms) that was previously approved to perform certain tasks in a regulated firm. These individuals and firms would have been described as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’. No longer authorised firm - A firm that can no longer provide regulated products and services, but previously was authorised by the PRA and/or FCA. Payment services agent - A firm that can provide payment services on behalf of a payment institution.Small electronic money institution - A firm that can issue electronic money (e-money) and provide payment services. These firms are ‘registered’ (rather than ‘authorised’), which affects how we regulate the firm. Small payment institution - A firm that can provide payment services. These firms are ‘registered’ (rather than ‘authorised’), which affects how we regulate the firm.  Unauthorised firm - Some firms provide products and services without the required authorisation, or is knowingly running a scam. We strongly suggest you avoid dealing with unauthorised firms. No longer Authorised - This is a firm that can no longer provide regulated products and services, but was previously authorised by the PRA and/or FCA. Cancelled - The firm has cancelled its interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. Previously IP Registered - This firm previously had interim permission to perform certain consumer credit activities for the period indicated in this record.  It has since applied for and been authorised to carry out credit activities in its main permission, replacing the interim permission. You should refer to the authorisation record for this firm for the permissions since the interim permission ended. Fully Authorised apart from 2nd charge - This firm is authorised to run consumer credit business. You should refer to the authorisation information for this firm rather than its interim permission, except for its second charge mortgage business which still comes under its interim permission. Interim Permission Granted - The firm has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. IP issued - The firm has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. IP provisionally issued - The firm has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. IVOP issued - This firm has interim permission to run consumer credit business and was already authorised to provide financial products and services. IVOP provisionally granted - The firm has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business and was already authorised to provide financial products and services. Lapsed - The firm no longer has interim permission to undertake consumer credit business. Revoked - This firm has had its interim permission to run consumer credit business withdrawn. See the disciplinary and regulatory action section for more information. Suspended - This firm has had its interim permission to undertake consumer credit business suspended by the FCA and/or PRA. See the Disciplinary and regulatory action about the firm for further information.  
                  

Close








×
Type of business

Financial services firm - Firms must be authorised to provide regulated products and services, including banking, investments, insurance, mortgages and other financial products and services in the UK. Individual - Individuals (and some firms) must be ‘approved’ to perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. We describe these as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’. Collective investment scheme - Some collective investment schemes (CIS) are regulated by us, including investment companies with variable capital (‘open ended investment companies’), some unit trusts, and recognised offshore schemes. 
                  

Close








×
Current status

Authorised firm - A firm that is given permission to provide regulated products and services.Unauthorised firm - Some firms provide products and services without the required authorisation, or is knowingly running a scam. We strongly suggest you avoid dealing with unauthorised firms.Active Individual - An individual (and some firms) that can perform certain tasks in an authorised firm. We describe these individuals and firms as ‘approved persons’ and the tasks as ‘controlled functions’. Authorised CIS - This is a fund set up in the UK that is available for investment.Recognised CIS - This is a fund set up in another country that can be marketed to investors in the UK and is available for investment.De-recognised CIS - This is a fund set up in another country that can no longer be marketed to investors in the UK.    
                  

Close







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














capital opera - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images



Showing results for capitol opera
Search instead for capital opera







Free & Unlimited VPN | opera.com



Ad
 ·
www.opera.com



Download the new Opera browser today!





Free & Unlimited VPN



Public Wi-Fi security



Low battery?




This is freedom



Last ad you ever see?



Built-in ad blocker





Capitol Theatre Tickets | CapitolFL.ticketofficesales.com



Ad
 ·
CapitolFL.ticketofficesales.com



On Sale Now for Capitol Theatre Clearwater FL Marketplace.


ticketofficesales.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(20,584 reviews)




Capitol Theatre Show | CapitolNY.box-officetickets.com



Ad
 ·
CapitolNY.box-officetickets.com



Tickets On Sale for Port Chester reseller for Capitol Theatre





ZZ Top 10/25/17



Queens of the Stone Age



Lyle Lovett 8/9/17



Yes 9/21/17





Searches related tocapital opera



capitol opera sacramento


capitol opera richmond


capitol opera raleigh


capitol opera albany



capitol city opera


capitol city opera company


capitol city opera atlanta ga


capitol city opera atlanta




Web Results

Capitol Opera Richmond - My Site - Home

www.capitoloperarichmond.com


"Capitol Opera Richmond... the little operatic engine that could" -Richmond Times Dispatch



Contact Us



Auditions



News



About Us



Cor in Action



Welcome to Capitol Opera

www.capopera.com


Capitol Opera Companies, Inc. is a non-profit / community-benefit corporation founded for the purpose of providing performing opportunities for developing artists and ...



Harrisburg, PA



Sacramento, CA



Raleigh, NC



Albany, NY



Capitol City Opera | Atlanta opera | Programs for children ...

www.ccityopera.org


Capitol City Opera is an Atlanta-based opera company that entertains and educates audiences of both children and adults. Our mission focuses on training local young ...


Sacramento, CA - Welcome to Capitol Opera

www.capopera.com/About_Us.html


Originally from the East Coast, Torchia performed professionally in Philadelphia and studied in Italy before moving to Sacramento. Capitol Opera Sacramento presents 5 ...


Capital Opera

www.capitalopera.com


site designed by Top Left Design


Capitol Opera Richmond - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/CapitolOperaRichmond


Capitol Opera Richmond, Richmond, VA. 378 likes. Capitol Opera Richmond is a non-profit, all volunteer organization, founded for the following purposes:...


Capital opera - Israel News - Jerusalem Post

www.jpost.com/Israel-News/Culture/Capital-opera-456894


The Jerusalem Opera company is slowly building up steam and has put on several productions over the last four years. But the capital also gets to enjoy some ...


Capitol (TV series) - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capitol_(soap_opera)


Capitol is an American soap opera which aired on CBS from March 29, 1982, to March 20, 1987, for 1,270 episodes. As its name suggests, the storyline usually revolves ...


Opera Trading Capital - Opera Trading Capital

https://operatradingcapital.com


Opera Trading Capital is an Investment Firm regulated by the French Regulator ACPR (CIB # 11683)


At the Opera - capradio.org

www.capradio.org/classical/at-the-opera


Host Sean Bianco brings you a full-length opera featuring great voices from the past and present followed by “Opera Potpourri. ... Capital Public Radio.










Free & Unlimited VPN | opera.com



Ad
 ·
www.opera.com



Download the new Opera browser today!





Free & Unlimited VPN



Public Wi-Fi security



Low battery?




This is freedom



Last ad you ever see?



Built-in ad blocker





Capitol Theatre Tickets | CapitolFL.ticketofficesales.com



Ad
 ·
CapitolFL.ticketofficesales.com



On Sale Now for Capitol Theatre Clearwater FL Marketplace.


ticketofficesales.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(20,584 reviews)




Capitol Theatre Show | CapitolNY.box-officetickets.com



Ad
 ·
CapitolNY.box-officetickets.com



Tickets On Sale for Port Chester reseller for Capitol Theatre





ZZ Top 10/25/17



Queens of the Stone Age



Lyle Lovett 8/9/17



Yes 9/21/17




Searches related tocapital opera



capitol opera sacramento


capitol opera richmond


capitol opera raleigh


capitol opera albany



capitol city opera


capitol city opera company


capitol city opera atlanta ga


capitol city opera atlanta




12345Next






Answers







National Opera and Ballet of Bulgaria



The National Opera and Ballet is a national cultural institution in Bulgaria that covers opera and ballet. It is based in an imposing building in...

more






Opera Software



July 2016 Opera announced it had sold its browser, privacy and performance apps, and its name to Golden Brick Capital Private Equity Fund I Limited...

more






Khedivial Opera House



people and was made mostly of wood. It was located between the districts of Azbakeya and Ismailyya in Egypt's capital city. Verdi's opera Rigoletto was...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








