 



Alcoa Names William F. Oplinger Chief Operating Officer, Global Primary Products | Business Wire


























































Alcoa Names William F. Oplinger Chief Operating Officer, Global 
      Primary Products






Roy Harvey Succeeds Oplinger as CFO for Primary Business










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










William F. (Bill) Oplinger has been named Chief Operating Officer for Global Primary Products (GPP), effective December 1. (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







William F. (Bill) Oplinger has been named Chief Operating Officer for Global Primary Products (GPP), effective December 1. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Roy Harvey was named Chief Financial Officer for Global Primary Products effective December 1. (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














November 15, 2011 10:36 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alcoa (NYSE: AA) announced today that William F. (Bill) Oplinger has 
      been named Chief Operating Officer for Global Primary Products (GPP), 
      effective December 1. The position has been vacant since Chris Ayers was 
      named Executive Vice President and Global Primary Products President in 
      May 2011. Oplinger has been Chief Financial Officer for GPP since August 
      2010.
    


      Oplinger will focus on day-to-day operations in Alcoa’s Primary 
      businesses, including bauxite mining and refining and smelting 
      operations, allowing Ayers to concentrate on strategic developments 
      involving the business group.
    

      Succeeding Oplinger as Chief Financial Officer for GPP is Roy Harvey, 
      who is currently Director, Investor Relations. Harvey has extensive 
      experience with the Primary business, having served as plant manager at 
      Alcoa’s San Ciprián, Spain, smelter and Director of Finance and Business 
      Integration for GPP Europe prior to becoming Director, Investor 
      Relations.
    

      “Bill is a thorough, disciplined manager and talented problem-solver,” 
      said Ayers. “He has the drive and business knowledge to get top 
      performance from our Primary operations as we continually assess the 
      best strategic options for these businesses.
    

      “I am also pleased to welcome Roy back to GPP. Roy brings a unique 
      combination of international operating and financial experience to this 
      assignment that will serve him well as CFO of Alcoa’s Global Primary 
      Products business.”
    

      Alcoa has aluminum smelters, mines and refineries throughout the U.S., 
      Latin America, Australia, Iceland, Guinea, Europe, Canada and soon in 
      Saudi Arabia through its joint venture with Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian 
      Mining Company. The Ma’aden-Alcoa smelter is due to be operational in 
      2013 and the mine and refinery in 2014.
    

Biographical information follows:


William F. (Bill) Oplinger


      Bill Oplinger joined Alcoa in 2000 as manager of Corporate Analysis in 
      the company’s Finance organization. He progressed to manager, Financial 
      Analysis & Planning, and then Director of Investor Relations, based in 
      New York. He joined the Global Primary Products (GPP) organization as 
      controller and followed that assignment as vice president, Business 
      Development, working on strategic projects within the group. He was 
      named CFO for GPP in August 2010. Oplinger is also a member of the Alcoa 
      Executive Council, the senior leadership group setting strategic 
      direction for the company.
    

      Earlier in his career, Oplinger worked at Westinghouse Electric Company 
      in Pittsburgh and Charlotte, North Carolina, where he served in several 
      engineering, marketing management and business planning positions 
      including director, Business Planning for Westinghouse’s Process Control 
      Division.
    

      Oplinger earned a bachelor’s degree in 1989 in Industrial Engineering 
      and Operations Research from Virginia Tech University and a Master’s of 
      Science in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University in 
      1998.
    

Roy Harvey


      Roy Harvey has been Director, Investor Relations since September 2010, 
      responsible for interfacing with securities analysts and investors 
      globally on Alcoa’s performance and strategic direction. Prior to this 
      role, Harvey was Director of Corporate Treasury, where he was 
      instrumental in developing an extensive enterprise risk management 
      program for the company.
    

      Previously, he was plant manager for the San Ciprián, Spain, smelter and 
      Director of Finance and Business Integration for Global Primary Products 
      (GPP) Europe, leading the finance and casthouse teams. He’s also served 
      as casthouse manager and plant controller in São Luis (Brazil), and a 
      member of GPP’s global casthouse network, where he developed performance 
      measurement systems and drove casthouse profitability.
    

      Before coming to Alcoa in 2002, Harvey worked with Greenstone Resources 
      Ltd., a gold mining company based in Central America, as corporate 
      manager of environmental affairs and operations reporting. He was based 
      in Panamá City, Panamá, for three years and then Managua, Nicaragua, for 
      an additional year.
    

      He graduated with honors from The Wharton School of Business, University 
      of Pennsylvania, simultaneously earning master’s degrees in 
      International Business and Corporate Finance, and holds a bachelor’s 
      degree in Mining Engineering from Columbia University. In 2008, Roy was 
      named to the prestigious Young Leaders Program of the World Economic 
      Council.
    

About Alcoa


      Alcoa is the world’s leading producer of primary and fabricated 
      aluminum, as well as the world’s largest miner of bauxite and refiner of 
      alumina. In addition to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, 
      Alcoa innovation has been behind major milestones in the aerospace, 
      automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial 
      transportation, consumer electronics and industrial markets over the 
      past 120 years. Among the solutions Alcoa markets are flat-rolled 
      products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as well as Alcoa® wheels, 
      fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and building 
      systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as 
      titanium and nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral 
      part of Alcoa’s operating practices and the product design and 
      engineering it provides to customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow 
      Jones Sustainability Index for 10 consecutive years and approximately 75 
      percent of all of the aluminum ever produced since 1888 is still in 
      active use today. Alcoa employs approximately 59,000 people in 31 
      countries across the world. More information can be found at www.alcoa.com.
    

      Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=50070860&lang=en



Contacts

Alcoa Inc.Michael E. Belwood, 812-604-0530Mike.belwood@alcoa.com



















Contacts

Alcoa Inc.Michael E. Belwood, 812-604-0530Mike.belwood@alcoa.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














William F.  Oplinger  | Alcoa Inc | Business Review USA






















Sign In
Get more than ever out of Business Review USA. Participate in discussions, easily share your favorite stories, and connect with what your friends are sharing












EMAIL OR USERNAME







PASSWORD






Forgot password?


 Keep me signed in
						    






 



To signup, please click here


Sign In






Sign Up
Get more than ever out of Business Review USA. Participate in discussions, easily share your favorite stories, and connect with what your friends are sharing




TITLE

Mr.
Mrs.



FIRST NAME



LAST NAME







EMAIL ADDRESS



PASSWORD







Photo










 Recieve weekly newsletters
				
I already have an account, Go to login!
Forgot your password?



Register











Forgot Password
Don't Worry! Please enter you email address and we will retieve your email for you.





EMAIL ADDRESS






 


Submit





Signup for Newsletter




EMAIL ADDRESS



 







Submit

















Leadership




Finance




Technology




Marketing




Top 10

















Jul 2017








June 2017








May 2017








April 2017








March 2017








February 2017







			  			More Back Issues
			  		



















»





About Us
Media













William F.  Oplinger 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






Executive Bio
William F. (Bill) Oplinger was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Alcoa in April 2013.   He is also a member of the Alcoa Executive Council, the senior leadership group that sets strategic direction for the company.
 
Most recently, he was chief operating officer for Alcoa's largest business, Global Primary Products (GPP), with responsibility for day-to-day operations of GPP's global network of aluminum smelters, refineries and mines.
 
Since joining Alcoa in 2000, Bill has held key corporate financial positions in Financial Analysis & Planning and as Director of Investor Relations.  He also has had major assignments in GPP, including Controller, Operational Excellence Director, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.
 
Earlier in his career, Bill held engineering, marketing management and business planning positions with Westinghouse and Emerson Electric.
 
He earned a bachelor’s degree in 1989 in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from Virginia Tech University and a Master’s of Science in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University in 1998.

 Prev

Next 





Statistics


INDUSTRY
Manufacturing



FOUNDED
1984



EMPLOYEES
5000 + 





Leadership



Libby Archel
Vice President  Chief Communications Officer









Ronald E. Barin
Vice President  Chief Investment Officer









William F.  Oplinger 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer









Klaus Kleinfield
Chairman & Chief Executive 















Contact Us

 +1 412 553 4545


 https://www.alcoa.com


 Alcoa Global Center, 390 Park Avenue, New York, New York, United States



Follow Us

 Facebook


 Twitter


 Youtube


 Linkedin







People Also Viewed







Purcell Tire & Rubber Company





Artiflex Manufacturing





Beasley Forest Products





Delkor Systems





Hartness International





Orthman Converying Systems















 View Profile 













Advertise with Us !





 Our revolutionary, custom-built information delivery platforms maximizes accessibility to quickly provide industry professionals with the information they need to make decisions.
  - Digital Magazine Placement
  - Weekly Newsletter Placement
  - Website Sector Sponsoship
  - Web Banners
  - Social Media placement








FIRST NAME

firstname can not be blank


LAST NAME

lastname can not be blank


PHONE NUMBER

this is not a legal phone number
phone number can not be blank






EMAIL ADDRESS

this is not a legal email
email can not be blank


ADDITIONAL NOTES















Request Info


















  














William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles - AOL Finance
























































































William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles







Share














Business Wirevia The Motley Fool, AOL.com
Jan 8th 2013 6:21PM




William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., Who Will Retire After 40 Years With CompanyRobert Wilt To Succeed Oplinger As COO Of Global Primary ProductsNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Alcoa  (NYS: AA)  announced today that William F. Oplinger, 45, will become Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2013, succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., 59, who plans to retire after a 40-year career with the company.William F. (Bill) Oplinger will become Chief Financial Officer for Alcoa, effective April 2013. He succeeds Chuck McLane, who is retiring. (Photo: Business Wire)"Chuck McLane has been vital to Alcoa's success during one of the most challenging periods in the company's history," said Klaus Kleinfeld, Alcoa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "It is not easy to replace someone who has been a giant figure at Alcoa and in the aluminum industry for decades. But with his deep experience, wide-ranging business knowledge and excellent judgment, Bill Oplinger is uniquely qualified. He shares Chuck's commitment to transparency and the highest standards of financial management, and he has established himself as a respected business leader among his peers."Oplinger has been Chief Operating Officer of Alcoa's Global Primary Products business unit since December 2011. He also serves on Alcoa's Executive Council, the senior leadership team that sets strategic direction for the company. Since joining Alcoa in 2000, Oplinger has held key corporate positions in Financial Analysis and Planning and as Director of Investor Relations. He also has had major assignments in Alcoa's largest business, Global Primary Products, including Controller, Operational Excellence Director, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.Earlier in his career, Oplinger held engineering, customer services and business planning positions with Westinghouse and Emerson Electric. Oplinger earned a Bachelor's Degree in Industrial Engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and a Master's Degree in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University.McLane has been Executive Vice President and CFO since September 2007. He joined Alcoa in 2000 as Director of Investor Relations following Alcoa's acquisition of Reynolds Metals Company. He held a series of financial assignments at Reynolds including Assistant Treasurer and Assistant Controller for the company. He also served as director of finance and administration for Reynolds' Global Can business unit. He joined Reynolds in 1973.Robert Wilt, 45, will succeed Oplinger as Chief Operating Officer of Global Primary Products (GPP) and will also serve on Alcoa's Executive Council. Currently President of Alcoa's U.S. Primary Products business, Wilt joined Alcoa in 1999 as Superintendent at the company's U.S. Metals operations in Alcoa, TN. He became Plant Manager at Alcoa's Wenatchee, WA, smelting facility in 2001, then served as Vice President of Energy Development and Vice President of Operational Excellence for GPP before being named to his present position in 2009. Prior to joining Alcoa, Wilt served as a United States Army officer. He was also a Senior Consultant to the Atlanta Olympics Committee. Wilt earned a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering Management from the United States Military Academy at West Point and a Master's Degree in Business Administration from Harvard University.About AlcoaAlcoa is the world's leading producer of primary and fabricated aluminum, as well as the world's largest miner of bauxite and refiner of alumina. In addition to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry, Alcoa innovation has been behind major milestones in the aerospace, automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial transportation, consumer electronics and industrial markets over the past 125 years. Among the solutions Alcoa markets are flat-rolled products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as well as Alcoa® wheels, fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and building systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as titanium and nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral part of Alcoa's operating practices and the product design and engineering it provides to customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for 11 consecutive years and approximately 75 percent of all of the aluminum ever produced since 1888 is still in active use today. Alcoa employs approximately 61,000 people in 31 countries across the world. For more information, visit www.alcoa.com and follow @Alcoa on Twitter at twitter.com/Alcoa.Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available:http://www.businesswire.com/multimedia/home/20130108007177/en/AlcoaInvestor ContactKelly Pasterick, 212-836-2674orMedia ContactMonica Orbe, 212-836-2632KEYWORDS:   United States  North America  New York  PennsylvaniaINDUSTRY KEYWORDS:
			The article William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., Who Will Retire After 40 Years With Company originally appeared on Fool.com.
		Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Copyright © 1995 - 2013 The Motley Fool, LLC.  All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.



Tags



                                df-main
                            




Read Full Story




Can't get enough business news?

Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily!











 Subscribe to our other newsletters
Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time.








From Our Partners





We Used to Paint Battleships Like Tripped-Out Zebras





Woman Who Goes Outside To Look For Her Cat Stops Cold When She Sees What's On Her Porch





Young Woman Missing For 3 Years Turns Up Dead In The Last Place Anyone Thought To look





  The Latest from our Partners         Online Savings Accounts Earn You $1000s, Here’s Why     Mortgage Rates Remain at 7-Month Low – Lock in Now     7 CD Rates that Will Skyrocket Your Finances            The fastest way to pay off your mortgage!     Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits     Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan            Pay no interest until August 2018 with this card     Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card     An incredible $200 intro bonus just for using this card            Donald Trump and 14 Other Most Hated U.S. Politicians of All Time     15 Things You Should Never Buy at Whole Foods     12 Vehicles Rich People Want the Most That You Probably Drive Too            Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity     How to get a HARP loan before it expires in September     How to pay off your house ASAP (Easy Tip)            10 Movie Couples Who Actually Couldn't Stand Each Other In Real Life     Keeping Sliced Lemons In The Bedroom Has A Surprising Effect     Young Woman Missing For 3 Years Turns Up Dead In The Last Place Anyone Thought To...       








Recommended For YouReport: Steve Bannon pushing for marginal tax rate increase on the extremely wealthyThese hotels will provide the most stunning views of the Great American EclipseJeff Bezos is the world's richest personNavy helps rescue 2 wild elephants washed out to seaSupporter awkwardly thanks Trump for Melania Trump at rally: 'I’m probably gonna b...Study: College degree unnecessary for 30 million 'good jobs'Twitter is tumbling after reporting zero user growth First editing of human embryos carried out in United StatesMarketsUSGlobalsCurrenciesDJIA21,734.8423.830.11%NASDAQ6,368.29-54.46-0.85%S&P 5002,468.95-8.88-0.36%NIKKEI 22520,079.6429.480.15%HANG SENG27,131.17190.150.71%DAX12,212.04-93.07-0.76%USD (per EUR)1.170.00-0.37%USD (per CHF)0.960.011.31%JPY (per USD)111.03-0.10-0.09%GBP (per USD)1.310.00-0.28%All index data provided on a 15 minute delay.More to ExploreFrom Our PartnersMcDonald's worker fired for exposing photosDoctor who lived to 105 says retire at this ageHershey to move into online marketLoss of American jobs began during this presidencyMajor overseas Apple supplier to open plant in USWhat Can You Do for a Fatty Liver?Quick & Dirty TipsCheerful Casseroles and No-Bake DessertsQuick & Dirty Tips7 Signs It's Time to Let Go of a FriendSUCCESS MagazineBy PubExchange 













Thu, 
Jul 27




°F


Set Your Location
City, State, or Zip


Change weather location





















Mail




Search 



Sign In / Join




My Account


Log Out





News 




Entertainment 




Finance 




Lifestyle 




Games 




Video 




Shop 





































Executive Profile | Alcoa Corporation | William F. (Bill) Oplinger | Customer Intelligence































































                    Home
                  




					About Us	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log Out















 











William F. (Bill) Oplinger 

		
		EVP and CFO, 

	
		 Alcoa Corporation 	

 
Last Updated: 04/23/2017 



Executive Summary
Oplinger is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Alcoa Corporation, the independent, publicly-traded company formed following the separation with Alcoa Inc. in November 2016. He held this same position since 2013 for Alcoa Inc. Previously Oplinger served as Chief Operating Officer for Alcoa Global Primary Products (G 
Current Focus

Close headquarters: In April 2017, Alcoa announced plans to close its global headquarters in New York and seven other administrative offices within 18 months in a bid to shave $5 million a year in overhead costs, report 
Key Challenges

What the pundits say: "Although the spin-off sounds exciting and has been received well by the market, the separation seems to favor Arconic (the downstream business segment) more than Alcoa (the upstream business) 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1967.
Oplinger earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research in 1989 from Virginia Tech University 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:
































© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us

































 Alcoa -- Bill Oplinger



































Foundation
About the Foundation
 . . . 
Board & Staff
Bill Oplinger

 











William F. (Bill) Oplinger 
Executive Vice President and
              Chief Financial Officer
              Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
William F. (Bill) Oplinger was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Alcoa in April 2013.  Bill has deep experience leading Alcoa’s finance function, with current executive oversight for treasury, pension, tax, controllership, financial planning and analysis, audit and investor relations.  Under Bill’s financial leadership Alcoa recently announced its planned separation into two publicly-traded entities, the Upstream and Value Add companies, in the second half of 2016. Bill has also led the company’s overhead reduction program which contributed to $3b of productivity achieved by Alcoa in 2013-2015.  Bill sits on the Alcoa Executive Council, the senior leadership group that sets strategic direction for the company.
Previously Bill served as chief operating officer for Alcoa's Upstream business, Global Primary Products (GPP), with responsibility for day-to-day operations of the Upstream’s five businesses – mining, refining, smelting, casting and energy.  In this role, he oversaw extensive restructuring of the upstream business with an emphasis on optimizing the group’s centers of excellence (COE’s), including the launch of the mining COE. Earlier Bill served as Chief Financial Officer for the Upstream business.
Since joining Alcoa in 2000, Bill has held key corporate financial positions in Financial Analysis & Planning and as Director of Investor Relations.  He has also held major assignments the Upstream business, including Controller and Operational Excellence Director.
Earlier in his career, Bill held engineering, marketing management and business planning positions with Westinghouse and Emerson Electric.  He earned a bachelor’s degree in 1989 in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from Virginia Tech University and a Master’s of Science with honors in Industrial Administration from Carnegie Mellon University in 1998.



















Arconic | News | Press Releases | 2013 | William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., Who Will Retire After 40 Years With Company




























Arconic
close









close






Global Locations
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Hungary
India
Japan
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
United Kingdom
United States

close


close











News
Press Releases
 . . . 2013William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., Who Will Retire After 40 Years With Company






William F. Oplinger Named Alcoa Chief Financial Officer Effective April 1, 2013, Succeeding Charles D. McLane, Jr., Who Will Retire After 40 Years With Company
January 8, 2013




















 Robert Wilt To Succeed Oplinger As COO Of Global Primary ProductsNEW YORK--Alcoa (NYSE:AA) announced today that William F. Oplinger, 45, will        become Chief Financial Officer effective April 1, 2013, succeeding        Charles D. McLane, Jr., 59, who plans to retire after a 40-year career        with the company.“Chuck McLane has been vital to Alcoa’s success during one of the most        challenging periods in the company’s history,” said Klaus Kleinfeld,        Alcoa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. “It is not easy to replace        someone who has been a giant figure at Alcoa and in the aluminum        industry for decades. But with his deep experience, wide-ranging        business knowledge and excellent judgment, Bill Oplinger is uniquely        qualified. He shares Chuck’s commitment to transparency and the highest        standards of financial management, and he has established himself as a        respected business leader among his peers.”Oplinger has been Chief Operating Officer of Alcoa’s Global Primary        Products business unit since December 2011. He also serves on Alcoa’s        Executive Council, the senior leadership team that sets strategic        direction for the company. Since joining Alcoa in 2000, Oplinger has        held key corporate positions in Financial Analysis and Planning and as        Director of Investor Relations. He also has had major assignments in        Alcoa’s largest business, Global Primary Products, including Controller,        Operational Excellence Director, Chief Financial Officer and Chief        Operating Officer.Earlier in his career, Oplinger held engineering, customer services and        business planning positions with Westinghouse and Emerson Electric.        Oplinger earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Engineering from        Virginia Polytechnic Institute and a Master’s Degree in Industrial        Administration from Carnegie Mellon University.McLane has been Executive Vice President and CFO since September 2007.        He joined Alcoa in 2000 as Director of Investor Relations following        Alcoa's acquisition of Reynolds Metals Company. He held a series of        financial assignments at Reynolds including Assistant Treasurer and        Assistant Controller for the company. He also served as director of        finance and administration for Reynolds' Global Can business unit. He        joined Reynolds in 1973.Robert Wilt, 45, will succeed Oplinger as Chief Operating Officer of        Global Primary Products (GPP) and will also serve on Alcoa’s Executive        Council. Currently President of Alcoa’s U.S. Primary Products business,        Wilt joined Alcoa in 1999 as Superintendent at the company’s U.S. Metals        operations in Alcoa, TN. He became Plant Manager at Alcoa’s Wenatchee,        WA, smelting facility in 2001, then served as Vice President of Energy        Development and Vice President of Operational Excellence for GPP before        being named to his present position in 2009. Prior to joining Alcoa,        Wilt served as a United States Army officer. He was also a Senior        Consultant to the Atlanta Olympics Committee. Wilt earned a Bachelor’s        Degree in Engineering Management from the United States Military Academy        at West Point and a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from        Harvard University.About AlcoaAlcoa is the world’s leading producer of primary and fabricated        aluminum, as well as the world’s largest miner of bauxite and refiner of        alumina. In addition to inventing the modern-day aluminum industry,        Alcoa innovation has been behind major milestones in the aerospace,        automotive, packaging, building and construction, commercial        transportation, consumer electronics and industrial markets over the        past 125 years. Among the solutions Alcoa markets are flat-rolled        products, hard alloy extrusions, and forgings, as well as Alcoa® wheels,        fastening systems, precision and investment castings, and building        systems in addition to its expertise in other light metals such as        titanium and nickel-based super alloys. Sustainability is an integral        part of Alcoa’s operating practices and the product design and        engineering it provides to customers. Alcoa has been a member of the Dow        Jones Sustainability Index for 11 consecutive years and approximately 75        percent of all of the aluminum ever produced since 1888 is still in        active use today. Alcoa employs approximately 61,000 people in 31        countries across the world. For more information, visit www.alcoa.com        and follow @Alcoa on Twitter        at twitter.com/Alcoa.











Media Assets Download



Robert Wilt was named Chief Operating Officer of Alcoa Global Primary Products, effective April 2013. He is currently President of Alcoa’s U.S. Primary Products business. 
High Resolution 1018.13 KBThumbnail 5.02 KBSquare 15.49 KBWeb Ready 144.62 KBViewImage 16.18 KB



William F. (Bill) Oplinger will become Chief Financial Officer for Alcoa, effective April 2013. He succeeds Chuck McLane, who is retiring. 
Square 14.61 KBHigh Resolution 69.01 KBThumbnail 8.48 KBViewImage 12.15 KBWeb Ready 48.2 KB







 
 





Recent News


 

July 24, 2017
Arconic Board Approves Quarterly Dividends





July 24, 2017
Arconic Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results





July 10, 2017
Arconic to Host Webcast and Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results











 
									see more 
								

 











close


























 


    William Oplinger | Alcoa Inc. | ZoomInfo.com